





353. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     EBBORN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of May
, a wooden box, value 1d. two thousand and eighty eight copper halfpence
            ; the goods and monies of 
               
                  Allen Mason

               
             and 
               
                  Robert Mason

               
            .
WILLIAM MASON
Q. How old are you? - I am going of sixteen; I never was sworn before, if I swear false I shall go to Hell to be sure.

Sworn.
Allen and 
               
                  Robert
                   Mason
               



             are my uncles, they are both partner in a barge

, they have two or three barges; the wooden box was taken out in Queen-street, and the halfpence were in the box, I brought the box to Queenhithe, I received it of Mr. Austin, at Ailsford; in Queen-street a man came up, not the prisoner, and asked me whether I did not belong to Maidstone? I told him yes; he said he thought he knew my name, and he asked me where I was going? I told him to Bishopsgate-street; he said he was going part of the way, so he went up along with me, and he said you must go up that way, so I went up into that street, where this man took my box, I don't know the name of it, so when I came into this street, this man came up, and said, are you not going to Mr. Wilson's? I told him, yes; and says he, I was going after that box, to the Bull whars, and says he, I was to pay the porterage, and he gave me two-pence; sir, says I, I want more for bringing it so far, so he gave me two-pence three farthings; so a man came up to me and said, do you know that person that you gave the box to, you rascal? no, says I, the gentleman called him back, and he brought the box back again to me, he gave me the box again, and he walked on quite a pace, two gentlemen and I followed him, and when he was turned the corner, he set off a running, and the two gentlemen after him, and they catched him, and had him to Mr. Wilson's.
Q. He had clearly taken it from you? - Yes, he put his hand on my head and I laid the box down on a block, and he took it from the block.
Q. How did you know what was in the box? - I did not know it till Mr. Wilson told me.
Q. Was the box heavy? - Yes, it was very heavy.
Q. What street was it the man asked if you belonged to Maidstone? - In Queen-street.
Q. In what street did the man take the box from you? - I don't rightly know.


                  JOHN
                   WOOL
               



             Sworn.
I am the master of the barge of Mr. Allen and 
               
                  Robert
                   Mason
               



            's; I sent the lad with the box from Bull's whars, it was told me there were halfpence in it, I got it from Mr. Austin's, at Ailsford. In about half an hour after I see it again at the Mansion House, there was a direction on the box on a bit of paper.
Q. Who had the care of the box at the Mansion House? - The constable.


                  WILLIAM
                   GUY Sworn
               



            .
I am a waterman. I met this lad with the box in Queen-street, and he asked me the way to Bishopsgate-street? I told him to go up to the top of the street, and then to ask; he then parted with me, and a young man, in a blue coat went up to him and got into conversation along with the boy; and the man there, the prisoner, was close behind the boy, walking up the street all the time, walking near the opposite side of the way. The man that was talking to the boy tilted up the box and looked at the directions; he then left the boy and the boy went on, the prisoner turned down Pancras-lane and came up Bucklersbury again, and met that person that looked at the directions; he then left the boy, and the boy went on; the prisoner turned down Pancras-lane and came up Bucklersbury again, and met that person that looked at the directions; the boy then went down the Old Jewry, they all three followed him, there were three of them in all. I saw no more of it till they came to the bottom of Princes-street, and when I came to the botton of Princes-street the prisoner had got the box on his head, and the boy was going away from him. I called to the boy and asked him if he knew the man to whom he delivered the box? he said no, I told the boy he had robbed him of it; I then called out, you, with the box, where are you going? He did not turn at that, I called him again, and he turned about then, I asked him then where he was going with the box? he said, to Bishopsgate-street; I said, you rascal you have robbed the boy of it, he said, here you may have it, and he took it off from his head and gave it to me, I gave it to the boy; a gentleman coming by, said, we ought to charge a constable with him; he said, we need not charge him with a constable, he would go with us; I told him he should. Just as we got to the corner of Wormwood-street, he then fat off to run, and I ran after him, and catched him by the collar. I took him to Mr. Wilson's house, where the box was directed.


                  JOHN
                   WHALEY
               



             Sworn.
I am clerk to Mr. Emfield, of Chelsea, I was going along Lothbury, and I saw the man with the box on his head, and this man, Guy, went up to the boy and said, do you know that man? he said no. With that I went with Guy and took the box from him, and Guy gave the box to the boy. I went to Mr. Wilson's with the prisoner, he went on till we came to Wormwood-street, when he attempted to run away, and he was stopped and taken to Mr. Wilson's.


                  WILSON
                   Sworn
               



            .
This box was for me, I expected it from Mr. Austin, of Assford, in Kent.
Q. Who are the Messrs. Masons? - They are the carriers; the box was brought home by the two last evidences, Mr. Whaley and Mr. Guy; I had advice by post, two or three days back, that there were four pounds seven shilings worth of halfpence in it, in five shilling papers.


                  THOMAS
                   SAPWELL
               



             sworn.
I produce this box, I had it of Mr. Wilson, there are two seals on it, put on it by Mr. Wilson, and a direction.
Wool. This is the box I gave the boy to carry.
Prisoner. I was coming down Lothbury, and I was accosted by a man, who asked me if I would earn six pence? I told him yes; he gave me two-pence three farthings, and says, you go and ask that boy for that box, it is to go to Mr. Wilson's, in Bishopsgate-street; I went to the boy, and he gave it me, and then that man came up, and said that I wanted to steal it from the boy. I have no friend existing, but a mother and father.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 29.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
