





348. 
               
                  
                     GILES 
                     BUOY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of March
, five yards of linen wrapper, value 3s. and 28 yards of printed calico, value 50s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Peele
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Lawrence 
                     Peele
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Peele
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Peele
               



            , 
               
                  Edmund 
                  Peele
               



            , and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Yates
               



            .


                  JOSEPH
                   PEELE
               



             sworn. - I am a calico-printer





;(proves the partnership); I live at No.15, King-street, Cheapside; I was absent at the time of the robbery, I only come here to swear to the property.


                  WILLIAM
                   SORRELL
               



             sworn. - I am porter to Mr. Peele, of King-street; the prisoner was also porter
 in Mr. Peele's service; he had got two deliveries of calico prints in a sheet; on the 30th of March, near one o'clock, the bills were given to him, and likewise the sheet.
Q. Do you mean the linen wrapper? - A. Yes. And he had made them fast; I had also three pieces to take; I know he had his fast, it contained twenty-eight yards of printed calico; I saw him carry them out of the house, and in about a quarter of an hour after I saw him in Smithfiels, he had his last delivery, he had delivered one; I followed him to Stock and Cooper's, upon Holborn-hill, he came out there, and I took him with another piece upon him he had no bill with; I stopped him in Baldwin's place; it was wrapped in a wrapper; I asked him, what he had got there, and the reply that he made me was, that he was done; I told him, if he would go back with me quietly, I would not call any other assistance; he went with me to the Old-jewry, and there we went in and had a pint of beer, and I sent the waiter for our foreman, and if he was not at home, to tell Mr. Curzons to come; I related the business to him and he proceeded to the warehouse with him and the property as I found it upon him, and it was delivered to the constable. When I was going out with my parcels, I suspected him, because as I went out past the warehouse window, I saw his wrapper undone again, and his head go from one of the piles in the warehouse; and I went back with my goods, and followed him.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. He had two deliveries, and you say you found three upon him? - A. Yes; two, and the one that he had no account of.
Q. And the reason why you say he had no account of it, was, that he did not produce a bill of it to you? - A. No, he told me first, he was done, and then he said, he was going to 
               
                  William
                   Goulding
               



            ,in Portpool-lane, to ask him if he could make any thing of it for him.
Q. You know nothing, of your own knowledge, of this being missed, except that you found the piece upon him? - A. I suspected him from seeing his wrapper open again.
Q. Were there no other men in the warehouse? - A. There were.
Q.Then for any thing you know, any of them might have opened the wrapper as well as the prisoner? - A. I dare say they would not, I cannot take upon me to say that.
Court. Q. What was the property you took from him? - A. A piece of calico print.


                  DANIEL
                   CARTWRIGHT
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner and this piece of calico, (produces it); it was delivered to me by Mr. Joseph Peele, on the 30th of March, about three in the afternoon; I have had it ever since. I heard him say to Mr. Peele, afterwards, that he was going to carry it to Mr. Goulding's, in Portpool-lane, or to some pawnbroker's.
Q. Did Mr. Peele say any thing to induce him to say that, did he use any threat, or make him any promise? - A. Not that I heard.
Mr. Peele. This piece of calico is my property, it has our mark upon it, "Peele, Yates, and Co."
Q. Did you look to see if any was missing? - A. It was impossible for me to miss it.
Q. You cannot undertake to say, of your own knowledge, whether that was one of the pieces that was to be delivered to you customers? - A. I cannot say.
Court. Q. Had you a piece of the pattern in your house? - A. I cannot say; we had a great many of this pattern in the course of the last year.
Prisoner's defence. I had two deliveries of goods; when I came to deliver them, I found I had got one more by mistake, and I intended to carry it back again.
Court. (To Sorrell.) Q. Can you undertake to swear to the wrapper? - A. I believe it was the same wrapper, but there is no mark upon it, I cannot swear to it.
The prisoner called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 27.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
