





294. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     CAMPBELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of March
, nine yards of muslin, value 1 l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Waithman
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  CHARLES
                   PARRY
               



             sworn.
I live with 
               
                  Robert
                   Waithman
               



            , a linen draper
, the corner of Bow street


; I was in the shop. On the 25th of March, between four and five in the afternoon, the prisoner at the bar came in, with two other women, and asked for some check, they looked at it, and had two yards, which they paid me half a crown for; then Margaret Campbell asked for some muslin to make her a cap, I shewed her some, several pieces, they were very difficult; I suspected their design; one woman kept looking about, from one side of the shop to the other, asking the price of several articles; at last, they fixed on two pieces, the one I asked two shillings, the other six shillings; they asked how much a quarter and half would come to of the six shillings? I told them two shillings and three pence. 
               
                  Margaret
                   Campbell
               



             asked one of the other women to lend her half a crown, as she had not enough; she gave her something, it was not enough, so they went out; I was informed by this boy, that the woman in the long cloak had taken a piece of muslin; I had observed her before stoop down in the shop to pick up a halfpenny; I went after them, and got up to her, when she was about half way of Bow-street; when I came up to her, I told her that I would cut her some of the muslin, that she bid me money for; with that, she said, very well and returned; they both came towards the shop, but the other woman went off, and I followed she with the muslin; we came into the shop, I looked over the muslins to see which piece I had missed before I challenged her with it, and she dropped the muslin on the ground; before she came in, I am positive there was no muslin on the ground, it was not a great way from where she stood; I did not see her drop it, nor did I pick it up, there was nine yards and three quarters. (Produced and deposed to.)


                  THOMAS
                   ARMSTEAD
               



             sworn.
I am going on fifteen.
Q. You know the nature of an oath? - Yes.
Q. What is it? - To bind me to speak the truth. I was in the shop that night; I came in between four and five, and I saw that woman, that is there, and two more; when I came in the muslin was on the ground, and this woman dropped an halfpenny, and in picking up the halfpenny, she picked up the muslin, and put it under her cloak, and I told the gentleman of it, and he went after her and brought her back. I saw her brought back, but I did not see her drop it.



                  MARY
                   SLACK
               



             sworn.
I was in the shop when this woman was brought back. I saw her take her hand within side of her petticoat, and drop the muslin down from within side of her petticoats.
Q. Did you see the muslin fall from her? - I did; I see her kick it with her foot (here is the foot mark on it) when she dropped it from under her petticoats.
Prisoner. When that gentleman brought me back he searched me, and I had not a halfpenny worth belonging to him. I deal in a few oranges; I have three poor fatherless children; I went in with this woman to buy an apron, and I came out with her, and then this gentleman came out afterwards, and desired me to go back, and before we got to the door he searched me, and found nothing.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not privately
            . (Aged 30.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
