





539. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of July
, a bushel of flour, value 7s. and a hempen sack, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Toombs
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM TOOMBS sworn. - On the 31st of July, I missed some flour; I had no reason to suspect the prisoner; he always behaved like an honest servant
 to me; I left him at four o'clock that morning in care of my property; I did not miss it till the watchman brought the prisoner back.
Mr. Alley. Q. You always found him very honest? - A. Yes.


                  PATRICK
               


             M'CARTY sworn. - I am a watchman; after calling four o'clock, the prisoner came up to me with some flour upon his shoulder in a sack; says I, do you belong to a baker, or are you a baker yourself? yes, I am, says he, a baker; are you a journeyman, or an apprentice, says I? says he, a journeyman; he said, he was going to High-street, Mary-le-bonne; says I, I will go with you to your employer, and see whether you are right or wrong; watchman, says he, you need not say any thing about it, and we will have something to drink; I called to my partner, and we took him as far as the corner of the watch-house, and then he threw away the bag, and ran off; we called, stop thief, and he was stopped by another watchman; when we got him to the watch-house, Mr. Toombs came up and gave charge of him.
Mr. Alley. Q. He did not run away till he was frightened by the sight of the watch-house? - A. No.
VALENTINE RUMLEY sworn. - I am watchhouse keeper; the bag was delivered to me, and has been in my custody ever since. (Produces it).
Toombs. I cannot say positively this is my sack; it is like it.
Mr. Alley. Q. Your mealman has a great many sacks of the same sort? - A. Yes.
Q. Then you cannot swear that that is your's? - A. No, I cannot.
The other watchman confirmed the evidence of M'Carty, and, knowing the prisoner, gave him a good character.




               GUILTY of stealing the bag, value 10d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice ASHHURST.
