






21. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     WHEELER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CLARKE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of November
 last, 100 lb. weight of lead, value 10 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Masters
                        




                     
                  , and affixed to his dwelling-house, against the statute
            .


                  THOMAS
                   MASTERS
               



             sworn.
I missed 100 lb. weight of lead over the shop-window, it appeared to be cut with a knife: a quarter before eight, the same morning, I was informed of two suspected characters, and sent my brother, I did not go myself; I saw the lead about half after ten, in the hands of the constable, his name is Lawrence; it corresponded to the holes, it was cut very exactly; I have no doubt but it was my lead.
- MASTERS sworn.
I opened my brother's shop a little after seven, and was informed the lead was gone; I looked, and missed it; I took down the shop-window, and did the business as in general; I was informed of and saw the two prisoners go through Swan-yard with the lead, in flats, some in a basket and someopen, and each man had a parcel; they were in company together, following each other; I pursued them; they went on their old course; I got a constable in two minutes after I had seen them go into an old-iron shop, in Wheeler-street, Spitalfields; the constable's name is Lawrence; we went in; one piece of lead was out on the counter, and the other on the ground; I charged the prisoners, and left the lead there while we took them to the watch-house, and came back for the lead, which Mr. Lawrence has had in his possession; I took home the pieces myself, and measured them, and found them exactly to correspond.


                  JOHN
                   TIREMAN
               



             sworn.
I live in Holywell-street, Shoreditch; about two in the night of the 29th I heard a very great noise and a hammering at Mr. Masters's house and mine; I live next door; me and my family were in bed; when the watchman came half past two, they were quiet; then it began again; I got up, and lifted up the sash, and somebody jumped into the street from our house; I struck a light, and looked, and the lead was gone from Mr. Masters's house; I saw nobody then; in the morning, when the man was opening the shop, I saw the two prisoners with something under their arms; it was just before they came into Swan-yard; I saw some bundles, but could not tell what it was; each of them had a parcel; 
               
                  John
                   Masters
               



             was at the door, and I told him to follow me; immediately I suspected it to be the lead; I did not follow; Mr. Masters's lead was brought home; I saw it fitted; I have no doubt.


                  ISAAC
                   GABRIEL
               



             sworn.
Court. Has he been sworn on the Old Testament? - Yes, I have: I live in Wheeler-street; I keep an old-iron shop, as they call it; but I deal in rags the most; the two prisoners brought some lead to me on a Wednesday morning, the 30th; I believe they were apprehended in my shop; they came together, and threw it down; as soon as I saw it, I told them it would not suit me; the prosecutor and another came in almost immediately, and took them into custody; they came back for the lead; I did not know the prisoners; I had not dealt with them before, to the best of my memory.


                  JOHN
                   LAWRENCE
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I apprehended the prisoners, and took charge of the lead; I marked it before it was tried; I was not present when it was tried; one piece of lead was in the scale [Gabriel. The lead lay in the scale before I saw it.] when I came in; Gabriel said it would not suit him; I did not hear the prisoners say any thing about the lead; this is the same lead.
Tireman. I produce a piece of lead which matches to that which was stolen.
(The prosecutor deposed to the lead.)
(All the lead taken appeared not to be found, but what was found did match.)
PRISONERS DEFENCE.
Coming down Holywell-lane to work, we saw the two bundles of lead, one in a basket, and one in a cloth.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMPSON
               



            .
