





147. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of February
, a leather trunk, value 3s. three linen shirts, value 3s. seven linen waistcoats, value 5s. two pair of fustian breeches, value 3s. two pair of flannel drawers, value 6d. three pair of cotton stockings, value 2s. 6d. two pair of plated spurs, value 6d. and two cloth coats, value 6s. the property of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Tedey
                     



                  ; a cloth coat, value 2s. a pair of corderoy breeches, value 6d. a linen waistcoat, value 6d. a linen shirt, value 1s. three muslin neck-handkerchiefs, value 9d. two muslin stocks, value 6d. and a pair of thread and cotton stockings, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Payne
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   CLEMENTS
               



             sworn. - I am a shoemaker, No. 10, Little Suffolk-street, Haymarket


: I had six young men lodged with me, 
               
                  Charles
                   Tedey
               



             was one; 
               
                  Joseph
                   Payne
               



             had lodged with me, and had left his box with me, I don't know what was in it; I let the shop, which is a chandler's-shop, and the side-door always stands open; I keep the first floor for myself and family, I work up two pair of stairs; Tedey and Payne slept in the back garret, in the same bed: On the 10th of January, between two and three in the afternoon, my room-door was shut, I was at work, and I heard some person coming down, and I heard something knock against the bannisters; I opened the door, and saw the prisoner coming down the garret stairs, with a leather trunk under one arm, and a bundle in the other hand, I had never seen him before; I went up stairs to the back garret, and found the dooropen, I had locked it myself about two hours before; I missed the trunk out of the room, and Tedey's great coat off the bed; I immediately went down stairs, and saw him just turning into Whitcomb-street, he was shuffling on as quick as he could; I followed him, and saw him turn into Princes-court, which is no thorough fare, and there I lost sight of him, I did not see which house he went into; I went and got a constable, and we learned that he was gone into the first house on the left-hand side, and we went in up one pair of stairs, it was a sort of a lodging-room, with a bed in it; the first thing that I saw in the room was the leather trunk, it stood upon a table, the prisoner was lying upon the bed covered up with the bed-clothes, and the bundle covered up with him; he was then secured.
Q. Are you sure the man you found under the bed-clothes was the man you saw coming down stairs with the trunk and bundle? - A. I am positive sure of it.
 - ALLEN sworn. - I am a constable, I was sent for to apprehend the prisoner; I went with Mr. Clements to a house in Princes-court, Whitcomb-street, the street-door was open; a young woman was coming down stairs, I pushed past her and went into the room up one pair of stairs; I saw the trunk upon the table, I did not see any body in the room, but I felt upon the bed, and found the prisoner covered up, and a bundle, which I have here; I took him off the bed, and searched him, and in his pocket I found these keys, (producing them); there are some of them picklocks, and a little chissel, they were loose in his pocket. (Produces the property).


                  ELIZABETH
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 1, Princes-court, I was very ill, and laid down upon the bed when the prisoner came in; I heard a great noise of people, I immediately jumped off the bed and went down stairs into the court, and saw a vast quantity of people; he had just got into the room as the people were coming up stairs; he brought a trunk and a bundle with him.


                  CHARLES
                   TEDEY
               



             sworn. - I was second groom to Lord Grenville, I had left him about ten weeks when this happened; I lodged at Mr. Clements', in the back garret; I had a trunk there, and a great coat, a frock, and a waistcoat; the great coat and the frock and waistcoat were upon the bed when I went out of the room about nine o'clock in the morning; the trunk contained wearing apparel, some of them with my name marked on them.


                  JOSEPH
                   PAYNE
               



             sworn. - I lodged at Clements', I left him about three days before this happened; I lodged in the back garret along with the last witness, I had left some things in a box in the room.(The things were deposed to by Tedey and Payne).
Prisoner's defence. I have nothing at all to say.
The prisoner called one witness, who had known him three years ago, and gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr.Baron THOMPSON.
