





51. 
               
                  
                     SIMON 
                     SOLOMONS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of January
, twenty-five yards of Irish linen, value 20 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Nelson
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  THOMAS
                   NELSON
               



             sworn.
I am a mercer and linen-draper
, in St. Botolph, Bishopsgate-street Without


: on the morning of the 5th of January, on a Thursday, a little before half after seven, I had taken down the front shop, and I was unscrewing the shutters of the other, the back shop, and I heard a noise, and looked round and saw the prisoner on the threshold of the door, going out; I immediately cried out, stop thief! and pursued him, and did not lose sight of him until I had secured him and brought him back; the piece was dropt at the door; I saw it laying on the footway as I was going out after him; I let it lie there, and followed him, and when I came back I saw it in the hands of 
               
                  John
                   Dowsy
               



            ; I saw nobody there but the prisoner nigh where the cloth lay, and it was not above three feet from the door.
Mr. Knapp, Prisoner's Counsel. Where is your shop situated? - In Bishopsgate-street Without.
Have you any partner? - No.
How many persons might there be in the shop? - None, except myself.
Is it a large shop? - No.
You have shopmen, I presume? - I have a man and a boy; but at this time the man was getting his hair dressed, and the boywas doing his ordinary work, cleaning knives and shoes.
Had not the man or boy been in the shop before you that morning? - No, I was the first in the shop.
Did you observe any thing when you turned your head? - The first thing I observed was the prisoner at the threshold of the door.
You said you heard something drawing across the counter, I want to know whether you saw any thing? - I saw nothing but the prisoner on the threshold of the door.
I think, if you heard somebody drawing something off the counter, you would naturally look round? - That caused me to look round.
And what did you see? - I saw the prisoner at the threshold of the door.
At the same instant you saw the prisoner at the door you saw linen on the threshold? - No, I did not see the linen till I came out.
Had there been any body in the shop in the course of the morning before? - No one, because I had opened every door myself.
Had you opened any Irish? - No, none at all.
Then it was packed up? - It was; it was not left open, it was bound up with paper on the outside of it.
Probably you bought a greater quantity than that? - The day before I bought two pieces.
Had it been opened at all since it was bought? - It was opened the day before, to see what it contained.
It had not been opened that morning? - No.
Then what it might contain in the morning you only suppose from measuring the night before; was there any mark on it how many yards it contained? - There is the mark on it now.
And you put the mark there? - I marked my own private mark on it.
Did you mark how many yards it contained? - This piece of Irish, which was stolen, is one that had been dyed, and afterwards calendered, and it is the business of the calenderer to mark the quantity of the yards on it which it contains.
Court. You do not mean to say that you yourself the night before had observed any mark upon it; you cannot swear to it? - Yes, there is my own private mark upon it.
Mr. Knapp. The first that you saw of it, after you came out of the shop, was on the pavement? - It was.


                  JOHN
                   DOWSEY
               



             sworn.
I am a silk weaver; on the 5th of this month, Thursday, I was going by the prosecutor's door, about twenty minutes past seven in the morning; I observed the prisoner at the bar coming out of the shop of Mr. Nelson with a piece of goods under his arm; and when he was at the threshold of the door, Mr. Nelson cried out, stop thief! when the prisoner got about a yard off from the threshold, I saw him let fall the goods, and I picked them up, and gave them to the prosecutor immediately, and he delivered them to the constable.
Mr. Knapp. Did you know the prisoner before? - No, never saw him before, as I know of.
You said you should not know the piece of goods again? - I should know the same piece I saw before the Lord-Mayor, but whether it was the same as was dropped I cannot take upon me to say.


                  THOMAS
                   SAPWELL
               



             sworn.
I produce a piece of brown Irish; I got it from the prosecutor, Mr. Nelson, and have kept it ever since.
(Deposed to by Mr. Nelson by his own private mark; it is worth twenty shillings.)
Mr. Knapp. Have you had a bill delivered? - I have.
You told me you bought two pieces? - I did.
Were they the same quantity? - I do not know exactly.
Have you the same mark on that at home? - Yes.

You received this from the witness? - I did.
Will you take upon you to swear that this may not be the other piece which you have at home? - Most certainly I will.
Court. Have you kept that piece which the witness Dowsey gave you to this time to bring it here? - I gave it to the constable immediately.
It hath had no connection with this piece? - No, never; that has been up stairs ever since.
With regard to that piece, had you only seen it the night before, or had you seen it that morning? - I had seen it on the counter that morning.
(Deposed to.)




               GUILTY of stealing, but not privily
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


