





49. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CRAGGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Woodcock
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of seven in the night, on the 20th of December
 last, and burglariously stealing therein three clasp knives, value 9 s. the goods of the said 
                     
                        Joseph
                         Woodcock
                     



.



                  JOSEPH
                   WOODCOCK
               



             sworn.
I live in Drury-lane


; I am a cutler
; about the 20th of December, about half past seven, I was sitting in a room adjoining a shop; a woman told me, Mr. Woodcock, there is certainly somebody at your window; I got up, and saw a division in the box which was within the window, and I thought I saw at the same time something drawing out, either an instrument or a knife, and I heard a noise of the glass of the window; I opened the door, and observed the prisoner and two more standing against the place which was broke open; they went off; I called to two men to mind the shop, and on going out I found them got about 300 yards, and I followed them, and when they got to the end of the street they almost immediately crossed between two drays; I got on the pavement almost as soon as them, and this Craggs had one of the knives naked in his hand; I took hold of his hand, and says I, you have got more than what is your own; we got to a baker's shop door; I twisted him about into the passage of the baker's shop, and there were three people in the shop; the other two went off; I said to the baker, Mr. Hubbard, I will be obliged to you to let me stop this man while I send for a constable; I took the knife out of his hand; a constable came, and searched him, but found nothing on him but a duplicate; when I came home, I found another knife gone from the box, which was found in the area; and several other things were missing; the constable has the knife which was taken from the prisoner.


                  EDWARD
                   TREADWAY
               



             sworn.
I produce the knife delivered to me by Mr. Woodcock.
(Deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been to my aunt's, in St. Martin's lane, and coming up Drury-lane two boys came and asked me whether I would buy a knife; I asked what they wanted for it; they said 8 d. I told them I would give them 6 d. and they said I should have it, and before I could get the money out the gentleman took me directly.
Court. What business are you? - I am a turner; I work at Mr. Pain's, Old Bethlem, No. 12.
Court to Mr. Woodcock. Are you sure that this was one of the three lads that you saw at your window? - I am; I never lost sight of them.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . (Aged 18.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before the Lord CHIEF BARON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


