






602. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BURGESS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HARVEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of June
, a silver watch, value 20s. a steel watch chain, value 12d. a metal seal, value 6d. a metal watch key, value 6d. a half-guinea, and a seven-shilling piece
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jacobs
                  




               
            .
The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.


                  JOHN
                   JACOBS
               



             sworn. - I am a seaman
 belonging to the Endymion; in the latter part of June, I did not know the day, I met the prisoner, Harvey, in Houndsditch, he spoke to me, we walked to the end of Houndsditch together, I had never seen him before; I then went through a church-yard, into Moorfields; as we came in front of Bedlam, there was a book lying on the ground; I did not see him drop it; I saw him stooping to pick up something; I did not know what it was at that time; I then saw it was a book; he said, I have found something; it was a pocket-book with a black cover; he said, he would put it in his pocket till he got to a convenient place to look at it,for fear any body should take it from him; after that we walked over to the fields near the Rosemary-branch, near the lead-mills.
Court. Q. How came you to walk with him as he was a stranger to you? - A. I had nothing to do, I was upon levity that day, and I did not care where I went; he took me over the bank into the fields, and when we got into the fields and he pulled out the book, he shewed me a receipt, and said, he could not read, but if I could read, I should look at the receipt; accordingly I took the receipt, and looked at it; I remember there was the name of Jones at the bottom, and a stamp; I had only read part of it, when the other prisoner came up, Burgess.
Q. Had you ever seen Burgess before? - A. Never; when he came up, he wanted to know our names, and what we did in the field; he took out a pocket-book, and said, he would make me suffer for trespassing on his ground; Harvey made him an answer, and said, do not be in a passion, we have found something, I will thank you to look at it; I said, I was an entire stranger, and if I had done any thing wrong in the fields, I was very sorry for it, and Burgess took the receipt, and said it was of considerable value, if the property was in the book; he then opened a book, and took out a square buckle, set with stones, wrapped up in cotton, with a piece of purple ribbon on it; he said, it was worth a considerable fight of money, and that his share-was eighty-guineas: after that Burgess asked the other man whether he could pay me eighty guineas; he said, no he could not, but he had an uncle a little distance off that would advance him the money; Harvey left me then, and went to a row of houses, but he went at the back of them, so that I could not see whether he went into one of them or not; Burgess staid with me till Harvey returned, which was in about a quarter of an hour; he said his uncle was gone into the city, and he could not get the money at that time; then Burgess made reply, and said, he would settle it; then Burgess took out three papers; he said, they were 10l. notes, but I was not curious enough to look at them; they had the appearance of Banknotes; then Burgess said to Harvey, I give this to you, which is 30l. and he said, the young man, meaning me, must give me his watch, and what money he has, and he was to keep the pocket-book, and that was to secure us all; I gave my watch and money into Burgess's hands, it was a silver watch, with a sleel chain, a seal, and two keys, one silver and one brass, a guinea, a half-guinea, and a seven shilling piece; I have never got any of it again; then there was an agreement for us all to meet at three o'clock, at a house near the lead mills; it was then as near as could be about ten o'clock; Burgess pretended to he owner of the lead-mills, and I was to go there, he told me his name, but when I came there, I forgot the name; I went immediately to the house, to enquire who was owner of the lead mills.
Q. Did you find Burgess to be the owner? - A. No.
Q. When did you find Burgess afterwards, or Harvey? - A. As near as I can say, about a fortnight after; I was in St. James's Park, and saw them both at a distance from each other, I had a ship-mate with me; I then went up to Burgess, and took hold of him, and said, he had my watch and money a few days ago; he asked me, what I wanted with him; I told him, I wanted my property from him again; I then said, I would have a constable; Burgess said, do not make any noise, and you shall have your property again. I then desired my shipmate to look after Harvey; and I went with Burgess and Harvey and my shipmate over the bridge to Lambeth, and there I got a constable of the name of Tunnicliffe, and he took them into custody.
Q. Did Burgess make use of any expression when you first saw him? - A. Yes; he said, d-n me, I dreamed, last night, that you would take me.
Q. Are you quite sure they are the men? - A. Quite positive, I knew them directly as I saw them; I saw the constable search them, and I saw two pocket-books taken from Burgess, he endeavoured to shove them under a woman in the public-house.
Q. Did you take notice enough of them, to say whether either of them was the same pocket-book that had been produced to you? - A. I cannot say positively, but I think one of them was the same.
Q. Did you ever see the receipt or the book afterwards? - A. I cannot say I did, only at the Mansion-house, the Lord-Mayor read the receipt, and I saw the buckle.
Q. Who had the buckle at the first meeting? - A. I had, and when we were going to Lambeth, I gave it to Burgess to look at, he asked me to look it, and then he put it in his pocket, and never gave it me again.
Q. Did you, while you had it, enquire the value of it? - A. No, I never did.
Court. Q.What was done with the receipt? - A.They kept the receipt.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are a seaman belonging to the Endymion? - A. Yes.
Q. How long have you been a seaman? - A. Ever since I was fourteen years of age.
Q. And how old are you now? - A. Twenty-six.
Q. You are a native of this country? - A. I am a native of Harwich.
Q. You had been pretty much used to walking in that part of the town? - A. No, I never was there before.

Q.You could read, you have been to school, I take it for granted? - A. Yes.
Q. You have heard of such things as these before? - A. I have heard very little of that kind.
Q. At the time you saw Burgess first, he was stooping to pick up something? - A. Yes.
Q. Upon its being picked up, you thought it was a good thing to have a share of what was picked up? - A. I did not say any thing about it.
Q. Did not you mean to be entitled to your share of it? - A. I thought there was no value in it.
Q. Do you mean to say that you expressed, at the time, that there was no value in it? - A. Yes, I did.
Q.And yet you agreed to take the buckle, and part with your money, though there was no value in it? - A. I said, I dare say there was no value in it.
Q. But when you found it was worth 80 guineas, you thought it would be a very good thing to have that sum? - A. Yes.
Q. And this thing being picked up, clearly not belonging to you, you very honestly meant to have your share of it? - A. Yes.
Q. When Burgess did come up, the pocket-book was in Harvey's hands? - A. Yes.
Q.And then it was that the conversation took place? - A. Yes.
Q. The receipt expressed it to be of considerable value? - A. Yes.
Q. And then Burgess said, naturally enough, if the thing is agreeable to what is stated in the receipt, it is of so much value, and you will be entitled to 80 guineas? - A. yes.
Q. Having parted with your watch and money, and learned that you were entitled to 80 guineas, did not you part with your watch and money voluntarily? - A. I said, again and again, that I did not want any thing to do with it; I certainly did give him my watch and money.


                  WILLIAM
                   TUNNICLIFFE
               



            , sworn - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a constable, at Lambeth: On the 12th of July, a sea-faring man came to me to act as a constable; I went to a public-house where the two prisoners were, Burgess had got some buckles and things in his hands, (produces them); which he was going to shove under a woman that was sitting there; I asked him what he was going to do, and laid hold of his arm, and snatched them away from him: I took three pocket-books from him, and three notes, and a receipt signed 
               
                  John
                   Jones
               



            , (produces them); Burgess told me I had no business to take them to Union-hall; I did not know any better, but I took them there; he said, the business was done in the City; Harvey did not say any thing; I then took them before the Lord-Mayor, and they were committed.
Mr. Knowlys. (To Jacobs.) Look at that receipt, and tell us if you think that is like the receipt that was shewn to you? - A. I can swear that the receipt I looked at had the name of Jones to it, and a stamp, that is all that I can say about it; there is the name of 
               
                  John
                   Jones
               



             to this.
Q. Look at that buckle? - A. I can swear to that buckle.
Q. Look at that pocket-book? - A. It was a common black book like this; I cannot swear to it, but I believe it to be the same.
Mr. Knapp. Q. You can read? - A. Yes.
Q. Then of course you can read that this is a receipt for 280l.? - A. Yes.
Q. Therefore anybody reading it would see it was a receipt for 280l.? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you ever see such a buckle as that before? - A. Yes; I have seen buckles like that in the shop-windows.
Q. Then will you swear that this is the same buckle? - A. I gave it into his hands, and he had no opportunity to drop it afterwards.
Burgess's defence. I am innocent of what I am accused of.
Harvey left his defence to his Counsel.
Burgess, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 78.)
Harvey, GUILTY (Aged 56.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
