





403. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PRICKETT
                  




               
             was indicted for feloniously 


               stealing, on the 30th of May
, a silk handkerchief, value 10d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Maclaurin
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT
                   MACLAURIN
               



             sworn. - I am a mariner
; I had my pocket picked, in Cheapside


, a little before I came to Friday-street; I was walking with a young lady, the prisoner came behind me, and I felt something go out of my left pocket; I was a little surprised, and a gentleman behind me said, he has done you, he has got your handkerchief, upon that I immediately seized the prisoner, and caught my handkerchief in his jacket pocket; we had some struggle, he would not part with the handkerchief, and I did not chuse to lose it; I called the watch, and the watch took us to the watch-house, where I gave charge of him; I never quitted the handkerchief till it was taken from him, and laid upon the table in the watch-house; the prisoner asked, if I had any marks to my handkerchief, I said it was a silk handkerchief, that I knew very well, I knew it immediately; I had no particular mark upon it, any farther than it is a spotted silk handkerchief of the same colour, and answering exactly the same description as that which I lost; I had pulled it out of my pocket in St. Paul's Churchyard to blow my nose upon, the handkerchief was left with the constable.
Prisoner. He was walking with a mere common prostitute in the street, he told me so in the watch house.
Prosecutor. To take off that aspersion, it was a lady of a very different description.
- sworn. - I am in the tea trade; I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief out of the gentleman's pocket, on Tuesday evening last, about eleven o'clock; the gentleman missed it, and I said, he has done you, he had got your handkerchief, he immediately collared the prisoner, and charged him with it, and he found the handkerchief in his jacket pocket, he would not give up the handkerchief till he was taken to the watch-house.


                  WILLIAM
                   SIMMONS
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; when I went into the watch-house, I saw the prisoner, the prosecutor, and the witness; the prosecutor, I think it was, put down a handkerchief upon the table, which I have, (produces it); the prisoner said, upon my word, sir, it is not your handkerchief, I brought it from Madras with me, I have had it two years, pray do examine it, says he, the gentleman says there is no mark upon it, and he said, the gentleman said his was a whole handkerchief, and that this had got holes in it that were wore with his beard, it is not a whole handkerchief, it has some holes in the middle of it.
Q. (To Maclaurin). Do you recollect whether your's had any holes in it or not? - A. No; my handkerchief was whole, the holes, I am persuaded, happened in the scuffle, for he would not part with it till we got to the watch-house; he pulled extremely hard, there was a scuffle all the way to the watch-house; I think it was torn in the scuffle on purpose that I might not know it again.
Prisoner's defence. This gentleman came up to me, and said, I believe you have got my handkerchief, I said, no, sir, I have not; I replied, I had not got but one, and that was in my jacket pocket, and he said, that was his; I would not part with it, nor he would not part with it; he said, his handkerchief was a whole handkerchief, I told him that handkerchief had got holes in it, worn by my beard, it was my own handkerchief.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 29.) 


               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
