





365. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WEBB
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of April
, one guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  Sherland 
                  Swanston
               




            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys).
SHERLAND SWANSTON sworn.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a merchant
, I live in Thames-street


, the prisoner at the bar used to shave me: On the 16th of April, he came at his usual time, about eight o'clock in the morning; in consequence of a suspicion, my son marked some money, the evening before, by my directions, in my presence, and put it into the drawer; I have missed money several times, one time four guineas, and at another, two and a half, and suspicion falling upon him, I had a watch set upon him.
SHERLAND HILL SWANSTON sworn.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am the son of the last witness; by direction of my father, I marked five guineas, on the 15th of February, by a dent on the reverse side, not the head side, about ten minutes before the prisoner came, I saw the five guineas in the desk, the key of the desk was given to me, and I waited in the counting-house till the prisoner rang the bell, till which time nobody was in the room but myself; I concealed myself as soon as the prisoner was left in the hall; while the servant was gone down stairs, I saw him cross the counting-house.
Q. Was that in the way to your father whom he was to shave? - A. No, quite out of the way; where I was I could not see the desk, but I saw him within a foot of it, and passing towards it; I heard the desk unlock, the lock snapped so loud that it was heard up two pair of stairs, I heard money chink, and the desk locked again; I saw the prisoner return from the desk at the same distance that I saw him going to it, and he then went up stairs where my father was waiting to be shaved; I came from the place where I was concealed, and opened the desk, I found a guinea was missing out of the five; I had my father called down stairs, and informed him of it; a constable, and another person in the house, were called up stairs, and I went up with them; the prisoner was searched by the constable, by the direction of my father, in my presence; a kind of skeleton key was found upon him, and oneof the guineas which I had seen in the desk that morning.
Q. Are you able to swear that was one of the marked guineas that you put into the bureau? - A. Yes; the mark was upon it.
Q. When this was taken from him, did the prisoner say or do any thing? - A. He at first denied it, till he found the money was marked; I said, that I knew that to be the guinea; then he entreated to be dismissed; he said, he would go down upon his knees a thousand times if my father would not give him in charge to the constable; my father did give him in charge, and he was committed.
Q. Had you any doubt, when you saw it, that it was one of the guineas? - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You say no person had been in this room? - A. Yes.
Q. How long was it between the time you left the room and the time of ringing the bell? - A. It was instantaneous.
Q. It was not till after you had charged the prisoner, and was going to deliver him over to the constable, that he offered to go upon his knees? - A. No; he denied it at first; and when he found the guinea was identified, he begged not to be delivered over to the constable.


                  DANIEL
                   MUNRO
               



             sworn.
I was in waiting at Mr. Swanston's, I was called up stairs; Mr. Swanston, the elder, was saying to the prisoner, "Joe, you have broke open my desk, and robbed me;" which he absolutely denied; however, they told me to search him; I searched him, and in his waistcoat-pocket, I found a guinea, which Mr. Swanston, junior, immediately knew to he his; in another of his pockets, I found a guinea, a shilling, a sixpence, and a key. I was as much agitated at that time as he was himself; then I found, under his watch in his fob, this key, (producing a pick-lock key). it opened all the four desks.
Q. Did the prisoner say or do any thing after that? - A. No; he begged for mercy, but made no kind of resistance; he behaved as well as a man could do in his situation.
Mr. Sherland Hill Swanston. This is one of the guineas that I marked.
Mr. Knapp. Q. You describe it as a dent? - A. Yes; a hole done with the point of a pocket knife, but not smoothed.
Q. You have, perhaps, marked guineas before in that sort of way? - A. Never.
Q. You marked five at this time? - A. Yes.
Prisoner's defence. The key I certainly confess I had about me; I got the key upon Tower-hill, to open a box that I had lost the key of, I gave ninepence for it; and as to trying Mr. Swanston's desk I did not; I had two guineas about me, one of which he thought proper to own; if he had examined the other guinea, I dare say that would have been marked as much as the other.(The prisoner called five witnesses, who gave him an excellent character).



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
