






268. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     OYENS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a blue cloth coat, value 8s.
             the property of 
               
                  John Henry 
                  Upton
               




            , commonly called Lord Templetown
, of the kingdom of Ireland, March 21
.


                  ROBERT
                   PETERS
               



             sworn.
I live with Lord Templetown; there was a coat lost from the area of Lord Templetown's house, in Portland-place


, on the 21st of March, it was carried there to be brushed; I saw the prisoner come down the steps about eleven o'clock, and did not see him go up again; I did not see the coat in the area, I gave it to my Lord's footman to brush; I can only swear to the coat.


                  JOHN
                   MILLER
               



             sworn.
I live with Lord Delaware, I was behind my master's carriage; I heard the cry of "stop thief," and I leaped from the carriage, and took the prisoner the corner of Mansfield-street, he was running from towards Lord Templetown's house; he dropped the coat just before I got to him, within ten or fifteen yards; he was never out of my sight.
ALEXANDER WALKER sworn.
I am a baker; I picked up a coat on the 21st of March, as I was going along with my basket of bread; I saw the prisoner running as hard as he was able, with a coat under his arm; I caught hold of him and he dropped the coat; but having my basket upon my back, I lost the grip of him, and the last witness took him. (The coat produced in Court).
- BROWN sworn.
I am constable; I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody; that is all I know of it.
Peters. This is my Lord's coat, his name is marked in it.
Prisoner's defence. As I was going across the street, I heard the cry of stop thief; and a great many people were running, and I ran too; I saw the coat lying on the ground, and I picked it up, and gave it to Mr. Walker; he let the man that had the coat run away, and then laid hold of me; I told him that was the man.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
