





513. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BRAZIER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Simmons
                     



                  , about the hour of two in the night, of the 9th of May
, and burglariously stealing therein, a base metal watch, value 1l. 10s. a base metal watch chain, gift with gold, value 3s. a base metal watch seal, gilt with gold, value 1s. a man's cloth coat, value 10s. a tollenet waistcoat, value 3s. a pair of worsted breeches, value 5s. a linen shirt, value 5s. a pair of mens cotton stockings, value 2s. a silk handkerchief, value 1s. the goods and monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Page
                        



.
Indicted in a Second COUNT, for that he, being in the said dwelling house, did steal the same goods, and that afterwards, about the said hour of two in the night, the said dwelling house feloniously did break, to get out.


                  WILLIAM
                   PAGE
               



             sworn.
I am a plaisterer
; I went to Mr. Simmon's, house, he lives in Cross-lane, Long-acre


.
Q. Do you know whether his lodgings were broke open at any time? - I do not; the things lost were my property.
Q. What day were these things missing? - The 19th of July last; they were in a box; I missed them about half after four o'clock in the morning; it was light. I went to lodge at Mr. Simmon's the 17th, that man came to sleep with me the same night, and he helped me to carry my box up stairs that same night, and we went to bed together that same night. On Sunday morning I got up and cleaned myself; the 17th was on a Saturday; on Sunday morning the man was very desirous to look into my box, as I sat up in my bed; I had a pair of buckles in my shoes, and he asked me if they were not silver? I told him they were not, they were a pair of my own making; he said, if I had not told him he should have thought they were silver. I came home that night and found he had been to bed from about eight o'clock; when I awaked the next morning at half after four, I turned about and found he was gone, and I looked under my pillow to see what o'clock it was, and I missed my watchfrom under my head; it had a chain and seal to it; and I looked at my box, and I found all my things were gone out; I lost all the things in the indictment.
Q. Have you ever seen your things again? - Yes, the coat I found on him, and the watch he owned to; I found a pair of gloves in the pocket of the coat, and them I cannot swear to.
Mr. Dowers. Had you known the prisoner before this time? - I never see him before in my life.
Q. Do you know one Leary? - Yes, Leary was a lodger in old Round-court, in the Strand, at one Mr. Goodwin's.
Q. What colour coat was it you lost? - A brown striped, elastic cloth.
Q. It was near four months before you see it again? - Yes.
Q. Did you charge him with it? - I asked him if that was not my coat that he had on his back? - He said, no.
Q. And he then went with you very voluntarily to Bow-street? - No; one of the officers took him.
Q. When you arrived before the magistrate, you was not so clear about the articles in the indictment as you appear to be now? - Yes; I swore to the coat.


                  Q. 
               


            Did not he say that he bought the coat? - Yes, he said he bought the coat in Rosemary-lane.
Q. How soon afterwards did you get an officer? - About half an hour after.
Q. Did he go with you to the officer? - No, I brought the officer to him, and he was conveyed down to Bow-street.
Q. You say that he owned to having stolen the watch? - Yes, he did, in the presence of the officer of Bow-street, and my master.
Q. Upon your oath, I ask you this question, did the officer or you tell him if he would confess it would be better for him, and they would endeavour to interest the magistrate to send him to sea? - I never spoke a word about it to him; he never denied the watch, only the coat. After that, going to the office, he consessed that he had pawned the watch; and in the coach, going down to Clerkenwell Prison, he confessed that he pawned it at Mr. Bechum's, in Holborn.


                  WILLIAM
                   HAWKINS
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to Mr. Bechum, in Holborn; I produce a watch, there is a chain and seals to it. On the 11th day of August last, I took it in pledge for one guinea; I cannot positively say that the prisoner is the man that I received it of, but I believe him to be the man; I gave him a duplicate.
Q. Had you ever seen him before? - Not to my remembrance.
Mr. Dowers. What time of the day was it he came to the shop? - I cannot say, it might be in the evening.


                  WILLIAM
                   COOK
               



             sworn.
I belong to Bow-street; I produce a coat I got from the prisoner, I took it from him at the Red Lion, Cross-lane, Long-acre; he had the coat on; I have kept it ever since; the young man, the prosecutor, said, it belonged to him.
Q. Was it in the presence of the prisoner? - It was.
Q. How came you to go there? - The boy's master came down to me, and told me that he had got the person that stole his apprentice's things.
Q. On his way to Bow-street, or in any conversation at Bow-street, was he told that if he confessed to taking the watch and coat, that you would endeavour to prevail on the magistrate to let him got to sea? - Mr. Steward put that question, and after he said he had pawned the watch and lost the duplicate.
Page. This is my coat, I know it by a particular mark, one of the skirts has two slits in the slap; I put it in my box the over night, before I lost it.Mr. Dowers. The coat has been lost near four months; how long have you had it before that? - About six weeks.
Q. The coat is worn since, I suppose? - Yes, very much; I can swear positively to the coat, it is a very remarkable coat.
Court. Was the box left open or locked? - I had left it locked, I found it unlocked; it is a box that the lid falls down on the top, and when I awaked in the morning, I found the lid had fallen in.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who said, he was a shoe-maker, and gave him a character.




               GUILTY, Of stealing the coat only, and not of breaking
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
