





422. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WARREN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of October
, one linen shirt, value 3 s. one cambrick neckcloth, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Rogan
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  JOHN
                   ROGAN
               



             sworn.
I sell muffins about the street
, on the 2d of this month, the corner of Tower-street, Seven-dials


, I lost a shirt and waistcoat out of my pocket, I had them five minutes before; I do not know who took them, I did not see the prisoner there. I never saw them since.


                  THOMAS
                   NEALE
               



             sworn.
On the 2d of October I saw the prisoner between Tower-street and the corner of the Seven Dials. This old gentleman was going by, and I saw this prisoner take out the shirt and neckcloth, and put it into his bosom. I knew the prisoner, and I knew the other; says I, be ashamed, give it him again; he gave me ill language, and made a motion and ran; I lost him, I knew him, and the next morning I saw him, I followed him to a cellar, and fetched the prosecutor; we waited for his coming, I seized him, he said, Oh d - n you, and gave very ill language; then he offered to pay for the shirt, and me for my trouble and lost time, but I secured him.


                  JOHN
                   HAGGETT
               



             sworn.
On the Monday morning I was informed of the robbery, the prisoner offered to pay for it; I said you shall go before the Bench of Justices. D - n my eyes, says he, I do not care for the Bench of Justices nor you either.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I stood at the Dials a considerable time, and the next morning they took me.




               GUILTY, Not privately stealing
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
