





32. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of November
, forty pounds weight of lead, value 5 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Merrick
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   MERRICK
               



             sworn.
I live in Swallow-street, Piccadilly


. On the 13th, my servant called me, and told me he had taken the lead stealers; it was lost off a sky-light; I was called between one and two; I went to the watch-house, and found the prisoner in custody, his father, and brother; the lead was taken to the watch-house; I gave charge of the prisoner.


                  JOHN
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Merrick. The lead was missed from the shop in Grosvenor Mews; I lived there. On the 13th of November, about a quarter past twelve at night, I was called up by the lodger, who said there were people stealing lead; I went on the top of the house, and missed the lead from off the sky-light; I went to the swatch-man; I did not hear any noise myself; I suspected the lead was put into the adjoining house; when I was getting upon the tiles, there was a little fresh dirt; from the sky-light to the next house, is about twelve feet; there is a fixed ladder to the trap-door, and the trap-door was standing wide open; I went down the ladder, and knocked at the door of the prisoner; it was some time before he answered, or before they opened the door; the father of the prisoner wanted to know who was at the door? the watchman told him there was some lead missing; the father opened the door, and said, there was no lead there to his knowledge; the watchman went in, and I stood at the door; the lead was found in a room where the prisoner slept; there are three apartments; the father has two, and the prisoner one; the prisoner was in the room where the lead was found; there was nothing found in the first or second room; the lead was found on entering the door; the watchman found it first; the prisoner was in bed; I had not seen him during our search before; the prisoner said, good God! how did the lead come here; the prisoner had only his coat off; then we took the prisoner to the watch-house, and his father and brother; I went directly, and called my master.
Prisoner to Smith. Which room did he search first? - The father's, which was the first we came to.


                  WILLIAM
                   GENT
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman. Deposed to the same as the last witness.


                  THOMAS
                   HEMMING
               



             sworn.
My lord, I was calling the hour, half past twelve, in New Bond-street: I heard the sound of a rattle, and ran to my partner's assistance: that is Mr. Gent: I went up to the place where the father's apartments were, and found Mr. Smith and Gent on the outside of the door: there was no fastening to hinder my getting in: the father came to the door, and the watchmantold him he had suspicion there was some lead in the apartment; the watchman said, if you know yourself to be honest and clear, open the door: he said, by all means: nothing was found there: I went afterwards to the room where the prisoner was: I do not think it was fastened: he opened the door: he said to me, you are welcome to search any where: just as I came up to the door, I saw him covering something with a rug: I went and took the rug off, and threw it on the foot of his bed: a parcel of lead lay in a wine-basket: I said to my comrades, you need not look any farther; here is the lead: I took it out of the basket, and laid it down on the floor: I asked him how the lead came there? he seemed to hem and hah: he said a man brought it to the step of the door about half an hour before, and asked him to keep it till Monday morning: he was then asked how he could think of taking such a thing into his apartment? he said he did it out of good nature to the man: then we took them all three to the watch-house: I have had the lead ever since: it was before the magistrate: (produces it): he had his coat off, and I think, his stockings and shoes.
Smith. I tried the lead to the sky-light: this is the lead last lost: I nailed it on myself: the heads of the old nails were decayed. (Produces three nails.) I made these nails myself.
Jury. I think you said there was one nail left in the wood? - There was.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming home late on Saturday night: I met a helper on the stair-case, who asked for a coachman? I told him he was not there: then he asked me to let him leave that bundle till Monday? I said, yes, and welcome: he put down the bundle, and I went into the next room to get a tinder box: I had no sooner struck a light, than five or six people came in.
Court to Smith. When had you last seen this lead safe? - The same afternoon, about three o'clock: I made a point of seeing the place every day.
(The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMPSON
               



            .
