





268. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THOMPSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Bosworth
                        




                     
                  , in an open place near the king's highway, on the 18th of April
 last, and putting him in fear, and feloniously taking from his person, and against his will, three half-crowns, four shillings, a halfpenny, and a bad sixpence, his monies
            .


                  JAMES
                   BOSWORTH
               



             sworn.
I was robbed on the 18th of April, in Moorfields


, by 
               
                  William
                   Thompson
               



            , the prisoner at the bar; it was between seven and eight at night; the prisoner was going by Mr. Nutt's door, in Old Bethlem; I was coming down the steps; he accosted me by the name of Jem, apparently very drunk; he had been, he said, to Wapping, among some friends, and they had cut him up, which I very readily agreed to thinking he was drunk; he said he lived in Fore-street; I told him I would see him to Spinning-wheel-alley, and then he might lay hold of the rails, and get home safe; when we had got into Moorfields, I said now, good man, you are safe, I will leave you; he held very fast by me, and said no, d - n his e - s, you shall go and drink with me, which I refused; he held me very fast, rushed up against me, and robbed me; I felt his hand in my pocket; I found the deception; he was not drunk; he had no weapons that I saw; he took from me three half-crowns, four shillings, and a halfpenny; I then said, good God, you have robbed me! there was no other violence, than his rushing very hard against me when he robbed me; I did not perceive it till after he robbed me; when I accused him of robbing me, he laughed at me, and asked me to lend him half-a-crown; I told him no, he had deprived me of my money; he then said, d - n my e - s, I will lend you a guinea, if you want it? I said no, I did not want any of his; he walked on to Fore-street and Red-cross-street; he met a girl with a basket of radishes on her head; he gave the girl a penny, and says, d - n my e - s, Poll, here's a penny to get a glass of gin; and again he said, d - n my e - s, Poll, I have done him; I followed him to Redcross-street, and he turned round and said, if you follow me, and say I have robbed you, I will knock you down; I said you had better not; then he said, d - n my e - s, if you follow me, I will charge you with a constable; he went into Mr. Edwards's shop, and I desired Mr. Edwards to hear me; he then, to my great surprise, charged me with an unnatural crime; some other constables came by, or I should not have been able to manage him, he was soobstropolous; they searched him, and found my money.
Prisoner. Why did not you charge me at the time you felt me rob you? - It was quite dark; I waited for a fair opportunity.


                  JOHN
                   EDWARDS
               



             sworn.
The prosecutor brought the prisoner into my shop on the 18th of April; I live in Barbican; he charged the prisoner with robbing him; I asked him of what? as the prisoner seemed so much intoxicated with liquor, I was afraid to encounter him; I sent for some brother officers; they searched his pockets, and found some money, but what money I cannot tell; after they had done searching him, I was willing to search him myself; and in a waistcoat-pocket, I found a bad six-pence: the prosecutor said that was not all the money he had about him; I put my hand on his cheek, and heard money rattle against his cheek.
Prisoner to Prosecutor. Did I carry you to Mr. Edward's house, or did you carry me? - I did not know Edwards; the prisoner went, and I followed him.


                  WILLIAM
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn.
The prisoner at the bar I heard called at my house; I was not at home; when I came home, I went to Edwards's house, and in the shop I saw the prisoner, and he immediately said take charge of this man as a sodomite; he was very resolute, and I drew my cutlass; and he swore I should take him to the Compter; then the prosecutor charged him of robbing him of three half-crowns, four shillings, and a copper coin: Newman then came in, and we put the hand-cuffs on him, and searched him, and found all the money, except one shilling, which was changed.


                  SIMON
                   STEVENS
               



             sworn.
I produce some money which I took from the prisoner.


                  JOHN
                   NEWMAN
               



             sworn.
I was sent for by Mr. Edwards, after the other officers had searched the prisoner; there was a half-crown missing; I said I would search him; he said, search as you please, but I have no half-crown, or a farthing more about me; I believe the prisoner was sober.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
On the 18th of May, I went across the middle cut of Moorfields. The prosecutor laid hold of my arm, and said, you are very drunk; I said, more is my misfortune; he began to take indecent liberties; he thrust his hand into my breeches. (Here the language of the prisoner became too offensive for the public eye.)




               GUILTY of stealing, but not of the robbery
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.




[Transportation. See summary.]


