





395. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HUGHES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of September
, one silver watch, value 40 s. a steel chain and seal, value 1 s. one half crown piece, and 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Mann
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  JAMES
                   MANN
               



             sworn.
I am a labourer
; on Saturday night I was going from Dartmouth-street to St. James's Park


, between nine and ten o'clock, there were four or five women and a soldier together; the prisoner came up to me and wanted me to go along with her, I refused, and said I was a married man; she unbuttonedmy breeches, and wanted me to be connected with her; during this time she took my property; she was with me about ten minutes. She had hold of me, I tried to get away, I gave her her civil words, and said I was married. I am sure she is the woman, I saw her the next morning. I was very sober, it was star light.


                  THOMAS
                   JENNINGS
               



             sworn.
I went to the prisoner's room, she was in bed, I told her to get up; after that two more women came into the room, she directed them to go with me where the watch was; I went with them, and when I came there I told the young woman I came for the watch. She asked by whose order? one of the girls who went with me said, by order of 
               
                  Mary
                   Hughes
               



            . She then delivered it.


                  JOHN
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I went after the prisoner, I found her in bed, the handkerchief fell off the bed; the prosecutor said it was his. I said, the watch cannot be far off.
(The watch and handkerchief deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never saw the gentleman till that morning, he said I will not hurt you.




               GUILTY, of stealing, not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
