






498. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     VALE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     THURLEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Dixon
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of nine in the night, on the 19th of April
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, one wooden trunk, covered with leather, value 18 d. a silk purse, value 6 d. half a guinea, and twenty shillings, in monies numbered, six shifts, value 12 s. six aprons, value 5 s. a cambrick apron, value 2 s. a silk handkerchief, value 6 d. a lawn ditto, value 6 d. nine muslin handkerchiefs, value 9 s. four caps, value 18 d. one muslinet gown, value 17 s. one callico gown, value 16 s. a dimity ditto, value 13 s. a cotton ditto, value 4 s. a silk cloak, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Stevens
                        



                     
                  , spinster
, in the same dwelling house
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Garrow.)
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  MARY
                   STEVENS
               



             sworn.
I am servant
 to Mr. 
               
                  Charles
                   Dixon
               



            , the corner of Charter-house-street


. On the 19th of April, between eleven and twelve in the forenoon, I left the casement of the garret fastened with an iron catch; nobody else had been in that garret that day, that I know of; nobody else had any business; no other servants: I went up a little after nine, to put two children to bed; I took up a candle; it was quite dark; I observed the window open, and the trunk gone, which was the side of the window in the garret; the trunk was in the same window that was broke open; on my giving an alarm, in about a quarter of an hour, some persons were brought in custody; I did not go into the empty house which there was next door; when the garret window is open, there is a lead gutter, and a wall above the gutter.
Mr. Knowlys, Prisoner's Counsel. Is your master a married man? - Yes.
Can you be precise to the particular time you went up stairs? - It was after nine, I suppose about a quarter of an hour; or it may be more.
What do you know about the time? - Because I was in the shop; and I asked my mistress if I should put the children to bed; and she asked what it was o'clock; and I looked at the clock; and I said it was past nine.

Do the children play in your room? - No.
Have you a curtain to your window? - Yes, I have; it was drawn about half way up at noon; and at night it was tied up.
You could not, of course, perhaps, see very well beyond the stair-case, without the candle? - But there was some day-light.
If you had been looking through the window: you do not mean, to be sure, that it might not be light enough out of doors, for you to see the face of any body you knew; you might have distinguished the face of a person who was looking in at the out-side of the window? - If I had a candle, I might.
Suppose now for instance, the servant at the next house was peeping in at the outside of the window, coming along the leads, could not you have distinguished his face without a candle? - I will not be sure I could not.
Your mistress occasionally visits your room? - No.
She may go up if she pleases? - Yes.


                  CHARLES
                   DIXON
               



             sworn.
The prosecutrix is my servant. On the 19th of April, I was shutting up my shop; and she came down and said the window was open; and she had lost her trunk out of the garret: I immediately went round and spoke to 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Rany
               



            , a woman that sells greens, and desired her to give an eye to the door of the empty house: I fetched 
               
                  Mary
                   Stevens
               



            , and sent her over to the butcher's to get assistance to search the empty house: I went into Charter-house-street; I went opposite the door of the empty house a few minutes; and I saw 
               
                  Samuel
                   Thurley
               



            , the prisoner, come out of the empty house; I had not made any alarm then.
How near was you to the door when he came out? - Within four or five yards; I stood facing the empty house door.
Had you an opportunity of seeing him come out? - I collared him as soon as I saw him, right opposite the door; a scuffle insued, and I threw him right down in the middle of the street; I caught hold of the skirt of his coat; I heard his coat rend just like rending a piece of cloth; he slipped from me; and I saw him either stopped or hindred, at the Red Cow, opposite my house; I could see the appearance of him; after that, I lost sight of him, I suppose, five or six minutes; I went immediately to the empty house to secure the property: I got some persons to wait at the door: I went to see after the prisoner down Long-lane; and when I returned, the two prisoners were in custody of 
               
                  Peter
                   Smith
               



             and 
               
                  Robert
                   Wilson
               



            ; I did not know Thurley again from his features; but I particularly felt at his coat, but did not perceive it was torn then.
Did you at any time examine his coat, to see if it was rent? - I did, at the Compter, the same night; he never was out of their custody; his coat was rent across the flap, in the main cloth.
Have you any doubt that he is the man you had the scuffle with? - Not the least doubt in the world: then I got a ladder and got over the party wall, into the empty house; the street door was shut after he got away from me; I put my hand against it, and found it fast; we found it within-side, on the spring bolt to the lock, that would open with a key; I saw the trunk found; I was in the passage of the empty house: the trunk was brought to me by Wilson, when I was in the passage.
Was it dark or light? - It was darkish; it must be dark; it was a dark evening.
Was it dark or day-light? - It could not be expected to be day-light at that time in the evening.
Was it night? - It was not; it was dark.
Could you have made out the face of a man, without the assistance of a candle, of some other artificial light? - No, I could not.
Have you any other servant that has access to your garret but her? - No.
Have you any partner in the business? - No.
You rent the whole house yourself? - Yes.

I take it for granted, you was not in your maid's room that day? - I was not.
She has told us she was not there later than twelve; therefore how long this window had been open, you cannot possibly say? - No.
You seemed at first of all to say that it was darkish, which led me to conclude you did not mean to say it was quite dark? - It was a darkish evening, as we may call it.
If you had seen any of your neighbours on the outside of the door, could you have distinguished their faces? - I do not think I could, without I had been close to them; if I had been close to him, I certainly could have known his face.
Was there light enough for you to distinguish his features? - There certainly was before that time.


                  FRANCIS
                   CAMPION
               



             sworn.
I live in Cloth-fair: I am a butcher, a neighbour of Mr. Dixon; when he gave the alarm, it was a quarter past nine.
Was it dark or light? - Quite dark.
Not any day-light left? - Not any; when he gave the alarm, I was at his door; I did not see him, though he was close to me; I knew his voice; I heard somebody run; they made to the wall of the window; I saw a young man; and I happened to lay hold of him; but he disengaged himself from me, and ran across Long-lane.
Did the person run from the way of the empty house? - Yes; I had a good right to believe so, though I did not see; he crossed Long-lane; and at that instant a coach came by, and I lost sight of him for about a minute; I ran across the way; I happened to turn the same way, which was Middle-street; and in the ruins of some houses lately fallen down, he was taken; I did not see him taken; we were not apart a minute: he was stopped by 
               
                  Peter
                   Smith
               



            .
Is the man that was stopped by you, the man that you had been pursuing? - I believe he is.
Did you see the coat torn? - I did not.


                  PETER
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I live in Long-lane: I am a cord-wainer. I pursued on the 19th of April, on an alarm; I began the pursuit in Middle-street, Cloth-fair: I saw a butcher's man running, and the two men; they called out stop thief! I stopped one by the house that is tumbled down in Cloth-fair; the man that I took hold of, is the man that 
               
                  Robert
                   Wilson
               



             the butcher's man was pursuing; there was no other person; that was this young fellow here, Thurley: Mr. Campion came up directly; as soon as I had secured him, I took him away to the Compter: I did not see Mr. Dixon examine his coat.


                  ELIZABETH
                   RANY
               



             sworn.
I sell garden-stuff: I live by Mr. Dixon; he desired me to watch the empty house, on the latter end of April; I kept an eye upon it; I saw nobody come out; only one man pushed against the door, and went away: I did not know what Mr. Dixon's meaning was in bidding me mind the door: after he went away, Mr. Dixon came up and asked me; I told him; I followed him up to the empty house door; and while we were talking, directly the two men flew out of the house: Mr. Dixon knocked one of them down in the kennel; they both ran away; I cannot swear to either of them; one of them had a red waistcoat on.
Was it dark or light? - Oh, Sir, it was a quarter after nine; and I was rather frightened.
Had candles been lighted? - Yes.
It was what you call night? - Yes.
There was no day-light left? - No.
Then how came you to say that one of them had a red waistcoat on? - I saw that.


                  ROBERT
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I live at Mr. Campion's, in Cloth-fair: I am a butcher. Mr. Dixon's maid came to our house, and desired me to go to her assistance, somebody had stolen all her clothes; that was a quarter past nine, quite dark; just as they got from the door, I saw Vale jump from the top of the door; whether the door was open or shut, I do not know; I immediately pursued after him.

Did he run? - Yes.
How far did you pursue him? - Two hundred yards, to the top of Middle-street; I lost sight of him only turning the corner from our house; I took him in a minute and a half, or two minutes.
Are you sure the man you took on the ruins, was the same man you saw jump from the steps? - Yes; that is the same man; he laid down in the ruins; I took him by the collar, and pulled him up; I asked him how he came to do the fact? he said, what did I mean? I brought him back to Mr. Dixon's; I left him: me and another young chap went to the place, and within a few yards of that place, where I took him, I found a dark lanthorn; and a little further, we found a match and tinder-box in the way that he had ran, from the empty house to the ruins; and a little farther than that, we found a man's shoe and buckle, and gave them to the constable: the prisoner had no hat, nor shoes, nor buckles, when I took him; it might be fifty yards or nearer to the empty house.
Was any thing else found in your presence? - I found nothing else, nor saw any thing else found.
What sort of a waistcoat had this man on when you took him? - A red waistcoat; I did not go to the empty house, after I went to the other: I did not see Mr. Dixon examine the coat of Thurley.


                  WILLIAM
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I live in Little Britain. I went with Mr. Dixon through his house, and over a wall, into the passage in the empty house; I went into the parlour; I saw nobody there; I went into the passage, and found a trunk reared up on one end, about two yards from the street door, and a person left there on the out-side, attending it; I found nothing else.
Mr. Garrow to Mr. Dixon. What did you do with the trunk, after it was delivered to you by the last witness? - I took it and handed it over the wall in the empty house, into our own yard, in the state in which I found it; it was shewn to the witness Stevens.
Who has had the custody of it since? - She examined the trunk, and said it was her property; it was left all night in my shop, but in her custody; and the next morning it was taken before the Alderman; it has been since in my custody, or her's, ever since.
Did you examine: can a person pass from the empty house to your garret? - Very easy.


                  HENRY
                   CROSWELL
               



             sworn.
I first saw the prisoner Thurley at Woodstreet Compter. I did not see Mr. Dixon examine his coat when he came in; next morning his coat was torn in the shirt behind.
(The things deposed to by Mary Stevens.)


                  Mary
                   Stevens
               



            . The box was locked when it was lost, and brought back fast; I unlocked it with the key which I have in my pocket; here is two petticoats, a dimity and a cotton one.
Court. What is the value of that? - The dimity petticoat, three shillings, the cotton petticoat, one shilling, seven muslin handkerchiefs, one shilling.
Do you mean one shilling each? - No, one shilling all.
Mr. Garrow. Are all the things in the box worth thirty-nine shillings? - Yes.
How much are they worth? - I do not know, I am sure; here is half a guinea in gold, and one pound and six-pence in silver.
(
               
                  William
                   Wilson
               



             called again.)
These articles were delivered to me before the magistrate; part of those that were taken in the box; a muslinet gown, a shoe and buckle, and the tinder-box, a phosphorus box, and a match: here is a pane of glass which was delivered to me by Mr. Dixon.
Mr. Dixon. I found this in the pent house on the other side of the leads; it was taken out of my window; it laid on the parapet near the gutter.

Court to 
               
                  Mary
                   Stevens
               



            . When you was up in the former part of the day, was that pane of glass out? - No, it was not.
Wilson. It was taken out intirely; I did not perceive whether the lead was raised.


                  JOHN
                   WHISTLER
               



             sworn.
I am a labourer: I was employed at the empty house, next door to Mr. Dixon; I left work on the 19th of April, at half past six; I double locked the street door; it goes with a spring; I took away the key in my pocket; the yard door had two bolts; I searched the place from top to bottom: and the out-side and all; and nobody was in the house.
The prisoner Thurley called four witnesses who gave him a good character.
Prisoner Vale. I have no witnesses: I was coming up Long-lane, and heard the cry of stop thief! I ran to Cloth-fair; and the houses had falled down that day: and the mob shoved me among the ruins; and that man laid hold of me, and dragged me along; and I lost my shoes; coming along, Wilson said he should get forty pounds by me.
Court to Wilson. Did you say any thing about a reward to the prisoner? - Nothing, my lord.


                  WILLIAM
                   VALE
               



             (aged 23) 
               
                  SAMUEL
                   THURLEY
               



             (aged 17)




               GUILTY
            ,
But not of the burglary.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
