





331. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     PATTERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of April
, a linen frock, value 4d. a flannel petticoat, value 3d. a stuff petticoat, value 3d. a linen shift, value 2d. and a cotton pin-cloth, value 1d.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Hadley
               




            .


                  JAMES
                   HADLEY
               



             sworn. - I keep the tap of a public-house
 in Drury-lane


: I missed my child from the door, about eight o'clock in the evening of last Wednesday; I enquired all over the neighbourhood and could get no intelligence.
Q. What age was the child? - A.Turned of five years; my sister got intelligence of it, she is here.


                  SAMUEL
                   BROWN
               



             sworn. - I am servant to a pawnbroker, in Broad-street, Bloomsbury: The prisoner at the bar came in to pledge a picture, leading the child in her hand; I told her it would not do for any thing; I saw her, about five minutes after, going into one of the boxes of the private door, I did not see the child then, and as I was going up stairs again, I saw the child standing quite naked at the back-door; I took the child to St. Giles's workhouse.
Q. Can you say it was the same child that was brought in by the prisoner to your shop? - A. I cannot; the aunt of the child came the next morning to enquire after it, after I had come back from carrying the child to the workhouse; in about ten minutes, the prisoner at the bar brought in the child's cloaths to pledge, and we stopped her, and took her to St. Giles's workhouse, where the child was. (Produces the property).


                  JANE
                   PARROT
               



             sworn. - I am sister to the prosecutor: I searched after the child, and found her at the workhouse, about half past ten o'clock the same night, I brought the child home the next day; these articles that the pawnbroker has produced, are the cloaths that the child had on; the stockings are knit, which is a very uncommon thing for such a child; the other things are not marked, but are exactly the same as what the child had on when she was lost.
Prisoner's defence. I was in liquor, I do not remember to have seen the child at all.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 19.)
The Court immediately pronounced sentence of 


               transportation for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
