





497. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BROWN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September
, four lawn handkerchiefs, value 7 s. 6 d. and other goods
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Procter
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Brownlow
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   BROWNLOW
               



             sworn.
I am in partnership with 
               
                  Joseph
                   Procter
               



            ; the things were found in the prisoner's box, in our house, he was our porter
; I missed one particular piece, which determined me to search, and I found the articles specified in the indictment; he opened the box himself, it was in a garret where some of the servants boxes were; I delivered them to the constable; he had lived with me near about eighteen months, and he went away; he behaved so well that we took him in again; he has goods booked to him, we never refused him credit; I remember Mr. Mills having words with the prisoner; if he wanted any thing for his own wear they would have been put down; he once asked my leave to take some gowns to shew to a friend, one was kept, it was booked to his account; some of the goods found in his box were in the shop the day before, and I know they are not entered in his name as sold to him; I called all the servants in my house, and told them I had suspicion of some goods being stolen, and desired to search their boxes; they all said yes.


                  HENRY
                   MILLS
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to Procter and Brownlow; on the 27th of September Mr. Brownlow called upon us, and said he missed a piece of goods, and wished to search our boxes; we went up stairs and opened our boxes in the prisoner's presence; we found a variety of handkerchiefs, shawls, &c. in his box; they were delivered to the constable; he said he had lost the key of his box, then he and I broke open his box; we all agreed to have our boxes searched; I was not on very good terms with the prisoner; I had no malice against him; I never said I would ruin him, or that I would do for him.
- GREEN sworn.
I am constable of St. Bride's; I producethese things, I had them of Mr. Brownlow, the corner of Water-lane, Fleet-street


. (Deposed to by the prosecutor).


                  JOHN
                   SCRIVEN
               



             sworn.
This matter happened about three months after I lived in Mr. Brownlow's service.


                  SARAH
                   PAGE
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Brownlow; I know Mr. Mills and the prisoner, they have had words, as all other servants do, but I never heard Mr. Mills say he would be d - d if he did not do for him.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


