





581. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STYMATZ
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of June
 last, two linen bed curtains, value 2 s. three valances, value 4 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Adam 
                     Stymatz
                  




               
            .


                  ADAM
                   STYMATZ
               



             sworn.
I lost the things in the indictment, from a drawer, on the 29th of June; I saw them in the morning, and at night I discovered they were gone; I desired my landlord to stop any person with a bundle. The prisoner is my own son; he has robbed me several times; I am very sorry to appear against him: I cannot help it; he has always been robbing of me; I cannot say that the drawer was locked.


                  THOMAS
                   ANERET
               



             sworn.
I ran after the prisoner, and stopped him with a bundle; when his father came home, the bundle was opened, and contained the things; he rather objected to come back.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was in want of money, and I worked with my father.
Court to Prosecutor. What is your business? - A cabinet-maker and joiner
.
Did your son work with you? - Yes, I told him he was old enough; he could get his bread himself; I work very hard, and he always laid upon me; I have another child eight years old, at nurse, that is a cripple; and I am forced to pay eight shillings a week for her.
Did your son in fact work for you? - Not much; he went out when he liked.
When he worked for you, did you allow him any thing for his work? - I gave him victuals and drink, and bought him clothes,and gave him six-pence to spend of a Sunday.
GUILTY.




               Recommended to mercy
            .
Court to Jury. I believe the best thing that can be done, both for him and his father, is to send him abroad.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
