







624. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     POCOCK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bagshaw
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of one in the night, on the 17th of August

 last, and burglariously stealing therein, nine pair of silk stockings, value 3 l. 10 s. eighteen pair of thread stockings, value 3 l. 12 s. fourteen pair of cotton ditto, value 3 l. 12 s. two pair of silk and cotton ditto, value 9 s. and seventy-two copper farthings, value 18 d. and twelve shillings in monies
            , his property.
And 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     WATSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 18th of August

 last, one pair of silk stockings, value 11 s. a pair of thread ditto, value 4 s. 6 d. a pair of silk and cotton ditto, value 5 s. 3 d. parcel of the afore-mentioned goods, knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  JOHN
                   BAGSHAW
               



             sworn.
I live in Great Turnstile, in the parish of St. Giles's in the Fields



: my shop was broke open. I should tell you, that on Monday, the 16th of August, the prisoner Pocock came to my shop, and desired to see some coloured silk stockings; I shewed him a bundle in a blue paper; he looked at them, and did not approve of them; I shewed him another sort of silk and cotton, those were not the sort he wanted; he said the stockings were for a friend of his that was in the country, that would be in town in two or three days, and he would bring him; he appeared to me to be very weak and low, and very faint in his voice; and I took a good deal of notice of his person; I put the stockings back to the place, after he went out; on the Wednesday following, in the morning, about six o'clock, I was called out of bed; when I came down, I found the street door open, the shutter wrenched, two panes of glass broke, and the stile that parted the panes of glass, wrenched out; the last inside shutter of my shop was taken down; and I observed a number of bundles of stockings taken out of their places; I went into the shop; and I had locked in my till about twelve shillings in silver, two shillings and nine-pence in farthings, and two Birmingham halfpence; they were gone; taking a farther survey, I found the paper containing three pair of coloured silk stockings, without any thing in it; that was the paper I had shewn him first; this brought to my recollection immediately, the person of the prisoner, who I had shewed the stockings to; in consequence of that, I had a strong suspicion that he was the man that was guilty of the robbery. Between nine and ten in the morning, I went to Bow-street, and gave information, and described the person of the prisoner, and his dress; and the same morning we took the prisoner; Macmanus knew him, and we took him in Round-court, in the Strand, where he lived; he was in bed in his room; we found three pair of stockings, two pair by the side of his bed, loose, without any paper, and one pair was taken out of a drawer at the foot of his bed; I did not see them found; they did not appear to have been worn, or dirty, or soiled; as soon as the stockings were found, they were shewn to me; I was pretty clear in my own mind, that they were mine; and I found some farthings and two Birmingham halfpence; I do not know the particular number of farthings; there were two Birmingham halfpence in the till; I cannot swear to them, nor the farthings; I have a sample of the farthings in the pocket. Mr. Jealous has two pair, and Mr. Shallard has one pair of stockings: different people found them; Shallard and Jealous were both with me.

Mr. Knowlys, Prisoner's Counsel. You were not alarmed till six? - I was not.
It was the middle of August? - The 18th.
At that time it is light before four? - I do not know; it may be.


                  MARGARET
                   DYKES
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Bagshaw: his house was broke open the 18th of August, about a quarter past two in the morning: I heard the door wrenched open; I slept in the kitchen, one story below the shop, directly under the shop; I heard them go into the parlour, and stop some minutes; there appeared to be three: when the second person came, about five, they took down a shutter: about half after two, they went into the parlour, and then into the shop, and took out the till; I heard the door break open, and I heard a foot step along the passage, before the bolts were unfastened, the bolts of the shop door; I heard them go into the parlour, and stop about ten minutes; the parlour was not directly over my head, but the shop was; they took down one shutter of the shop; the first time they came about a quarter after two; then I heard them go round the counter, and step about the shop, several times; and in about half an hour, I heard some person go out; I heard two persons in the house; the first time, I did not hear them speak; then one person went away; and every ten minutes or so, I heard some person step about the shop, till a little past five.
Do you mean that some one person kept walking about the shop from two o'clock till five in the morning? - Yes.
Are you sure of that? - Yes, I am quite confident of that.
Did you lay towards the street? - It is the kitchen directly under the shop, towards the street; I know it was two o'clock, because, I heard the watchman go half past two soon after; I am sure of that; I knew his voice; I knew him to be the watchman.
Did you hear him go three o'clock? - Yes; I heard both the watchmen go five o'clock; one stands by the corner of Lincoln's-inn-fields; one of the watchmen neglected going half after three; I heard them go every other half hour; one person staid in the house till a little after five; then a second person came; then he went into the shop to the other person; the shutter was down.
The door was broke, and the shutter was down? - Yes; they laid it on the kitchen stairs: the watchman, Welch, goes close by the door; he left his stand that morning, I believe, a little past four.
Does he ever knock at the door? - No, I never observed him do so.
Are there any lamps thereabout? - Yes, one at the corner of our house: when the other man came in at a little past five, they took another shutter down; and one of them made a noise, and the other said, be softly! be softly! I heard that voice, but it was in a loud whisper; I could not be sure of his voice again; then one of them said, do you think there is any thing worth going down in the kitchen for? the other made reply, no, not now, we cannot stay; a third person came to the door, and said, all is well, you may come away now; that was, as near as I can recollect, about ten minutes before six: then Mr. Clark, a neighbour of ours, next door, was opening his kitchen windows, and he put his burner over our kitchen windows; and I alarmed him; I was so terrified, I could not alarm the watchmen; I might, but I was so afraid; I got up directly when I heard them go away, and I found the shutter of the shop on the kitchen stairs; the shutter was wrenched off the upper part of the door, the fastening broke out of the wood; it made a violent noise; I awoke when I heard the noise; the shutter and the glass made some noise.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. You heard every thing distinctly from first to last? - Yes.
With great accuracy? - Yes.
One of these people said to the other be softly? - Yes.
And he said that in a low whisper, not so loud as the people in all corners of the court are talking now? - No, Sir.

That you could hear in the kitchen distinctly? - Yes.
Can you just give me an idea of that tone of voice, was it thus softly (in a soft tone)? - Yes; there was no voices but those of men.
In a whisper? - Yes.
If you had spoke in the same sort of loud whisper to the watchman, do not you think he might have heard you? - Yes; he might possibly have heard me.
But I will tell you what you might have done; you might have crept softly to the window and called watchman (softly)? - Yes; but I thought somebody was over the area window, but there was nobody over the area window when the watchman passed.
When the watchman came his round every thing was very hush? - I did not observe.
Have you a sash window to your kitchen? - No; one is a door, and the other is a casement.
A casement towards Turnstile? - Yes.
And the first time only two people came in? - No, Sir.
Nor at the second time, nor the third person did not appear to come into the house? - No.
So that that person might have been a person passing by, and having nothing to with what passed before? - As far as I know he might.
Did both the watchmen neglect the half past three? - No; our watchman went his round regularly.
How is the shop secured against the passage that leads to the kitchen? - There is no security at all; no door at the top of the stairs; there are shutters from the stairs; the shutters from the passage of a night, when they are put up between the parlour and the shop.
When they were asking whether there was any thing in the kitchen worth coming for, you must have been a good deal frightened? - Yes; they were then apparently to me in the passage.
It was light long enough before they went away? - Yes, it was light, so that I could perceive any thing, at four o'clock.
Do you think, when you first heard the noise, you should have known a man's face? - No, not at first.
The breaking had been completed before the third man came? - Yes.


                  PHILIP
                   WELCH
               



             sworn.
I am watchman. The prisoner and two more passed my box several times in the night of the robbery; the first time I saw him, was at one o'clock; then I saw them again at half after one; I took notice of them; I did not speak to them; I saw all three at two o'clock; at three, I saw the prisoner by himself; then I went up my beat, and he crossed to the door of the George and Blue Boar. I left my lanthorn with the saloop man, and told him I had a suspicion of some people: then I went into Turnstile, the corner of Weston's Park, near Bradshaw's, after three, not quite half an hour: I saw no sign of any breaking, or harm to the shop; I looked at it, and saw the bars and shutters up; the shutter of the door was up, but whether fast, I cannot say; I was not from this door any time, more than a hundred yards, which is the extent of my best from his shop; my stand is the corner of Turnstile.
Court. Is it so far, but what if there had been a violent breaking of windows and doors, you must have heard it? - I heard none: I met the prisoner in Weston's Park, after three o'clock; I said, halloo, my friend, what are you doing? he said, I am going through; I said, you have been often through, and it is time you was at home; he said he was going home: I looked as sharp as I could at the houses; I did not find any house broke open, the shutters being up.
Mr. Knowlys. You were the watchman of this beat? - Yes.
You were on all occasions extremely attentive to your duty? - Yes.
You examine all the doors and shutters - Yes, once a night.
Court. At what time? - At eleven; I thought the shutters and doors were.

Court. What time did you go off your stand? - At five o'clock; I never saw the prisoner before to my knowledge.


                  JOHN
                   HUST
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman in Lincoln's-inn-fields. I remember nothing respecting the 18th of August: but the 17th, between eleven and twelve, the prisoner came to my box, and asked me the way to Clare-market; I thought I saw something I did not like; I answered him rather roughly, and said, damn me, I believe you know the way to Clare-market as well as I do; I have seen the prisoner several times before, but did not know his name; I have seen him in Holborn, and thereabouts.
Mr. Garrow. Did you recollect then that you knew his person? - No; my duty is down Weston Park; I do not come at all into Turnstile.


                  JOHN
                   SHALLARD
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Bow-street. On the 18th of August, I went with Jealous and Carpmeal and Bagshaw to the house of Pocock, in Round-court in the Strand: when we came there, Pocock was in bed, about eleven in the morning: we searched the place, and I found a pair of stockings: I found a bag, but nothing in it.
Bagshaw. I verily believe that is one of the pair of stockings that was contained in the blue paper, where I shewed him the three pair: there is no private mark: I only go on the patent: there is no clock in them: it is a kind of patent stocking: it is not a real patent one.
Did you make that stocking yourself? - No: I bought these stockings, and five other pair, of Mr. Wright, in Milk-street.
Is there any mark in these stockings, by which you can swear to them? - There is no mark by which I can swear to them, any otherwise than I think I can swear to them.
Mr. Garrow. Mr. Wright is a very large dealer? - Yes.
What is the prime cost of these stockings? - Eleven and six-pence, I paid for them.
What is the value of the other two pair that you say was found? - One is worth, at prime cost, four and six-pence, the other pair is worth five and six-pence.


                  CHARLES
                   JEALOUS
               



             sworn.
I found a pair of stockings, and in his waistcoat pocket a quantity of farthings: I believe there are thirty-eight, and two halfpence.
Mr. Garrow. He says the farthings are bad.
(The stockings produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prosecutor. These are a pair of brown thread that I have had in my possession, to the best of my knowledge, four or five years: to swear absolutely to them, I cannot: there is no private mark: I only judge from the pattern of the clock of the stocking: there is something at the top of the stocking that is of an inferior quality to the rest of it, that I think I can almost swear positively they are mine, but I cannot be positive: these are the stockings I have had in my possession, I believe I may say, six years: I know them by the peculiar mixture: I have been in trade for myself for thirty years, and I never, in the course of my knowledge, saw six pair like them.
Mr. Garrow. It might so happen, that a whimsical person might desire to have a pair of a particular pattern? - There was only six pair; I took three pair.
Court. Will you venture to swear these were in your shop the night of the robbery? - I think I can.
Will you swear? - I will swear I had the bundle open on the Monday morning.
Then you swear these were your stockings before the robbery? - To the best of my knowledge and belief, if it was the last word I had to say, I believe these are the stockings.
Will you venture to say these are your stockings? - No, I will not.



                  ALEXANDER
                   CLARK
               



             sworn.
I keep the adjoining house to Mr. Bagshaw, a publick-house; on Wednesday, the 18th of August, at six o'clock, I opened my house; the prosecutor's maid called to me over the iron grating, begging I would go and knock at her master's house, for she believed somebody had broken in, and she was afraid of coming up stairs, believing they were in the house; I immediately went to the door, and discovered the door shut, but not fastened; I pushed it and went in, and found one of the inside shutters open, and the till standing on the end of the counter; I immediately called out, Mr. Bagshaw, and the girl came up stairs, and seemed very happy in being relieved, and Mr. Bagshaw came down; I saw violence had been used to the screw of the shutter that pinned the street door; it was wrenched out, and one of the bars of the sash belonging to the door, and the glass broke; there was not room enough for one person to get in by one pane; I conceive they got in that way; I do not recollect I heard from the girl at that time the circumstances.
Mr. Garrow. The girl believed somebody had broken in? - Yes.
And she believed they were then in the house? - Yes.
Then she did not distinctly tell you, that she had heard one, two, or three persons in the house, and distinctly heard them going away? - No.
Prisoner. I submit my defence to my counsel.
The Jury retired for twenty-eight minutes, and returned with a verdict


                  JOSEPH
                   POCOCK
               






               GUILTY
            

Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings.




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  SARAH
                   WATSON
               





               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
