






637. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ROLFE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SAVAGE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of August
 last, one copper coalscuttle, value 4 s. two copper stew-pans, value 10 s. and a copper quart pot, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Twisden
               




            .
(The witnesses examined apart.)


                  ELIZABETH
                   TWISDEN
               



             sworn.
I am a widow
, No. 3, Great Litchfield-street, Cavendish-square: I am a housekeeper. I lost these things from a house I have in Margaret-street, No. 63


; it was not let then; but I furnished it to be let. On the morning of the 7th, I awaked a little after five; I heard a great noise; I got up and went to the window, and saw a great croud at my house in Margaret-street; I went to that house, and found the kitchen windows and door open, and many people in the house; I found the bars of the kitchen window broke, and the frame of the sash broke, which had been forced and given way; I found a bundle of copper in the kitchen, in a house-cloth, which I knew; and the two prisoners were in custody; there were two other bundles neatly packed up, ready to take away: the house-cloth and the drinking-pot I know to be mine; and I believe the other two articles to be mine, as I missed coppers of that description.



                  WILLIAM
                   ATKINS
               



             sworn.
On the 7th of August, a little after five, I saw the prisoner, 
               
                  James
                   Rolfe
               



            , come over the rails of the area of No. 63, Margaret-street: he walked backwards and forwards two or three times; then he went to Margaret-court, and I lost sight of him for a moment or two; then he came back to the rails, and received a bundle over the rails, from a person inside; I could not discern who that person was; he then went back to Margaret-court; I then went round the houses, to the other end of the court, and met the prisoner; he ran from me, and dropped the bundle; I picked it up, and kept crying, stop thief, and Thomas Soles stopped him; I took him back to the prosecutor's house, and gave the alarm, and while we were at the prosecutor's house there was an alarm of another, which I did not see; I produce the bundle, which I have had ever since.
Prisoner Rolfe. Was not there a man and woman standing against the area rails the same time? - Yes, there was; but they never moved one way or the other.
Which way did they go then? - I do not know.


                  THOMAS
                   SOLES
               



             sworn.
I was at work on the 7th of August, between five and six, in Margaret-street; I heard the cry of stop thief; I ran out; the prisoner, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Rolfe
               



            , came towards me; he was running very fast: I had a little knife in my hand, which I use in my business, and I told him not to come any nearer; Atkins came up with the coppers, and assisted me; I took him; I went back to the house, and saw the kitchen door open, broke, and part of the little window broke.


                  CATHERINE
                   SYMONDS
               



             sworn.
I shut up the house, No. 63, Margaret-street, that, and every night. I know the copper pot; it has my mistress's name on it: as to the other things, my mistress had such things.


                  DAVID
                   WELCH
               



             sworn.
On the 7th of August, coming out of Margaret-court, into Margaret-street, I saw the prisoner Savage getting over the rails of No. 63, Margaret-street: I was about twenty or thirty yards off: I called out, stop thief; it was a little after five in the morning: he was stopped by 
               
                  Archibald
                   Stephens
               



            , in my sight: he had not gone far: I then got over the railing with others, and saw the window had been forced open, and the step of a foot where they got in.


                  ARCHIBALD
                   STEVENS
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner Savage on the morning of the 7th of August, between five and six: I saw Welch after I took the prisoner; I suppose it was about sixty yards from No, 63, in Margaret-street; he was running, and a great many people following him, about twenty yards from him.
PRISONER ROLFE's DEFENCE.
I was in St. Margaret's-court, going to call a young man to go to work, and I saw a man go to these rails, and take something, a little while after I heard the cry of stop thief, and I saw a man turn down the court and run after him; and this man took me.
Court. What way of life are you in? - I was a clerk, but out of bread.
To whom? - I was clerk at the Rotation-office in Litchfield-street, and at the Six Clerks-office in Chancery-lane, and in Fetter-lane.
PRISONER SAVAGE's DEFENCE.
My father keeps jobbing carts and horses and attends Covent-garden; I was going there this morning; and I heard a noise, and they stopped me as I was going along the road.


                  JOHN
                   BEALE
               



             sworn.
I have known Savage above nineteen years; he is a shoe-maker: I am a gentleman that gets my bread by the wine business; in regard I am a man you see in years, but I would do my endeavour to speak a true word; that is what I come about: as faras ever I knew, he always bore a good character; both his father and him before.
The prisoner Savage called one other witness, who gave him a good character.
Jury. Did you find any tools upon them? - No.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before the Lord CHIEF BARON.
