





181. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EATON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of December
, fifty pounds weight of lead, value 12 s. belonging to 
                     
                        Job 
                        Hoare
                     




                  , affixed to a dwelling house of his
            , against the form of the statute.

JOB HOARE sworn.
I am a carpenter
; I have lost a piece of lead; I am building a new house in Church-lane; I cannot say that ever I saw it there.


                  WILLIAM
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am a bricklayer; I did not see the prisoner take the lead; he is a slater by trade; I saw him at work on the same day, on the new house that is building belonging to Mr. Hoare, it was the 29th of December last Saturday; I saw the prisoner slating on the same building that day in the afternoon; at night between six and seven o'clock there was an alarm given that one of my men had stole a piece of lead, in consequence of that I ran out, me and several of us, we were in a public house, to the field were the building was in, in consequence of this I ran after the prisoner and another man that was his labourer; I passed this and ran on to the other, and stopped him and brought him back, and met this, and when I stopped him I asked him what he had got there? he had this piece of lead on his head tied up; I believe it cost about 12 s. I have kept that lead ever since; as soon as I stopped him it was taken off his head immediately; I gave him to the watchman. In going by the building some of the people asked him where he got it from? he said, damn you what is that to you, I bought it; with that his other partner said, no, he did not; this man would not reply any more, and I said immediately when I came to open the lead and look, that it was taken from over the shop house belonging to Mr. Hoare in Skinner's-fields, and immediately I went up to the house and felt, and found it was gone; it was dark, and immediately I gave charge of him to the watchman; I missed the lead from behind the chimney of the back gutter; the watchman took him to the watch-house; I brought the lead the next morning, and fitted it on to the place where it was taken from; it was exactly the quantity and the nail holes and all fitted, and the flap fitted, and what is beat up against the wall the flushing fitted; I have no doubt but it came from the place, the whole piece was taken away, it exactly fits the gutter.
Prisoner. You said that I was at work that day at the building; I never worked at the building in my life.
Court to Prosecutor. Did you go and see if the lead was missing? - I went up on the Monday following.
Prisoner. I was going to my master's to be paid my wages Saturday night; I was going down the London road, and on the road side I saw this lead and picked it up; I said to the young man that was with me, we will take it to the turnpike and see who owns it; I was going down and this gentleman took me and charged the patrole with us.
Court to Prosecutor. Are you satisfied that that man was on the building? - I am satisfied I saw him on the building; I am sure he is a slater.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 26.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
