






559. 
               
                  
                     MATTHEW 
                     MORTON
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for feloniously stealing on the 14th of September
, 25th. of pewter metal, value 18s. 9d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Yates
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   YATES
               



             sworn. - I am a pewterer
 in Shoreditch


; the prisoner had worked for me some months. On the 14th of September he came down to me, and asked me for some pewter to work upon; I went out of town to Leicestershire that very day, and desired my son to keep an eye upon him.


                  EDWARD
                   YATES
               



             sworn. - I went up into a place adjoining where the prisoner worked, nothing but a deal partition parted it; I saw him through a crack let down his breeches, and put a large piece of metal that I have here into his breeches; he was alone at that time; there is only room for one person to work where he was; then he put out his candle, and came down stairs; I watched him out at the door, and called him back into the accompting-house, and sent for an officer, who took the property from him; he also took another piece from under his arm, which I had not seen.


                  JOHN
                   ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn. - I am an officer; I took this piece from under the prisoner's coat, and this from out of his breeches. (Producing them).
Yates. This is exactly the same sort of pewter that we gave him; I suppose that is about the same quantity that was given him; it is what we call our finest metal; it is worth to me nine pence halfpen ny a pound.
Prisoner's defence. What I am indicted for I am guilty of, I hope for the mercy of the Jury.
Court. (To Yates.) Q. How long has he lived with you? - A. Six months, during all which time I have been robbed.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 30.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
