





15. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     ATKINSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the twentieth of November
 last, 19 yards of callico, value 16 s. and nine linen pocket handkerchiefs, value 9 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Clarke
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  THOMAS
                   BOYD
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Clarke
               



            , High Holborn


; I am his apprentice: my master lost the articles in the indictment, on Saturday the twentieth of November, about eleven in the evening; there are two shopmen and another apprentice; the prisoner came in, she asked for some lamb's wool stockings, we had none, I told her so, she stept out at the door, and I perceived something white under her cloaths behind; she pulled the door to after her, as she stepped down, I immediately got over the counter, and took her by the arm, says I, madam, I want you, and I stooped down and took hold of the goods which were under her coats behind, sticking out, she had hold of them betwixt her legs: there were nineteen yards of callico, value 16 s. and nine linen pocket handkerchiefs, value 9 s. nothing was round them: they were in one bundle, the pocket handkerchiefs were inside the callico; they both laid on the counter; I shewed them to a customer not a quarter of an hour before, the prisoner was near that counter; I do not recollect seeing them while she was in the shop: the things were lengthways between her legs; I had not the least suspicion, till I saw something white under her cloaths: they cost more than is charged in the indictment; we had them about two months; they were not remnants. She dropped the property on the floor, and 
               
                  Richard
                   Boyer
               



             picked them up, and laid them on the counter; they are marked D. B. I tied them in a paper, and have kept them ever since; they are marked A. X. A. I. X. one is my master's hand writing, the callico, and I believe the other is.


                  THOMAS
                   DYER
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner.


                  EDWARD
                   HUGHES
               



             sworn.
I know no more than the last witness.
Court to Boyd. How happens it that the other people that were in the shop are not here? - Mr. Walker, the Justice, told me it was not necessary.
Prisoner. I know nothing of it.
The Prisoner called one witness to her character.




               GUILTY, Of stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
