





497. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SIMMONDS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of September
, five muslin handkerchiefs, value 5s. five cotton frocks, value 20s. a cotton shawl, value 6d. a cotton gown, value 5s. a linen apron, value 1s. seven muslin caps, value 10s. and a linen shift, value 6d. the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Tuck
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  THOMAS
                   TUCK
               



             sworn. - Last Saturday, about three o'clock, the prisoner was in my parlour, drinking a glass of liquor; I keep a public house; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, (repeating them); he was looking at the newspaper for about an hour and a half; about half after four o'clock, he went out; he had an apron on, like a tallow-chandler or a grocer; my wife went into the parlour directly, and missed the things.
Q. Was he sitting there alone? - A. There were some children there; he told the eldest that they might go out and have their gammocks, and he would rock the cradle the while; my wife went after him, she followed him into Mr. Ham's, a public-house; and there he made an excuse to go backwards; we followed him into the necessary, and there we found some frocks and a gown down the necessary, and some things in the crown of his hat; they were all in the parlour ten minutes before he went away.


                  JOHN
                   GASS
               



             sworn. - I am a constable. (Produces the property, which was deposed to by the prosecutor).



                  WILLIAM
                   HAM
               



             sworn. - The prisoner came into my house, and went backwards to the necessary; and immediately Mr. Tuck and his wife came in; my wife told them he was gone backwards into the yard; in consequence of that, we went to the necessary door, and he would not open the door; and we put both our hands to it, and pulled it open; his hat lay upon the floor of the necessary, with some things in it, I do not remember what things, except the shawl, which I can recollect; the other things I cannot swear to; I took up the hat, and Mr. Tuck laid hold of him by the collar, and dragged him into the tap-room, and I followed with the hat; he said it was his hat; we took the candle and looked in the necessary, and there was a gown and some frocks down the necessary, and some other things upon the necessary; we tied them up in a handkerchief, and took them in doors.
Gass. The things have been in my custody ever since.


                  ELIZABETH
                   TUCK
               



             called. Q. How old are you? - A. Going of eleven.
Q. Do you know what is the nature of an oath? - A. No.
Prisoner's defence. I did go into the house, and had some gin and water; when I had drank it, I came out, and going by that gentleman's house, I wanted to go backwards, and I went, and they followed me to the door, and insisted upon coming in; and I immediately opened the door; the gentleman that belonged to the things, took me by the collar and knocked me against the door and against the wall; how the things came there I do not know; I have a wife and two children.




               GUILTY of stealing goods, value 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice ASHHURST.
