





398. 
               
                  
                     BRIDGET 
                     COSGROVE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Bailey
                        



                     
                  , a female infant child, under the age of three years
, putting her in fear, and taking from her a child's frock, value 2 s. a pin cloth, value 6 d. a cap, trimmed with lace, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Bailey
                        



.


                  THOMAS
                   BAILEY
               



             sworn.
I sell physical herbs and flowers
 in Covent-garden-market. I have a young child, about two years and a half old: her name is 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Bailey
               



            . On the 12th of April instant, as near as I can guess, about six in the afternoon, the child was playing about the Strand; it ran all about the market; it pays its visits all round; about half an hour after Mrs. Johnson and Mr. Ashmore brought the child, and asked me if it was mine; I had not missed it; I hadseen it three quarters of an hour before, at furthest; the child had its frock and pinafore on, without its cap; then I was desired to attend at Bow-street; Mr. Addington was there; the child said the woman put the cap into her bubbies; that was the prisoner; she was searched; Mrs. Johnson pulled out the cap before the justice and me, from the prisoner's bosom.
Mrs. JOHNSON sworn.
I am a taylor's wife. I was going through Russel-court


, and Mr. Ashmore gave me the child, to put its clothes on; the child was with the prisoner, in Russel-court; the prisoner wanted her to suck, but the child would not; Mr. Ashmore took the child, and put the frock on backside foremost; there was a great confusion; the child was not dressed; the things were underneath the woman; they were a frock and a pin-cloth; she was forcing the child's shift off, which was off, only over its shoulders; it was at the milliner's private door, in Russel-court, by Mr. Pike's: I took the child to Bow-street; then the child cried for her cap, and told me where it was; the woman said she had not got it; I was ordered to search her, and from under her left arm I pulled out the cap; this is the cap: the father was at Bow-street: the child told me her mammy's name was mammy Bailey, and her name was 
               
                  Betsy
                   Bailey
               



            .
Prosecutor. I know this cap to be mine, by the lace, and joining at the corner Mr. Johnson and Mrs. Ashmore gave me information.
Prisoner. I was in liquor.
Court to Mrs. Johnson. Did she so appear? - She appeared to be disguised in liquor.
Prosecutor. I did not take notice.
- ASHMORE sworn.
I was at the cutler's shop; and heard a child cry very much; I enquired the case; from the appearance of the child, being more decent and cleanly than those the prisoner had besides, (she had three more with her) and I began to suspect it was not her own; I charged her; she made no reply; but lifted her up; and from under her I took these things, which I took charge of, and secured her: the things were the frock and pin-a-fore.
(Deposed to.)
Prisoner. I was in liquor: I know nothing about it.
Ashmore. She was in liquor; she appeared very stupid; Mr. Addington asked her where she came from; I think she said she lived in Wild-street; and had a husband, and that she came from Dublin ten years ago.




               GUILTY, not of the robbery
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
Mr. Justice Heath to Prisoner. What is become of the three children you had? - My husband took them to some workhouse near Covent-garden: I do not know whether my husband has got them or not.
