





240. 
               
                  VALENTINE 
                  WOOD
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of March
, two pewter pint pots, value 1s. 6d.
             the goods of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Phipps
               




            .


                  SAMUEL
                   PHIPPS
               



             sworn.
I keep the Coach and Horses public house, in Westminster




.
Q. Were you robbed of any pots at any time? - Yes, two pint pots; the prisoner came to my house on Sunday morning, in company with one Campbell, he had two pint pots of beer, and I missed the two pint pots after them; I got a police officer, and went to the prisoner's house.
Q. What day did you go? - I went the same evening.
Q. Where is his house? - King's Head-court, Norton Falgate.
Q. What time of the day was it? - Near half an hour after seven o'clock, on Sunday evening.
Q. What passed when you came there? - I knocked three times, the officer was with me; I asked the woman if her husband was not a glover? she said, yes; I told her I had a job for him to do. I went up stairs; I see the woman push the pan under the bed, I told the officer of it, and he cropt under the bed, there were two pint pots in it, there were nothing left to know them by, but my initials; the one was quite melted, the other is in three parts, there was nothing left but the handle with the initials of my name.
Q. Did you find any more about the house? - No.
Q. Had you missed any pots at this time? - I missed some almost every week.
Q. Have you ever sold any pots with your name on them? - I have not for these three or five years, I believe.
Q. Who took the pewter? - The officer, he has had the pewter in his possession ever since.
Q. The prisoner frequented your house before? - No, I never see him before that time.


                  RICHARD
                   FERRIS
               



             sworn.
I am an officer; I know nothing of the business till I went to the house; I found a frying pan just taken off the fire, and put under the bed, and this here metal was in it, that is all I know.
Q. How many pots were there in the frying pan? - I look upon it to be two, I believe they were pint pots by the handle. (Produced.) I asked him if he had any thing belonging to Mr. Phipps? he said he had not, I might go up stairs and see.
Jury. Did you weigh the pewter? - I did, it is almost two pounds.
Q. To Prosecutor. Is it a pint pot, that with the name? - Yes, it is, there are three letters on the handle, S.S.P. for Samuel and Susanna Phipps.
Prisoner. On Sunday morning I went with Mr. Campbell, to the house of Mr. Phipps, we had two pints of beer, I was very much in liquor, and I had two pint pots put into my pocket, I went home, it was unknown to me that they were in my pocket, and I kept them in my pocket till that hour, which was about nine o'clock; not knowing I had the pots in my pocket, and I took them out, and because my wife should not know any thing of the business, as she was sick, I melted them down, not with an intent to hurt the prosecutor, it is not my inclination; I never did so before.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 27.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
