





710. 
               
                  BRIDGET
                   (
                  wife
 of John) BRIGHT
               



            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of October
, one agate box, set in gold, value 5 s. one small silver box, with a Queen Ann's shilling set in the lid, value 2 s. one plain gold ring, value 2 s. one topaz ring, value 5 s. two shirts, value 2 s. three pair of silk stockings, value 3 s. and one five guinea piece, value 5 l. 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Yates
                        




                     
                  , Esq
. in his dwelling house
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  RICHARD
                   YATES
               



            , Esq. sworn.
The prisoner was my servant
, hired in my absence, and served me some time after I came town, as a servant; she was not the servant I originally left, when I left town; she was put in by other people, and continued till about a fortnight ago; the first of my missing my property, I believe was last Monday was se'nnight; I went to look for some paper to settle an account and I missed the things in the indictment.


                  THOMAS
                   DENHAM
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. I searched the prisoner in Sir Sampson's office, and found under her left arm, in the sleeve of her gown, a silver box with a few pieces of silver; I did not observe what they were; I took no observation of the box; I put it on the table at Sir Sampson's; I also found three pair of silk stockings on her, one pair under the gown of her right arm, and two pair under her stays; I put the stockings with the box.


                  JOHN
                   BROWNE
               



             sworn.
I went with them to Bow-street. She had been servant to Mr. Yates, but was then discharged; I helped to search her; I found in the cuff of her right sleeve, an agate box, set in gold, and a diamond ring inside it, a topaz ring, with diamonds, set in gold, and a five guinea piece, in the skirt of her gown, pinned up; I found nothing else; I am certain to the prisoner; all the things were sealed up in a paper, and given to Mr. Yates.



                  THOMAS
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I have known the prisoner a year and a half: I have seen her more than once; on the 18th of October, she pawned with me two shirts, a spoon, and a plain gold ring; I gave her duplicates; I lent her half a guinea on the whole: they are here; I have had the things ever since; the ring is of very little value, would not fetch more than 4 s. the shirts are old left-off shirts; one is not worth above a shilling; the magistrate paid me the half-guinea out of the money they found in her pocket.
Prosecutor. This agate box is mine, it is set in gold; this small silver box is mine, with a Queen Anne's shilling in the head; this plain gold ring I cannot swear to, but I missed one; this topaz ring is mine, I have no doubt of it, it wants a spark: the two linen shirts are marked R. Y. the three pair of silk stockings I cannot speak to; the five guinea piece is of 
               
                  Charles
               


             the IId. I have had it above forty years.
(The things shewn to the Jury.)
Prisoner. How did I behave? - Why, as most servants do: some times very good-natured and well: and some times otherwise.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.
The prisoner called one witness to her character.




               GUILTY. 39 s
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
