





329. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MATTHEWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of April
, a japan tea tray, value 10s. a steel sender, value 6s. two brass jack wheels, value 10s. twenty three iron table spoons, value 6s. an iron stove, value 14s. twelve metal desert spoons, value 2s. four engraved desert spoons, value 1s. nineteen metal tea spoons, value 2s. four iron tea spoons, value 6d. four pair of steel snuffers, value 16s. one pair of steel extinguishers,value 2s. two steel cats, value 7s. 6d. one thousand brass nails, value 4s. four pair of plyers, value 1s. 6d. five forks, value 6d. a pair of scissars, value 6d. a fret, and set of bars, for a stove, value 5s. twenty pounds weight of brass, value 15s. one hundred and twenty-two pounds of lead, value 16s. three metal candlesticks, value 2s. 6d. an inlaid tea-caddie, value 2s. 6d. a Pontipool japan sugar bason, value 3s. an iron key, value 6d. a pistol tinder-box, value 2s. a Pontipool japan cream-pot, value 1s. 6d. and an iron footman, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Jackson
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Moser
               



            .


                  JOHN
                   MOSER
               



             sworn.
I am in partnership with Robert Jackson; we are considerable manufacturers

; we keep a large warehouse in Frith-street, Soho; the prisoner is a journeyman-smith
 in our manufactory; we have missed goods in the workshop frequently; and, on the 19th of April, when I returned home, in consequence of information I received, I went to the prisoner's lodgings about nine o'clock in the evening, with 
               
                  James
                   Bunyon
               



            ; we found him at home; we desired him to open his drawers, the bottom drawer was locked; he said, the key was at the workshop; I said, never mind, break it open, and he helped to break it open, and we found the articles mentioned in this indictment; our shopman took an inventory of the things, and we took him, and sent for a constable, and had him committed; the goods were exhibited at Bow-Street; from there they were taken to the constable's, and from the constable's they were brought here.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q. Are there any other persons concerned in your business besides Mr. Jackson? - A. None at all that have any property in the concerns; we have none but hired servants besides ourselves.
Q. You have a great number of workmen? - A. Yes.
Q. And your trade is a very extensive one? - A. Yes.
Q. Of these articles there were a great quantity of each, in your warehouse, besides? - A. Yes.
Q. And, of course, you are in the habit of selling a great deal? - A. Yes.


                  JAMES
                   BUNYON
               



             sworn.
I am shopman and assistant in the house of Messrs. Jackson and Moser. On Saturday, the 16th of April, about four in the afternoon, I was desired, by Baker, to look in the books, and see if a stove was missing that belonged to a customer, my master was answerable for it; I missed the stove from the apartment where it was deposited, it was removed from thence to another part of the manufactory, in part only; I desired him not to say any thing then, I wished to go to measure the front of the stove, as it laid behind the lathe, and when I went to measure it it was gone, the hobs were still remaining; that was on Tuesday, the 19th of April. I called the prisoner into the warehouse, and challenged him with taking the stove; and I went with him, as he returned from his dinner, and saw it at his lodgings; I told him, I was convinced in my own mind that it was a stove belonging to a customer; on his acknowledging the stove to have been taken away wrongfully, I wished him to bring it back, and I would mention the case to Mr. Moser in as favourable a light as I could.
Q. Had not you recommended it to him to acknowledge this stove? - A. I taxed it so closely, that I told him it was of no use to deny it; there was a mark in it that I could swear to it by; Mr. Moser returned from the country about eight o'clock, this might be about half after seven, I informed him of the transaction; we went to the prisoner's apartments, and found all the articles mentioned in the indictment; he himself assisted in opening the drawer where many of them were locked up; they were deposited with the constable, and are now in Court.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q. I take it for granted you have no knowledge of this stove, which you say belonged to a customer, but from the books? - A. Only by a mark upon the stove, done in white lead, which, I think, was marked by myself; there is always a mark put upon every customer's goods that are brought.
Q. But, I take it, these marks are not erased when you return them to your customers? - A. Very seldom.
Q. Therefore, in fact, you have no knowledge of this stove only from this mark now, and a recollection of it from looking into the books? - A. No other.
Q. You spoke to the prisoner, and the prisoner, in consequence of your having told him you would represent it as favourable as you could, he did tell you this? - A. It was in consequence of that.
Q. It was in consequence also of this same encouragement that the prisoner led you to his lodgings, and discovered every thing else? - A. Very far from it. I told him, it was of no use to deny it, I was not in his apartment when I saw the stove, it was in the yard; he said, it was a stove of his brother's.
Q. The prisoner lived a long time in your place? - A. About three years.
Q. You generally receive characters with persons you take into your factory? - A. No; we don't with our workmen.


                  JAMES
                   BAKER
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner, about six o'clock on Wednesday of Thursday morning the 13th or 14th of April, come a-cross the yard with a body of a stove in hishand; I said, Matthews, that stove does not belong to Mr. Moser, it belongs to a customer; he said, it does not; he said, it was a stove he had to do for a person, he did not say who that person was; I then went up into the lost where he worked, and he said, Baker, that stove belongs to me; and I brought it here to ask leave to cut the front; I said, very well, and took no further notice of it that day; the next day, I went up and saw the body of the stove hid; I, that evening, went into the room were these stoves were kept, I saw the stoves had been altered from where I had put them before myself; I found the front of a stove hid amongst some other things. On Saturday morning, I went to see whether the front of the stove was taken away, and it was gone; I then saw it hid behind a lathe, under his vice-board; I then communicated the circumstance to the clerk, and we referred to the book, and found one stove deficient. On Saturday evening, when the men were in the shop to be paid, I saw the prisoner bring the front of the stove in his arms, I went into the yard, and in about two minutes, or two minutes and a half, he took the front of the stove through the shop, quite away; then on the Tuesday following, I was in the wareroom, and I called him into the ware-room, and taxed him about the stove, several times, and he denied it; I told him I was positive it was the stove; he then said, he could not say it was not; I then persuaded him to bring it back, that I thought it would be a great deal better if he would bring it back; and he then went down stairs, and fetched it back; that is all I know about it, excepting seeing the other things in his room, and helping to bring them away to the constable's.
Q. Then he brought it back from his own house? - A. Yes, on the Tuesday evening.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q. The same stove was brought back by the prisoner on the Tuesday? - A. Yes.
Q. It was after Baker had seen it at his house? - A. Yes.
Q. Now you tell us that this is the stove, and you know nothing about it, except what you derive from the books? - A. Yes; I have the care of the stoves, and have the putting them away.
Q. But you did not look particularly to the description of each stove that you happened to put by? - A. Each ticket has a number put upon the back of it.
Q. I ask if you have any particular knowledge of the stove from its own appearance, after you had put it with the other stoves in a place of security? - A. None at all, only by the measure.
Q. There are a great number of men that work over these premisses? - A. Yes.
Q. There was no privacy then, I suppose? - A. No.
Q. It was nothing extraordinary that it should be placed under his vice-board? - A. No.
Q. Your master comes in and out among the men? - A. Yes.
Q. From one bench to another, and from one vice-board to another? - A. Yes.
Q. Did not you tell this man he had better abscond? - A. Yes; I told him he had better go off the premisses, and not be seen any more.
Q. He did not take your advice? - A. No; I did not advise him to run away, but I told him I thought he had better leave the premisses for his own character's sake, that it might not be spread among the trade; and I dare say Mr. Moser might look over it.
- LEDIARD sworn.
I am a jack maker, I was at work upon five brass jack wheels, and I lost two of them from the nails where I hung them up, over the vice board; I do not know them, except by comparing them with others, they are in Court; I saw them again about a fortnight after I missed them, the next day, or the day after that they were taken from the prisoner.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q. Where did you find these jack wheels? - A. Among the rest of the property, but I did not find them.
Q. Your smoak-jacks are not of a particular construction I take it? - A. No; I believe them to be the same, they correspond with others that we have, exactly in size.
Q. Are there not five hundred and fifty thousand more of the same size? - A. There may be.


                  RICHARD
                   GREENHILL
               



             sworn.
I am an officer; Messrs. Moser and Jackson sent for me on Tuesday night about nine o'clock; we went to the prisoner's house and found this property in different places, some of it hid in the bed; I have had them ever since; (produces the jack wheels).
Lediard. These are the wheels I saw at the office in Bow-street, (another produced to prove the correspondence).(The other articles in the indictment produced in Court).
Q. (To Bunyon). Q. Was there any thing about that stove that you saw in that man's yard that you can swear positively to? - A. No.
Moser. The other things have all our shop mark.
Bunyon. Here is a pair of snuffers with my own mark upon them.
Q. Can you swear to any of the articles as not having been disposed of from your manufactory? - A. The principal part of the shop marks are myown writing; this bundle of nails I can swear to not having been disposed of from our manufactory or warehouse; there have been no nails of that description sold for a long time, they were a dead stock on our hands.
Mr. Ally, Q. Are the nails the only things you have to swear to, and that because none have been sold for a long time? - A. Yes; we are not in the habit of selling much by retail, what we fell is generally booked; I do not think there have been any of these nails sold since I have been with Mr. Moser, which is seven years, and this mark is put on every year when we take stock.
Q. You will not take upon you to swear that some other person might not have sold these nails? - A. No.
Q. And you can have no more certainty of these other things? - A. No.(The prisoner 1st his defence to his Counsel, and called three witnesses, who gave him the best of characters).



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 23.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
