





172. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MAC DANIEL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of September
, twenty-four printed bound books, value 1l. 16s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Cadwallader 
                           Parker
                        



                     
                  , and nine pair of men's leather shoes, value 9s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Parker
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   PARKER
               



             sworn.
This robbery has been committed two years ago, in the year 1791
.
Q. Where did you live then? - In Chancery-lane


; I am an attorney
. In September 1790, I took this young man as a writing clerk
, during my absence in the country, while I was there I received a letter that he was gone, and I came to town, when I came to town I found all the drawers had been unlocked, and the things gone; I went to the public office in Bow-street, and told them my loss; I lost a vast number of wearing apparel, in consequence of the same, and in going about, some pawnbrokers sent me word of some books and shoes, and I discovered they were mins; they were my brother's books, 
               
                  James
                   Cadwallader
               



             Barker; the shoes were a sample going to the Mediterranean, and they are gone to the Mediterranean since. I am enabled to identify the books, because there was some writing in them, they are here.
WILLIAM - sworn.
Between the 11th of September 1790, to the 1st of September 1791, all the books were pledged by the prisoner at the bar; the first was the 11th of September 1790, a small book, pledged for one shilling, the next was one on December the 17th, for one shilling and seven-pence, the next the 18th of January 1791, the next the 25th of January.
Q. Were any pledged about September 1791? - The last book was pledged the 5th of August, there was nothing pledged on that day, but the shoes.

Prisoner. I have since lived as a clerk and book-keeper to the King's Arms, and I lived there for ten months. and I had a deal of property entrusted to my care, and I gave a satisfactory account.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 24.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
