





421. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     FINDALE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, a red morocco leather pocket book, with a silver lock, value 2 s. a pair of steel scissars, value 6 d. a double bladed knife, value 6 d. and two pair of steel nippers, value 4 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Caldcleugh
                        



                     
                  , privately from the person of Elizabeth his wife

.


                     ELIZABETH 
                     CALDCLEUGH
                  



               
             sworn.
My husband's name is Alexander. I was going into Covent-garden on Friday the 15th of April last, with Mr. Caldcleugh and his brother, between four and five in the afternoon, we were going in at the entrance in Bow-street


, we were going to the pit; the doors were not open; we stood there about one minute, not more; there was no body standing behind me; the prisoner was on my right hand; I felt something at my pocket; I put my hand immediately in my pocket and seized her hand in the bottom of my right hand pocket; I immediately missed my pocket book by the weight of it; I kept her hand fast; I immediately called out, this woman has picked my pocket; my husband came round and seized the prisoner's right hand, and I never let go her left hand, which was in my pocket; on looking I found my petticoat was cut down the whole length of my pocket, my pocket hole before was very short; the pocket was hanging out of the hole she had cut, my watch was in the bottom of that pocket where I felt her hand, she had got hold of the watch when I laid hold of her; the pocket book was found in the evening of that day.
Q. Then the pocket book was missing the time you caught her hand in your pocket? - It was; it was a red morocco pocket book, and those articles in the indictment were in it.
Q. You had no reason to suppose it was taken at any other time? - I had felt but a minute before in my pocket, and found my watch and pocket book safe.
Q. Have you any doubt it was at this moment you lost your pocket book? - I have no doubt.
Q. What is the value of it? - A few shilling. She was searched, there was nothing found on her; she was taken to the house in Bow-street and searched immediately.
Prisoner. I was above an hour and a half in custody before ever the pocket book was found, or brought against me.


                  JOHN
                   MILLER
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Bow-street. About half after seven I was coming along Bow-street, and I was told there was a little boy had picked up a pocket book;I went after the child, and he had it in his hand wet; I took it from him, and have kept it ever since. (Produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner. I never set my eyes on the pocket book nor knew what I was accused of.
Jury to Prosecutrix. Was there any croud collected behind you? - There was none; I came there very early, and I put my hand in my pocket a minute before, and had it.
GUILTY,




               Of stealing, but not privately
            . (Aged 47.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
