





397. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     CRACK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of July
, a fustian jacket, value 10s. 6d. a calico jacket, value 10s. 6d. and a pair of fustian trowsers, value 10s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Jenkins
                  




               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Hovell.)
JAMES JENKINS sworn. - Examined by Mr. Hovell. The prisoner lived with me as groom
, and in consequence of his conduct I discharged him, in the evening of the 25th or 26th of July last; in consequence of having lost some plate, and suspecting the prisoner, I was induced to search his room; I found no wearing apparel, but in the kitchen I found a dressing apron, which I bought for him, and in the pocket of that apron I found a quantity of duplicates; the prisoner was to come the next morning to settle with me; he came, and I told him I would not settle with him till I was satisfied that the property named in these duplicates did not belong to me; he said they did not belong to me; I then sent for a constable, and took him to the Mansion-house; when at the Mansion-house, I again asked him if he was guilty of taking my property and pawning it.
Court. Q. Had you made him any threat, or offer of favour? - A. I had not; he said they did not belong to me, and if I would take the trouble of inquiring, I should be satisfied they were not mine; I told him I hoped it would prove so; I then told him I would not press it any further at present, if he would call in a day or two upon me, and satisfy me that it was not my property, I would settle with him, and I let him go; I searched at the pawnbrokers, and found two jackets and a pairof trowsers, (they are produced); I cannot swear to them certainly.


                  WALTER
                   HEAD
               



             sworn. - I made these jackets for Mr. Jenkins, and delivered them accordingly.
Q. To whom? - A. I cannot say, because I sent them by a boy, who is not here.
Mr. Knowlys. Q.When was it you made them for Mr. Jenkins? - A. About the 30th of April.
Q.Whether they reached Mr. Jenkins's you cannot tell? - A. No.
Mr. Hovell. (To Jenkins.) Q.Did you ever see the prisoner wear them? - A. I have seen him wear such jackets and trowsers, but I cannot swear that these jackets and trowsers were ever given into the prisoner's custody.
Q. Can you undertake to say that these jackets and trowsers were delivered to the prisoner? - A. No, I cannot swear to these identical cloths.


                  THOMAS
                   DOBSON
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker: These two jackets and trowsers were taken in in my presence, but not by me, from the prisoner at the bar; the trowsers on the 6th of June, one jacket on the 31st of May, and the other on the 12th of June.
Mr. Jenkins. - Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys.
Q. Be so good as tell me where you live? - A. On Dowgate-hill.
Q. In what way of business? - A.Manchester-warehouseman, and manufacturer.
Q. The prisoner lived with you - in what capacity? - A. As groom, and waited at table.
Q. He never did any extraordinary work for you- I will tell you what I think is extraordinary work, such as making beds? - A. He might for two or three weeks, when we were without a female servant.
Q. Did he never cook for you? - A. He might dress a mutton chop for me; he said he was very clever at a mutton chop, and so he was.
Q. You paid him no wages? - A. I agreed with him for twenty guineas a year, and provided him with clothes as long as he was in my service; he lived with me about three months.
Q.They were for the purpose of attending the stable as groom? - A. A part of them; she striped jacket could not, hardly.
Q.You turned him away on the evening of the 25th or 26th of July? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you examine the pockets of this apron the same evening? - A. Yes.
Q. These are all the duplicates upon which, after a great length of time, you have brought to found a prosecution? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you go before the Lord-Mayor the next morning? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you not take him up the next morning? - A. Yes.
Q. He called for his wages the next morning? - A. Yes.
Q. And then you took him to the watch-house; upon what charge? - A. In consequence of finding these duplicates.
Q. Upon your oath, do not you charge him with stealing some of your plate? - A. I did.
Q. So then, this servant of yours you took up with a constable, charging him with stealing your plate when he came to demand his wages, and then you tell the constable, in the absence of the Lord-Mayor, to discharge him? - A. Yes.
Q. Did he come the next morning, after he was discharged from the constable, to demand his wages? - A. He did.
Q. Did you pay him his wages? - A.Certainly not; for I had not time to run from Hyde-park-corner to Bermondsey, which was the extent of the duplicates.
Q. Did he come again after that for his wages? - A. Yes.
Q. Upon your oath, did he not call every day for his wages till you brought this fresh charge? - A.Every morning might amount to three mornings.
Q. And as you had not paid him his wages, he summoned you for his wages? - A. Yes; I went agreeable to the summons.
Q. Had he summoned you before the Sitting Alderman to pay him his wages? - A. Yes, surely.
Q. Did you that morning bring forward this charge? - A.Certainly.
Q. The very first morning? - A. Yes.
Q. That was the 3d of August, was it not? - A. I cannot speak to the day.
Q. He called upon you day after day for a long time for his wages? - A. He did, the long time of three days.
Q. Did you ever trump up this charge to any body living till he had summoned you to compel you to pay these wages? - A.Certainly; I told him I would be first satisfied how it was.
Q.Will you mention any one person to whom you mentioned this before you charged him? - A. Yes, I suppose to twenty.
Q. Did you make any charge before any Magistrate till you was summoned? - A. No; I told him I would wish to be satisfied, as I did not want to take him before the Magistrate if he was not guilty.
Q. And, perhaps, you owe him these wages at this moment? - A.The balance of the wages, undoubtedly, except 20s. that I gave him when he was committed, and the balance of accounts while he was in my service, that I cannot say.
Q. I dare say you are not so ignorant of the world, as not to know that this man loses these wages if he is convicted upon this occasion? - A. I suppose it is so.

Q. You have these sort of things made for your service? - A. Yes; I find them in clothes.
Q. Did you not give him reason to conclude that he would have these things for himself? - A. Yes, certainly, at the end of twelve months.
Q. But you turned him away at a much shorter time, and he told you he had pawned them? - A. No, he denied that any part of these duplicates related to any property of mine.
Q. Had you a very good character with this man? - A. No, I had none at all; he gave me a reference to a gentleman at the west end of the town, but I did not go, I was pleased with the man, and I found him the best servant I ever had, and I did not take the trouble.
Mr. Hovell. Q. In truth, then, you have been robbed of plate? - A. Yes.
Q. You suspected the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Q. And therefore you searched the prisoner's pocket? - A. Yes.
Q. You did not make any charge to the Magistrate till you had found your property? - A. No; and then I did immediately.
Q. And you did not pursue further property, because you wished to prosecute upon this moderate scale? - A. I wished to prosecute upon a moderate scale.
Court. (To Jenkins.) Q. Can you say with certainty, that the apron, in which you found the duplicates, was the prisoner's apron? - A. Yes, certainly.
Prisoner's defence. I was very much distressed for money, I had asked Mr. Jenkins for money several times, when he has had company, to get some tea and sugar, and he has said he has had none for me, and that distressed me very much; I pawned my jacket and trowsers to support Mr. Jenkins's house.
Dobson. There was a jacket pawned by the prisoner which turned out to be his own, before the Magistrate.
Mr. Hovell. (To Jenkins.) Q. The prisoner says he applied to you for money when he was so distressed, and you refused it? - A. I never did refuse him.
Prisoner. I have denied Mr. Jenkins many times to trades-people round him, when he has been at home, that have come to him after money.
Jury. Q. When you asked him for the clothes, which he had had from you, what did he say? - A. He said he had them, but would not tell me where they were; he denied having pawned any thing himself, or that any thing in these duplicates belonged to me.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 23.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
