






490. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARTHA 
                     BOND
                  



               
             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of August

, a silk cloak, value 2s. four linen shirts, value 18s. three muslin aprons, value 3s. two muslin cravats, value 12s. a muslin handkerchief, value 6d. three muslin frocks, value 18d. three pair of stockings, value 18d. a calico gown, value 6d. a black stuff petticoat, value 12d. a cloth great coat, value 12d. a pair of flat irons, value 1s. a flannel petticoat, value 6d. a pair of Spanish leather shoes, value 6d. a linen pillowcase, value 6d. two pair of silver buckles, value 20s. a pair of stays, value 4s. three child's cotton skirts, value 3s. and two linen shifts, value 8s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Cornelius 
                     Slater
                  



               
            ; and the other, for 


               feloniously receiving part of the said goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
CORNELIUS SLATER sworn.
I live in Broad-street, St. Giles's



, I follow the market
, 
               
                  Mary
                   Williams
               



             lived with me as a servant
: On the 11th of this month, I had occasion to shift myself, and I called to her for a shirt, and she brought me one, which I objected to wear because it was too blue; I asked her for another, and she said they were rough dry in the basket; she said she had been very busy, I saw her tremble, and I asked her what was the matter; and my wife desired her to bring the shirts forward; the prisoner, Williams, went to the basket, and could not find any; then I insisted upon knowing what was become of them, and she said she had pawned them, and tendered me eleven duplicates, and I immediately called the watch, and had her lodged there; afterwards, I went to the watch-house with some dinner for her, myself; I asked her where the rest of the duplicates were; and then she tendered me five more, which made sixteen; upon forting over the tickets I did not find the silver buckles, and some other things; I asked her what was become of the duplicates of them; and she said, they were in the possession of the other prisoner; I found an apron in the possession of Bond, but how she came by it I don't know, Williams had lived with me ten or eleven weeks, as nigh as I can guess.


                  MARY
                   SLATER
               



             sworn.
My husband wanted a shirt, and she gave him one which my husband objected to; and she said there were no more but what were rough dry; I saw her tremble, I went to the basket and missed them; I asked her what she had done with them; and she told me, directly, she had pawned them, and then produced the duplicates.
Q. What do you charge the other prisoner with? - A. Nothing but the apron that was found upon her.
Cross-examined. Q. You have pawned things yourself? - A. Yes; I have, for my own necessities.
Q. You never at any time made any application to any person to pawn any thing for you? - A. Notto these people; I have got neighbours that I might have asked, if occasion required.(
               
                  Ann
                   Lee
               



             and 
               
                  William
                   Lane
               



            , pawnbrokers, produced a number of things which they received of the two prisoners). - MUMFORD sworn.
Last Sunday was a week I apprehended Bond, and this apron was in the room where she was; she said, she had it to wash from Williams; and on Monday I went with the prosecutor round to the pawnbrokers.
Q. Was the apron wet or dry? - A. It was damp.(The things were deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
Williams's defence. I had these things to pawn for my mistress.
Bond's defence. I pawned these things for this woman for her mistress; I have pawned things before for her mistress.
Williams, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 50.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Bond, 

               NOT GUILTY
            , Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
