





609. 
               
                  
                     PHILIP 
                     MEELING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of October
, a piece of Irish linen cloth, value 1l. 5s.
             the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Fisher
               




            .


                  HANNAH
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
Q. Do you live with John Fisher? - No. I was going down Swallow-street


, between six and seven o'clock, the 21st of October, and I saw three men stand just at this shop door of Mr. Fisher, I saw one of them go in the shop, he had nothing with him when he went in the shop, and he brought out a roll of linen under his left arm, he put it under his coat and ran up Swallow-street, and the other two ran after him; I can say that the prisoner was one of the three; and I gave the alarm.
- NICOLSON sworn.
I live with Mr. Fisher.
Q. Did you see this done? - No, I did not; I took the prisoner.
Q. What time did you begin the pursuit? - Near about six o'clock, I cannot say exactly to a minute. Mrs. Smith was going by opposite at the time, she saw three men pretty near the shop door, she thought they were about no good, she came in and informed me that she saw a man take a piece of cloth; and I went out, and I perceived three men standing together; when I advanced to them they dropped the piece of cloth, they formed a sort of a circle.


                  Q. 
               


            How far from this shop? - About sixty or seventy yards. After they had dropped the cloth, the prisoner at the bar came to meet me, and the others made off up the street, and I was trying to get past this here; and he attempted to stop me.
Q. Was the prisoner one of the three that you saw standing? - I got past the prisoner, and went and took up the cloth, and he immediately turned up the street; I went in pursuit after the prisoner and caught him at the corner of Leicester-street.
Q. Did he run away as soon as you past him? - He ran away, and I hallooed out stop thief! myself.
Q. Where did you overtake him? - I overtook him at the corner of Leicester-street, going into Warwick-street.
Q. Are you sure he is one of the three? - I am; and the cloth dropped down from before him, but which it came from I cannot tell. It hath got the number on it, and the maker's name, which is the same name as my master's.
Prisoner. Is it possible that I could come into the gentleman's shop, and take a roll of Irish off the counter, without his seeing of me?
Court to Nicbolson. Whereabouts was you in the shop, when Mrs. Smith came in? - I was in the shop, folding up some prints, which had been opened in the course of the day; there was a large pileof such cloth as this laying on the counter; there was another shopman too in the shop, but he was a writing.
Prisoner. I was coming down Swallow-street, that gentleman comes and lays hold of my collar; he lays hold of me about a minute, and found nothing about me, and he let me go; then he ran after another man, and then he let that man go, and came and ran after me again.
Court to Nicholson. Did you apprehend another man first for this? - No, this is the only person that ever I touched.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 16.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
