





273. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WOODHOUSE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of March
, ten yards of printed callico, value 1l. 10s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wayte
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  RICHARD
                   LEADBETTER
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Wayte, a linen draper
, in Whitechapel


, he was robbed on Saturday, the 15th of March. The prisoner was the person that robbed him, I did not see her take the goods, she came in for half a yard of callico, between five and six in this evening, and I was obliged to turn round to take the callico down from the shelf; when I turned round again I missed the goods, I missed two gowns, two pieces for gowns, it made ten yards of printed callico together.
Q. Where were these gowns laying? - On the counter.
Q. Was she near that counter? - She was.
Q. Are you sure that you observed nothing about her at the time, that could lead you to suppose she took it? - No, I did not. When I cut off the quantity that she wanted, I objected to the shilling that she put down to pay for it, I objected it not being good, that I might look on the shelf to see if I had put it on the shelf before I challenged her with it; I looked on the shelf to see that I had not laid it off from the counter, that I might not be mistaken before I laid hold of her; I then went round and lifted up her cloak and found the two pieces of callico under her arm.
Q. Did she say any thing about it? - Nothing at all.

Q. What may be the value of this callico? - Thirty shillings, it cost Thirty-one shillings and six pence within six months, as near as I can recollect.
Q. Have you kept that piece separate from the rest? -  Yes.
Q. Before you produce it, were there any marks on it by which you know it to be your's? - There are private marks, one is marked B and S, and the other R and S. I had seen it on the counter not a quarter of an hour before. I can swear to it being ours.
Q. Was there any body in the shop at this time besides yourself? - Nobody, but myself and the prisoner.
Q. Have you any other witness? - None but the officer.
Q. Was their nobody at all about your premises but yourself? - Nobody at all.
Prisoner. I have got so far as this to say, on the Saturday I went to buy them things of this gentleman, some callico, and he told me it was a bad shilling, which I told him I took it at next door, I had an ounce of tea in my hand, he stood some time and said; it is a bad one and I will not take it; sir, says I, if you think it is a bad one I will go and change it, at last after a good deal he came round to me, and there was nothing on me, and he said he had missed some things the Wednesday before, and he kept me in his place I dare say for an hour and a half, and another man came down some time afterwards, and they sent for an officer, and none would come, I told them if they thought I was guilty I would deliver up my keys. About the evening there was a patrole the other side of the way, and he came in and they took me up to the office, I staid there very late that night, and on the Wednesday following I was brought up to have my hearing. I went home, and I gave my birds water, and I shut my shutters, and I returned to the office again by a quarter before four, I went in to have my hearing again, and the patrole said that I had several duplicates in my house, and if I would give them up I should be acquitted on Friday, and I was never carried to prison till one o'clock in the morning, on Saturday night.
Q. To Leadbetter. Was not she immediately committed? - The justice wished not to commit her till the week following.
Q. Did you tell the justice that you took the property from under her cloak? - I did.
Q. Had you ever seen her in your house before? - Yes, several times; she was not committed at the first hearing, she was kept in custody.


                  EDWARD
                   EVANS
               



             sworn.
I am a patrole of Whitechapel High-street; this gentleman, he called me over to his assistance, to take the woman into custody; after I went over to take her into custody my brother officer and I came over, and we took her to the office, and she begged to go home; and we said if she would tell where she lived, we would take her home; this was between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, as I was going on duty, or it might be six; she was delivered to the officer at the police, and committed to Clerkenwell after she was examined, and never out of custody; that afternoon there I was a warrant granted to search her house, and we went to it, and found about two hundred duplicates, they are here.
Q. Did she go with you? - No.
Q. Did she say it was her house? - No, we found it out, we did not find any property at all, but duplicates, plenty of them.

Mr. Ledbetter, Mr. Wayte was in an adjoining room, within a glass casement.




               GUILTY, Of Stealing but not privately
            .(Aged 33.) 


               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the Second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
