





296. 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     MASSEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of May
, one silver table spoon, value 5 s. a pair of cotton hose, value 1 s. a pair of shoes, value 2 s. and a muslin neckcloth, value 1 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Lewis George 
                     Dive
                  




               
            , Esq
.


                  LEWIS
                   GEORGE DIVE
               



             sworn.
The prisoner has been my servant
; I had discharged him on the 13th of this month; I knew nothing of the robbery till I was told by a servant of mine, that Massey was in custody for offering a silver spoon. I attended at Bow-street, and was desired to attend the following day, when I saw the things mentioned in the indictment.


                  JOHN
                   BECK HEATHER
               



             sworn.
On Monday the 14th of May, my lord, the prisoner at the bar brought this spoon to my shop to sell; I asked him how he came by it; he told me he bought it of a boy in the street. I took him into custody.
Court. You did very right, Sir; I wish every pawnbroker would do the same.
- MACKINTOSH sworn.
I went to live as servant with Mr. Dive, on Saturday the 11th of May. My master gave me 19 spoons, and told me there would be another to make 20.


                  JOHN
                   FURNEAUX
               



             sworn.
I was sent for to Mr. Heather's, on Monday the 13th of May, to search the prisoner; I searched him and found these duplicates.


                  EDWARD
                   SWAINE
               



             sworn.
On the 9th of May, a person who called himself 
               
                  George
                   Deane
               



            , and who I believe to be the prisoner, pawned a pair of shoes for 4 s. (Produces the shoes) I gave him a duplicate, which was found upon him. My master's name is 
               
                  Henry
                   Turner
               



            .


                  THOMAS
                   HINDES
               



             sworn.
I am servant to a pawnbroker. I know the prisoner; he pawned a neckcloth on the 20th of March, for 1 s. at our house, in the name of 
               
                  John
                   Deane
               



            .


                  JOHN
                   BARBER
               



             sworn.
I am servant to a pawnbroker, 
               
                  Mary
                   Minns
               



            ; the prisoner pawned a pair of cotton hose and a neckcloth with me; (Produced.) I gave him two duplicates.
(Mr. Dive deposes to the handle of the spoon, and to a muslin neckcloth.)
Prisoner. My lord, I am a young man from the country, and have no friends come up. I leave myself to the mercy of the court.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
