





467. 
               
                  
                     GILES 
                     GOOFFREY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of May
, a linen table cloth, value 5 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lear
                  




               
            .
An. INTERPRETER sworn.


                  JOHN
                   STAPLETON
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Lear of the Three Tuns coffee house in the Strand


. I have the principal care of all the things in the house, that are given daily for the use of the house, the linen and glasses. I had nine cloths in my care for the use of the coffee room; about eleven o'clock on the 15th of May, I left a waiter in the coffee room while I went to clean myself up stairs, I had not been above a quarter of an hour; just as I was coming down stairs I heard the bar bell ringing very violently, I ran down stairs as fast as ever I could, when I came down the prisoner was brought back into the coffee room with the table cloth on him, by a man where he had been to sell it with Mr. Lear's name upon it, the number of the house and the number of the box to which it belonged; this man I had frequently seen at our door begging and jabbering french. I could not understand him.
Q. Had you seen him that day? - I had not till he was brought back; the cloth is here, he said that a man gave it him in the street. The waiter had left the room in my absence, there were nine lay folded up in one of the seats exactly opposite the door, the opposite side of the room, they could see them in the street.


                  JOHN
                   HOWARD
               



             sworn.
I am a shoemaker in Church-lane in the Strand. On the 15th of May, I was called down stairs between the hours of eleven and twelve, when I came down the prisoner was in my parlour with this here table cloth; I saw the name on the table cloth, he asked five shillings for it; I knew the house, and and stopped him; I asked him how he came by it? he spoke french; I did not understand him; I sent for a constable and took him to Mr. Lear's house.


                  ELIZABETH
                   HOWARD
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of the last witness; my husband is a shoemaker; the prisoner came to me Wednesday the 15th of May, between the hours of eleven and twelve o'clock, he asked me if I would buy the cloth; I told him to come in, he spoke english to me; I asked him what he asked for it? he told me five shillings; I asked him if the cloth was his own? he said it was, and he was a frenchman, he brought it from France, it cost him ten shillings; I saw the mark and I asked him if he lived at that gentleman's house that the name was on the cloth? he told me no, a gentleman marked it for him; all that he spoke was in english.
Q. You are positive he said that it was his own? - He did, he said, he brought it from France.
Prisoner. I never said I brought it from France, I have lodged two yearsat a tavern. I have no witness; I have served the King for five years, and I have a pension from Chatham now. (The cloth deposed to.)



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 51.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
