






135. 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     SERMON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BROMLEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering thedwelling house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Chace
                     



                  , about the hour of seven in the night, on the 11th of January
, and burglariously stealing therein, four silk handkerchiefs, value 16s. a pair of nankeen breeches, value 2s. a flannel waistcoat, value 3d. five muslin aprons, value 5s. a cotton gown, value 3s. a black silk petticoat, value 1s. a silver tea spoon, value 1s. four cotton waistcoats, value 2s. and a linen table cloth, value 1s.
             the goods of the said 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Chace
               



            .


                  DANIEL
                   CHACE
               



             sworn.
I keep a house. On the 11th of January, between the hours of seven and nine, in the evening, I was robbed; I came home about a quarter past eight, and found my house broke open and my drawers; my house is full of lodgers, the upper part, but not downwards.
Q. What room did you lock up when you went out? - My back parlour and the shop.
Q. That is the part of the house you live in? - Yes.
Q. What time did you go out? - Between two and three o'clock, but I had a brother that called at my house at seven and it was all safe then.
Q. Then you did not lock the outer door because the lodgers were in the house? - I did not. When I came home I found the door broke open and the lock bent, bursted off, the hold fast of the door bursted off in the passage.
Q. You go through your shop to the parlour? - No, through a passage to the parlour. It was my parlour door that was broke. When I got in I found my drawers had been rifled, some were left half shut and some open.
Q. Had you locked them when you went out? - No, I had not.
Q. What did you miss out of your drawers? - Four silk handkerchiefs, a gown, a pair of breeches, a shirt, five muslin aprons; all the things in the indictment.
Q. When did you see any of your things again? - Mr. Richardson that lived in the same street where we do, had a search warrant to search this 
               
                  Stephen
                   Sermon
               



            's apartment, and I went up with him, and found this under flannel waistcoat in his apartment, laying along with a bundle of more dirty things, and I knew it.
Q. Of all the articles in the indictment you identify but the under waistcoat? - No.
Q. You are sure all the things in the indictment were in the room when you went out? - Yes, every thing was safe when we went out, and they were missing when we came home.
Prisoner. I would wish for you to see the waistcoat; the gentleman would willingly have sworn to the waistcoat that I have got on.


                  Stephen
                   Sermon
               



            , 


               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Ann Bromley, 

               not GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMPSON
               



            .
