





758. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     PERRY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of October
 last, one wooden box, value 6 d. 10 lb. weight of black tea, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hurley
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   HURLEY
               



             sworn.
I am son of 
               
                  John
                   Hurley
               



            ; I heard the door creak; I immediately went into the shop, and missed the chest of tea; I went out, and saw the prisoner walking with the chest of tea in the next street: I took hold of him, and he put it down: I brought him back, and the tea; it was my father's; there was about ten or eleven pounds of it; I cannot say the value; I did not see him take it.


                  WILLIAM
                   NICHOLSON
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner at the bar on the 18th of October; I saw him come round the corner of Orange-court, Swallow-street, with a box under his arm, and he put it down by our door; I saw him apprehended directly afterwards; in about a couple of minutes I observed the last witness take the box; it was the same that the prisoner put down.
Court to Prosecutor. What was this tea a pound? - I sold the same kind of tea at eight shillings a pound; I had not sold any out of this chest.

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Coming down Swallow-street, I had been early in the morning to look after a place, and a young man in a white coat, asked me to carry this box; I told him I would; and he said he should give me sixpence; I was to carry it to the first house in Orange-court; I put down the box, and went to look for the young man, and he was gone; and the young man took hold of me, and said, I stole the box; but I did not.
Prosecutor. The morning of the 18th, there were two fellows seen lurking about the door.




               GUILTY, 10 d
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
