





404. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     M'INTIRE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of July
, a tin-box, value 1d. two combs, value 6d. a ticket, called a smart ticket, value 1d. and four Banknotes, each of the value of 5l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Fitzgibbons
                  




               
            .
DAVID FITZGIBBONS sworn. - I am a labourer
, but was a King's man: On the 16th of July, I lived at 
               
                  William
                   Welch
               



            's, in St. James's-street; I was a marine on board a 74-gun ship; I had my smart ticket in a tin box; I lost my property in Lisle-street


, some time between two and four, I cannot exactly say; I was in company with the prisoner at the bar, she is a countrywoman of mine; I met with her in the street; I went in to have a pint of ale with her, and when we came out she put her hand into my pocket and robbed me; she spoke to me first, and was telling me about my friends in the country; I cannot think how she found out what my country was; I went in to drink a pint of ale with her, but did not sit down.
Q. How long had you been talking to her in the street? - A. She did not say any thing till she came into the house, only she asked me to go into the public-house to give her a drop of drink, we had no talk at all.

Q. What was the name of the street? - A.According to what they told me, it was Lisle-street.
Q. What drink had you together in Lisle-street? - A. No more than a pint of ale.
Q. When you left the house, did you agree to go together any where? - A. No, I did not; when we came out of the house, she put her hands in my right hand pocket, and took out my tin box and my discharge, and my notes.
Q. How do you know she took them? - A. By feeling her hands come out of my pocket, and turning the corner with them; I was hardly able to walk, and I could not follow her.
Q. Did you ever find those things again? - A. Yes, the next day, in Little Wild-street, as they told me the name of the street was; she produced my smart ticket out of her bosom to me, and with her pulling it out of her bosom, a five-pound note dropped upon the ground.
Q. Was that one of your five-pound notes? - A. I cannot tell; after that mother Malony put her hand down into her bosom, or some part, and pulled out six guineas, and two seven-shilling-pieces; she said, if she had her property again, she would not part with it, and I found one of my combs upon the table by the bed where she slept; it was marked so, that if all the combs in London were brought, I can swear to my own comb; there was Fitz marked upon it with a wire red hot; there was nothing else that I could swear to but my comb and my smart ticket. (Produces the smart ticket, it is read).
Cross-examined by the Prisoner. Q. Where was the last place I parted with you? - A.Lisle-street.
Q. What house? - A. No house.
Q. Was it not at the White-lion, in Broad-street, St. Giles's, where there were plenty of men and women? - A. No, in Lisle-street.
Q. Were there not two of your fellow lodgers with you? - A. No.
Q. What company were you in when I parted with you? - A. Nobody as I know of but yourself robbing me.
Q. Had you not taken other people into custody before you took me up? - A. No.
Court. Q. Nor suspected any body? - A. No.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say that you dreamed at night that I robbed you? - A. No, I never dreamed it at night.
Q. Did you never say so? - A. I could see very plain with my own eyes that she robbed me.


                  SARAH
                   MALONY
               



             sworn. - Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A. Yes, very well; I went to No. 8, in Little Wild-street, with 
               
                  William
                   Welch
               



             and David Fitzgibbons; the prisoner was there getting on her clothes; the prosecutor went in before me about fifteen minutes; I saw a comb in his hand, it had some mark upon it, but I cannot read, I do not know that I should know it again, it was like pricks with a pin, or a fork; I asked her if she had any of this man's property, to give it to him; she said, she was determined to go and bring him what she had; at last, after we had persuaded her a great while, she put her hand into her bosom, and pulled out a smart ticket and a five-pound note; she let the five-pound note drop upon the floor; William Welch picked up the five-pound note; then she came up close to me, and put into my hand six guineas in gold, and two seven-shilling-pieces; it was not all in guineas, but to the amount of six guineas; I counted it out upon the table; after that I begged if she had any more of that man's property, that she would give it up to him; Fitzgibbons said, if she would give him his discharge, he would make her a present of the property; she said, if she had what she gave back, she would give none; she then went to the window, and out of the ledge of the window she took a paper, and flung it out in the yard; a little body that slept in her room went down into the yard; she came up again, and said, that there was no such a thing; William Welch and Fitzgibbons, and she and I, went part of the way to Bow-street; we met one of the officers coming for us, and then we went to Bow-street, and I know no more of it.
Prisoner. She would eat the print off the Bible, for she was jealous of me at one time, and would swear any thing against me.


                  WILLIAM
                   WELCH
               



             sworn. - I am a chandler, in Market-lane, St. James's: I went to Little Wild-street on the 17th of July last, and knocked at the door, Fitzgibbons was with me, Mrs. Malony, and another woman, were below stairs, a lodger of Mrs. Malony's; the prisoner's bed stood across the door; I saw her there, and I told Mrs. Malony I wanted that woman; I said to her, how could you take this poor man's property and keep it all night, the poor man is almost raving mad; she asked me what o'clock it was; I told her I believed it was nigh ten; then she said that she was coming down with it, but she had forgot herself lying to long; she then pulled the blanket over her head, and hid herself for a minute, and then asked what I wanted with her; then Mrs. Malony came into the apartment, and the prosecutor, and she went upon her knees, and told her they did not want to prosecute her, but only to give up the property; then she totally denied it, and asked what it was that they wanted; I said, you had better give it up, for if you do not, I shall certainly go and get a constable immediately; I then went to a public-house to enquire for a constable; afterwards I went up again, and she said she would use means to know what right we had there; I thendesired her again to give up the property, or I would get an officer from Bow-street; then Mrs. Malony said it was very proper that I should see, and she went along with me to Bow-street, but there was no officer there, but they told me Potter would most likely be the first, and they would send him; I returned, and when they opened the door, now, says I, the officer is coming; she said, I am very willing to go; she went towards the window, and pulled something out of her bosom, which seemed to me, by what the woman said, to be a smart ticket, and, at the same time, the note dropped; I picked it up, and found it was a five pound note,(produces it); at that instant, she put something into Mrs. Malony's hand; Mrs. Malony opened her hand, and said, you hussey, do you think I will accept of any poor man's property; Mr. Welch, see what is there; I reckoned the money up, and found it to amount, altogether, to six guineas and two seven-shilling-pieces; then I was very happy that I had got so much of the money; she said to me, now Welch, I will swear a robbery against you; she then said, she was willing to go to Bow-street; I said, you shall go, for I will not quit you till you do; we went along, and met Potter, the officer, and they took her backwards to search her, but what they found upon her I cannot be answerable.
Cross-examined by the Prisoner. Q. In what part of the town did you see me and Fitzgibbons together? - A. At my door, about the hour of four o'clock, on the 16th of July, at the back part of the Opera-house.
Court. Q. How far is that from Lisle-street? - A. About two hundred yards.
Q. Did you know either of them before? - A. Yes, Fitzgibbons was my lodger.
Q.Had you known Eleanor before? - A. Yes, for years.
Q. Had they been acquainted together before that time? - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. Have you any reason to believe that they had? - A. No; I have no reason to believe they had, because the man is but lately come from sea.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see Fitzgibbons and me going into the public-house? - A. No, I did not.


                  GEORGE
                   DONALDSON
               



             sworn. - I am an officer; I received the comb from the prosecutor, by the direction of Mr. Floud, the Magistrate. (Produces it).
Q. Had you any conversation with the prisoner? - A. No.
Fitzgibbons. This is the same comb that the prisoner took from me, I delivered it to Donaldson.


                  WILLIAM
                   POTTER
               



             sworn. - I am a Bow-street officer: I searched the prisoner, but did not find any thing upon her relative to this business.
MARGARET BEARDON sworn. - I live in Little Wild-street: The prisoner came to me to a public-house where I was getting a pennyworth of beer, at ten o'clock at night.
Q. Did she produce to you a comb? - A. Yes, she gave it to me; Fitzgibbons said it was his, and took it away.
Q.Did you observe any particular marks upon it? - A. No; I should not know it again.
Q. Did you see any smart ticket; I saw a paper in my room; she slept there that night.
Q.Had you any conversation with her that morning? - A. No; only about family affairs, of men and their wives.
Q.Perhaps, among those family affairs, there was something about Bank-notes? - A. No.
Q. Nor combs? - A. No; only she said she had been to her brother's; and she gave me a guinea, a pocket-handkerchief, and a pair of stockings; and this was in a public tap-room.
Q. How long had you known Eleanor? - A. Between ten and eleven years.
Q. How long before this time had you seen her? - A.Either a month, or five weeks; I cannot say exactly.
Prisoner's defence. The property is all my own, I beg to have my property; I had got a basket of strawberries upon my head, when I met with two of Mr. Welch's lodgers, and two of his lewd girls, for he keeps half a dozen tit houses; we went together with this Fitzgibbons and Welch, and the other lodger, to this public-house, and we had some porter; this prosecutor bought a pottle of strawberries, and put them in one of these girl's aprons; and when I went away, going along, I picked up a piece of paper, I could not read, and I showed it to a person of the name of Patrick Ryan, he desired me to keep it, for it belonged to some poor fellow; and the next morning Fitzgibbons and Welch came and used me very ill, and said I had robbed the old man; I went with them to Bow-street; they broke my box open, and used me very ill.


                  PATRICK
                   RYAN
               



             sworn. - I am a house-keeper, in Dartmouth-row, Westminster, I am a marketman: I have known the prisoner ten years.
Q. Did she ever ask you to read a paper? - A. I do not recollect it.
Q. Did you ever hear of her picking up a paper in the street? - A. Yes; I heard that in Darmouthrow, and I heard it at Leadenhall-market.
Q. Who did you hear that from? - A. From some of the market men; she has talked to me about it since she has been at Clerkenwell, but I do not remember it. 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 29.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Lord ELDON.
