





(
               
                  John
                   Belville
               



             put to the bar.)
Mr. Recorder. Can you speak English, as to be perfectly satisfied with what they may swear against you? - No.
Do you wish for an interpreter? - Yes.
Do you wish for an interpreter to interpret into French or German?
Mr. Fielding. Do you desire to have an interpreter? - If you please.
Are you not master enough of the English language, to understand what is sworn against you? - No, not many words.
112. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BELVILLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of January
 last, in the parish of St. George's, Hanover-square, two silver candlestick nossels, value 10 s. a silver snuffer-stand, value 2 l. 12 s. a pair of silver snuffers, value 15 s. the property of our Lord 
                     
the King




                  , in his dwelling house
            .
(The interpreter sworn.)
(The case opened by Mr. Fielding.)
May it please your Lordship. Gentlemen of the Jury, you have collected bythis time, from the indictment which has been stated, that the charge against the prisoner is that of stealing silver plate from one of the royal palaces at one of the Queen's houses. Miss Burney, a lady who has the honour of attending her Majesty, has apartments at the Queen's house: the prisoner had been formerly in her service; he knew the apartments and the property, and how to gain access; but I believe, at the time when the present felony was committed, he was not in her service; the felony was certainly committed on the 25th of January last. Gentlemen, some time in February following, a Mr. Heather, to whom the public have been in very many instances extremely indebted, as a pawnbroker, was applied to by the prisoner, who pulled from his pocket several pieces of silver; Mr. Heather immediately suspected him; he searched him; and in his pocket he found other pieces; he gave immediate notice to Sir 
               
                  Sampson
                   Wright
               



            ; the man was apprehended; he had not undergone an examination long, before he was sent to a neighbouring house; and a person of the name of Macmanus happened to be there; the man, alarmed at his situation, asked him what would become of him? Macmanus said it was impossible for him to say; probably he might be hanged; but told him the best thing he could do, was to tell all he knew; in consequence of that he then made the discovery, which I humbly conceive would have been better for him to have made to day; that he was walking in St. James's Park; he saw this property; he was in extreme distress, and was tempted to go into those apartments to take this property; I shall therefore call to you the maid of Miss Burney, who discovered the nossels of the candlesticks being taken away; the consequence of the discovery made to Mr. Macmanus; he likewise told him the place where he resided; he immediately went to his apartments; and there some other property was found, bearing the royal arms of England. You, gentlemen, will hear the evidence, and then there can be no doubt in your minds of his guilt.


                  ELIZABETH
                   GOTER
               



             sworn.
I live servant with Miss Burney; she attends the person of the Queen, and has apartments in Buckingham-house


, in a passage below the Queen's dressing-room. I knew the prisoner when he was a livery servant
 to Miss Burney, four years ago next May; there are porters at the door; on the 24th of January last, I snuffed the candles out, and left two candlesticks on the table; one I left burning in a bason, and one the servant took down stairs; so that there were three candlesticks left on the table in the room, and a pair of silver snuffers, and a silver snuffer-stand; I am not certain whether I shut the outer door of the sitting room, that goes into the passage; and I slept in the bed-chamber with Miss Burney.


                  WILLIAM
                   MOSS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Miss Burney. On the morning of the 25th of January, when I went into her apartment at half after seven, I found two nossels taken out of two of the candlesticks, and the snuffers and stand gone.


                  JOHN
                   BECK HEATHER
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, in Long Acre. On Friday, the 4th of February, I received a hand-bill from Sir 
               
                  Sampson
                   Wright
               



            's office, desiring me to be very particular if any of the property of the royal family should be offered to be pledged; on that Friday, about twenty minutes after, about twelve o'clock, I was called into the shop by my servant, and saw the prisoner, who had been offering this plate to sell to my servant; I asked him how he came by this three pieces which were brought to me by my servant? and he said he had had them seven years; I seized him by the collar, and charged him with robbing Buckingham-house; he said he had had the silver seven years by him; I searched him, and found this piece on him, in his right hand waistcoat pocket: I sent for a constable, and he was taken to Sir 
               
                  Sampson
                   Wright
               



            's.


                  MOSES
                   MORANT
               



             sworn.
I am an officer of Sir Sampson Wright's.

I searched the prisoner; and in his left-hand waistcoat pocket, I found these three pieces; I said nothing to him; he had no examination before he went to the Brown Bear.


                  PATRICK
                   MACMANUS
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner; I saw him at the office; I heard him tell Sir Sampson that he found those first pieces of silver, rolled up in a paper, in Tavistock-street; Sir Sampson asked him several questions, and desired me to go oyer with him into the back parlour at the Brown Bear; and I talked to him a great while; and he still continued in the story that he told Sir Sampson; then I said I must go to St. James's; and he said, whatever gaol I go to, you will come and see me; I shall want to speak to you; then he desired me to put out the keeper of Bridewell's servant, who was in the room, which I did, and he went out; then he told me it was the Queen's plate; that is, the pieces that he before said he he had found; he asked me, what do you think they will do to me? I said, why what is found upon you will very likely cast you for death; and denying the rest will do you no good; it will only make you more roguish; then I told him to say no more; and Sir Sampson sent for him, and asked what he had to say? and he turned round to me, and said I was to speak to Sir Sampson; and up in a garret, No. 27, Denmark-street, in a room of Mrs. Coltaines's, who used to wash for him; I found her lodging there; I went up stairs, to the top of the stairs; and I found a trunk there which I took to Bow-street; and the prisoner gave me the key; the prisoner had before that told me he had a trunk in that room, in the garret; I recollect now, Morant gave him the key, and he gave it to me.
Morant. I took his keys from him, amongst which was this key.
Macmanus. I found these in the trunk.
(One silver nossel, a pair of silver snuffers, and stand, produced.)
Mrs. Goter. I believe these are things I left in the room.
- WILLIAMS sworn.
I belong to the silver scullery; I deliver out the plate to the several apartments. Miss Burney had a long while in her care, four candlesticks, a pair of snuffers and stand; these are the same I delivered to her: (looks at the three pieces of plate which Mr. Heather shewed him, and the little piece that Mr. Heather found in his pocket): that has no mark; but the royal arms are on the other; and the royal arms are also on one of the pieces taken by Morant; there are part of the arms on the nossel; they are the property of his Majesty.
Court to Mr. Heather. Have you weighed the silver? - Yes.
What is the value of it? - It is worth four pounds two shillings, at five shillings per ounce.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
As I had pleaded what I have done to Sir Sampson, when I delivered myself over to Sir Sampson and to Mr. Macmanus, I hoped he would have begged the favour of the Jury, if I was to have been tried, to have mercy on me, a poor unfortunate foreigner! necessity has drove me to it; when I went out in the morning, I had not a farthing in money; I had not a thought to go there; but this lady has been the cause of my coming down so low in this country: I came home with a gentleman, a Captain Brown; I lived with him six years; I was persuaded to go into Miss Burney's service; when I came there, I was quite innocent in a case like that; I was not there a fortnight, before I found some enemy against me; I was not there above three months; it brought an illness upon me which put me quite in confusion; I have wrote several letters to Miss Burney, that if she will say as she should say, that I am not quite right in my head at times, from illness and distress; but all I beg now, is for God's sake, if the Jury will beso kind to shew mercy to me, a poor unfortunate creature! and I promise to go as soon as I can get a little money among my countrymen here; I wish to go home to my native country, and never to return to England any more; I could have brought several respectable gentlemen in the city, who know me, to my character, but I had not money to send for them.
Court to Macmanus. Did you go to the trunk the same day, where he told you it was? - Immediately.
Was it in the office that the prisoner gave you the key? - Yes.




               GUILTY, 39 s.
            

To be 


               transported to the eastern coast of New South Wales, for seven years
            . (Aged 38.)
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
