






536. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MORGAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of October
, two jackets, value 2s. two pair of trowsers, value 12d. an iron tobacco-box, value 6d. a piece of foreign coin, called a pistoreen, value 6d. and a guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Paul 
                     Johnson
                  




               
            .


                  PAUL
                   JOHNSON
               



             sworn. - I belong to the ship Mary; she was lying at Limehouse Reach-dock


; I laid down in my hammock: On the 5th of October, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Hutchins
               



             and 
               
                  Daniel
                   Branning
               



             were on board; 
               
                  Thomas
                   Hutchins
               



             waked me; I missed two jackets, and two pair of trowsers; they had hung upon a nail, close to my hammock, there was a tobacco-box, a guinea, and a Spanish pistoreen gone; then I saw my thing lying under the cabin ladder; then I saw the prisoner crawling under my hammock.
Q. Had he any thing to do with your ship? - A. No; then I went and searched the pockets for my money; I found my money, but my tobacco-box was gone; after the prisoner had been secured two hours, he took the tobacco-box out of his pocket; I told him it was mine; he said, no; then I took it from him; it was mine, I can swear to it, the watchman has got it.


                  THOMAS
                   HUTCHINS
               



             sworn. - I am a sailor
, I belong to the ship Mary; I slept about three yards from Johnson; I walked a little after twelve o'clock; I heard somebody creeping about where I slept; there was no light; I got out of bed, and went to the ladder; I felt about and found a broomstick, and I felt under my feet some clothes; I then called to Daniel Branning, and told him there was somebody in the ship, and he must get up; I told him to take possession of the ladder till I got a light; we got a candle and saw the clothes; we looked a little farther and saw the prisoner lying flat upon his face, about two yards from the ladder; I turned him over, and asked him, how he came there; he said, he did not know; I asked him how he came in the dock; he said he was lifted over the gates by a man and a woman, then we immediately tied him with a rope.


                  DANIEL
                   BRANNING
               



             sworn. - I am a seaman on board the ship Mary; I was disturbed in the night by 
               
                  Thomas
                   Hutchins
               



            , he told me there was somebody in the ship; I told him to get me a stick, he got a light, and we saw the prisoner lying down; I asked him what he was doing in the ship; he told me, he could not tell; I asked him how he came over the gate; he said he knew a man and two women belonging to two ships in the dock; I told him it was false, there was no woman there, but the man's wife, and he would not let any man come to her; and then we pinned him behind.


                  THOMAS
                   BURDON
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman; I was called on board the ship Mary, about a quarter after two in the morning; I took the prisoner into custody. (The property was produced and deposed to by Johnson.)
Prisoner's defence. I was very much intoxicated in liquor, and how I got on board this ship I do not know.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
