






310. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th day of April
, one wooden cask, value 1s. 6d. two gallons of peppermint, value 15s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Fassest
                  



               
            , Sir 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Burnett
                  



               
            , Knt.
 and 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Burnett
                  



               
            , the younger.
WILLIAM DIXON sworn. - I am not connected with Fasset, I saw the robbery committed, I am a hosier in Fenchurch street


; On the 8th of this month, about two in the afternoon, on the Saturday, I observed the two prisoners for some time, following different carts which had goods in them, they at last fixed their attention upon the cart belonging to the prosecutors; that they should not observe me, I went into Mr. Wilson's, a hatter's; I had not been in above two minutes before the prisoner, Turner, who had an apron on, pulled it off, and gave it to the other prisoner, Jones, to put on; Jones then walked round the cart, and Turner stood watching; a cart went by, and the prisoner Jones took the opportunity and got upon the wheel of the prosecutor's cart, and took this cask out,(the cask produced); as soon as he got down I ran out and secured him, he had it under his arm; I took him to a grocer's shop, where the cart stood, and a friend of mine came up, and I and him ran after Turner, and secured him. I am sure it is the same cask, it contains two gallons of peppermint.


                  JAMES
                   WILSON
               



             sworn. - I am a hatter, in Fenchurch-street: I saw the prisoner, Jones, take the cask out of the cart; I am sure this is the cask; I had the case of it till Mr. Dixon came back.


                  JOHN
                   KING
               



             sworn. - I am a sugar-factor: I was coming up Fenchurch-street on the 8th of April, about two o'clock, I saw the two prisoners at the bar, and they being pointed out as suspicious characters I was induced to watch them; at that time, the tallest man had an apron on, the other had not; I observed a cart, and I went round the corner of Philpot-lane, and during that time coaches passed and I could not see; they made no alteration in their dress, except that the other man had the apron on, and he appeared like a grocer's porter; I saw the prisoner, Jones, go round to the right-hand wheel, and take the cask out of the cart, and he brought it down upon his arm; I followed Turner up a passage and took him. Those are the two men I am positive.


                  THOMAS
                   PERRY
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: I have had the cask in my possession ever since it was delivered to me at Mr. Bell's, grocer, Fenchurch-street.


                  SAMUEL
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn. - I am carman to Messrs. Fassett and Co. I was at the bottom of Paul's-head court, I was delivering some goods at a house in the court; I had two casks of liquor to deliver, and while I was delivering them, I heard the alarm given that my cart had been robbed, and I found this cask deficient, it contains two gallons of peppermint; there is a mark upon it, it is what they call a crow's foot, it is a private mark.
Prisoner Turner's defence. As I was walking along, that gentleman came and bid me come back, I know nothing of it.
Prisoner Jones's defence. As the cart was standing by the end of the court, a man asked me to take the keg out for him, I took the cask out, and those gentlemen run from over the way, and took hold of me; I know nothing of this young man, I am entirely innocent.
The prisoner, Turner, called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.


                  James
                   Turner
               



            , 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 25.)


                  Thomas
                   Jones
               



            , GUILTY (Aged 20.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
