





732. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BLANEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 23d of September
, a linen sheet, value 10 s. three linen sheets, value 12 s. a cotton gown, value 8 s. a stuff gown, value 15 s. a pair of stays, value 12 s. a cotton bed gown, value 1 s. and a cotton counterpane, value 8 s. the goods of 
                     
                        Susanna 
                        Madden
                     




                   in her dwelling house
            .


                  SUSANNA
                   MADDEN
               



             sworn.
I lost three shirts, &c. last month; on the 23d of September, they were up in the one pair of stairs room; I was sorting my dirty linen, and I went down stairs, and when I went up again I saw the prisoner with the things in her apron on my own stairs.
Q. Was she a lodger in the house? - I never saw her before.
Q. Did you stop her? - She went out of my own passage, and I followed her out into the court, and I saw the top of my own stays, O dear, says I, you have robbed me; I immediately laid hold of her.
Q. Then you lost sight of her? - Yes, I did, but I followed her and I saw the stays; she knocked me down, she gave me three blows.
Q. Did you secure her at that time? - I could not, she knocked me down in my own place, and made her escape.
Q. When was she secured? - The same evening.
Q. What became of the things? - She threw them down in my own parlour; I followed her into the court, and pulled her back when I saw they were my own things into the house again; I have got the things, they are in court.


                  PHILLIP
                   JOSTLING
               



             sworn.
I got these things the next day after the robbery before the magistrate, with a black gown, which the magistrate told me to let the woman have, but I put my name inside of it.

Madden. My husband was buried on the Sunday as I was robbed on Monday, they are all my things.
Q. What value do you put on them? - I wish to be reasonable to the prisoner.
Prisoner. I was taken up on another affair, and this constable made the woman say that I was the woman, because I had a dark bed gown on, and some woman came to me and said, if I would give her two guineas to give the constable, she would forgive me.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing to the value of 30 s. (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
