





619. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     CLAYTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of July
, thirty yards of silk ribbon, value 14 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Gaywood
                  




               
            , spinster
.


                  ELIZABETH
                   GAYWOOD
               



             sworn.
I am a single woman, an haberdasher
; I live in Pelham-street, No. 31.


 The last Tuesday in July, at seven in the morning, the prisoner at the bar came in my shop, and asked to see some black ribbon, I shewed him a drawer of ribbons, and he picked out one, and he desired me to cut him a yard off; which I did; he desired to see some coloured ones; the ones I shewed him were not broad enough, he should like to see some broader, if I had none others that would do, he would have some out of that; which he did; I shewed him another drawer, but he chose some out of the first; then Mr. Bothroyd came in, he lives opposite, and informed me the prisoner had robbed me; I did not miss any; we detained the prisoner; he taxed the prisoner with having robbed me, and I saw one piece fall from his hand on the counter, after Mr. Bothroyd taxed him, it was half a piece of black ribbon; I did not find any more of mine about him.
Q. Was that the piece of ribbon that you sold him? - No.
Q Can you say that was your ribbon? - Yes, by the private mark U. I have it in my pocket with me, I have the piece which he dropped in the drawer; I saw one piece drop, and I picked it up, and Mr. Bothroyd saw one piece drop, and he picked it up, there was one pink and one black ribbon; the one is worth seven shillings, and the other eight shillings.
Q. Had he paid for that he bought? - I had not taken his money up, it lay on the counter; I returned it to him again and he returned me the ribbon.
Mr. Knowlys. Had you finished the dealing when Mr. Bothroyd came in? - We had.
Q. He had taken up several pieces in the time? - He had.
Q. When Mr. Bothroyd came in, had not he let it fall and was not he wiping offthe dust against his clothes? - There was none fell down.
Q. You did not see any gone till Mr. Bothroyd came in? - I did not.
Court. Did you know any was missing from the quantity? - I did not from the quantity, because there were so many together; I know it had the private mark.


                  JOHN
                   BOTHROYD
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter; I was at my own door; I saw the prisoner in conversation with Mrs. Gaywood, and dealing for some ribbon, and I see he had got his hand into her drawer, and at the same time taking a piece of pink ribbon up into his hand; the words that passed between the two parties I did not know at that time; she was going to take the drawer away, she turned herself about, at the time she turned herself about, he put that piece of pink ribbon in his coat pocket; also a piece of black ribbon; I saw them both; I then crossed over the way, went into the shop, shut to the door, and asked him if he meant to take these ribbons from the person that stood behind the counter? I take the ribbons; says he, what do you mean by it? why says I, I mean what I say; you have two pieces of ribbon, that I say; he then shuffled, and in shuffling got his hand into his pocket, and took out the pink piece of ribbon which he threw into the drawer; immediately after he put his hand into his pocket, and took out the black piece, which it came unrolled in taking of it out, and in throwing of it on the counter Mrs. Gaywood laid hold of it, and said it was her property. The pink ribbon was thrown into the drawer.
Q. Did she say it was her's? - She did.
Mr. Knowlys. You was over the way? - I was about twenty feet distant.
Q. You was the whole length of the street? - No, only the breadth.
Q. You are pretty sharp on me? - No, sir, I am not.
Q. There are two glass doors at the front I believe? - No, there is not; there is one glass door, a shop door and there is a house door, but I see him through the window.


                  WILLIAM
                   HOW
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I have five pieces of ribbon that does not belong to Mrs. Gaywood.
Prisoner. On Saturday before this Tuesday I bought several dozen of ribbons. On Sunday I was obliged to make use of some to tie my shoes with: on Tuesday I went in to buy some of that lady, I had a piece that was powdery, and I was wiping it off in this manner at my breeches, and this gentleman came in and accused me with stealing the ribbons, but he never said any thing about the pink ribbon at first, as that constable knows.
Mr. Knowlys to How. Did you hear any charge, any more than about the black ribbon? - I heard about a piece of pink, he said there were two pieces at first.
The prisoner called four witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 43.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before. Mr. RECORDER.
