





65. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM JESTERMAN 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of June
, two linen table-cloths, value 20s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Gordon
                  




               
            , Esq.




                  CHARLES
                   GORDON
               



            , Esq. sworn.
The prisoner was my servant; he was employed by me on the 30th of April, as a footman
; he continued in my service till the 14th of December, when I ordered him to give an account of what things he had in his box; instead of which, he eloped. During that time, I had several thefts committed in my house. I had no immediate suspicion of any one person in particular; but, as there were such thefts committed, I desired him to give some account of what he had in his care on the 14th of December. I examined the place where he kept his plate, and I found that several articles, that were in his charge, were missing: a couple of table spoons, a silver mug, &c.
Q. Did you miss any linen table-cloths? - A. Yes; and sundry other articles; the footman, you know, in general, has the use of the table linen. I could not charge him with them, but they were in his access. I concluded that he had taken them, because he had not given me a just account of what he had. My wife sent one of the servants out to the pawnbrokers, on the 24th of December; a pawnbroker came to me, and informed me a person was stopped at their shop, and was in custody; he was carried to the sitting Justice in Great Marlborough-street. I attended his examination at the office, when two table-cloths were produced, they were my property; I knew them from the marks upon them: 
               
                  M.
                   G. 
               



            95 - I think, M. G. or M. C. G. I am not certain which.
SAMUEL HAMILTON sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Great Marlborough-street.

Q. What knowledge have you of this matter of Mr. Gordon's? - A. On the evening of the 23d of December, I was sent for to Mr. Harrison's, a pawnbroker, in Tottenham-court-road; I found the prisoner there; he had been stopped taking out a pledge of his own; upon searching him, I found some duplicates, two of which led to the property now produced, which was at Mr. Freer's, in Little Pultney-street; I went to Mr. Freer's, and found the cloths; he attended the examination; that is all I know.
- FREER sworn.
I am a pawnbroker in Little Pultney-street; I was not the person that took them in, they were taken in upon the 12th and 27th of June, as appears from the duplicates. The person that took them in has been at sea these six months.
Hamilton. The duplicates I found upon the prisoner, are the same dates; and correspond with the other two.
Q. (To Freer.) When did Hamilton come to your shop? - A. The 24th of December I believe; I am not quite positive. I attended at the office on the 26th of December; the table-cloths were produced there; I have had them in my possession ever since.
Mr. Gardon. These table-cloths are mine; they have the marks that I have stated.
Prisoner's defence. I don't know any thing of the table-cloths; I never had them in my care, but two a week, and, when they were dirty, they went up stairs, and as they came down they went up stairs again.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before The LORD CHIEF BARON.(There was another indictment against the prisoner, but being convicted of the first, he was not tried upon the second.)




[Transportation. See summary.]


