





272. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     CADMAN
                  




               
             was indictedfor 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of April
, forty pounds weight of lead, value 3s. 4d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Rutter
                        




                     
                  , fixed to a certain building used with, and belonging to his dwelling-house
            .


                  BENJAMIN
                   RUTTER
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 46, Newtoner's-lane, Drury-lane


; I have two houses, and this lead was taken from the two privies, they joined each other; I was very ill in bed at the time; it was on Sunday morning, the 21st of April; the prisoner was stopped by the watchman, and another person, who was a lodger of mine, with the lead; I saw it there with the prisoner on Sunday evening, at the watch-house; I weighed it, there were forty pounds of it.


                  HUGH
                   GARRET
               



             sworn. - I lodge at Mr. Rutter's: Between one and two o'clock, on the 21st of April, in the morning, I heard a noise; I got up, and saw the prisoner taking the lead off the privies; and then I saw him put it upon his arm; it was not very dark; I followed him close through Cross-lane into Parker's-street, where the watchman's box stood; I called to the watchman, and then he crossed into King-street; I told the watchman to take that man into custody; the watchman came up, and took him into his charge, and he was carried to the watch-house with the lead; he had it on his arm when we took him; then he threw it down, and I took it to the watch-house.


                  ROBERT
                   HUNGERFORD
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman; (produces the lead); I took the prisoner with this lead on his arm; I took possession of it at the watch-house, and have had it ever since.
Rutter. This lead came off my premises.
Prisoner's defence. I picked it up in the street.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 52.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
