





93. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     JARVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for feloniously 


               stealing, on the 10th of December
, one wooden tea caddy, value 2 s. seven linen handkerchiefs, value 7 s. a linen shirt, value 5 s. a pair of silk stockings, value 2 s. five check muslin handkerchiefs, the goods of the Honourable


                           Charles 
                           Wyndham
                        



                     
                  : And three linen pocket-handkerchiefs, value 3 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Junius 
                           Baker
                        



.


                  JUNIUS
                   BAKER
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Wyndham; the prisoner also lived as his valet-de-chambre
 (this was on the 10th of December), in Grosvenor-place


; I understood the prisoner had lodgings near Pimlico; he was a married man; on the 10th of December he was in Mr. Wyndham's service; there were several things missing before; on that day Townsend went and searched, and found the things.
(
               
                  John
                   Townsend
               



             and 
               
                  Francis
                   Margrett
               



             confirmed the above.)
The Hon. 
               
                  CHARLES
                   WYNDHAM
               



             sworn.
The prisoner lived with me about six months, and the first notice I had of any thing missing was of this 
               
                  Francis
                   Margrett
               



            ; on which I determined to take some measures to see who robbed me; Margrett first of all brought me up some dirty linen, which was not worn by me: after sending the first witness up to town, I called the prisoner at the bar, and told him the steps I was going to take, and made him deliver up all his keys to 
               
                  Junius
                   Baker
               



            ; he delivered them up very willingly; 
               
                  Junius
                   Baker
               



             sent me a letter; I came up to town, and went to Bow-street, and these goods produced were found at the prisoner's lodgings; he said, I did not mean to hang him; I told him I was determined to prosecute whoever I found out: I had a very good character from Lord 
               
                  Robert
                   Spencer
               



            .



               GUILTY
            , (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
