





620. 
               
                  
                     RACHEL 
                     DOWLING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of August
, one printed book, value 2 s. one ditto, value 1 s. one pin-cushion, in a wooden frame, value 6 d. one tortoiseshell snuff box, value 12 d. a ribbon, value 12 d. a shirt, value 5 s. a petticoat, value 4 s. two pair of worsted stockings, value 3 s. half a yard of dimity, value 12 d. a neck handkerchief, value 12 d. two silver table spoons, value 10 s. two silver desert ditto, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William Wheatley 
                           Hussey
                        



                     
                  ; a linen handkerchief, value 12 d. a pair of cotton stockings, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Nelson
                  



               
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Knowlys.)
- BRADLEY sworn.
I am a marshalman; Mr. Hussey's clerk came to me, and desired me to go to some pawnbroker's; I went, and afterwards to Mr. Hussey's, and I found a bundle in the copper hole; I have it here; the prisoner was given in charge to me; she said, she put these things in the copper hole; Mr. Hussey said, if she would ask pardon, he would let her have gone; there were no threats or promises made to her.
(The bundle produced.)


                  WILLIAM
                   WHEATLEY HUSSEY
               



             sworn.
I live in Broad-street


; the prisoner was my servant
 about a year and a half; we had missed several things: I saw this bundle inthe copper hole; it was either Tuesday or Thursday I think, the 26th of August; the prisoner was at that time our only servant; seeing the things, I had a suspicion, and I took them far enough out to look at them, and I put them back again to the same place, and I sent for Bradley; the prisoner was then in the laundry; Bradley staid in the parlour till she came into the kitchen, and he told her he was sent for, and he would search the kitchen, and he found the bundle in the copper hole; I charged her with the theft, and she said, she had put them there, and had pawned some stockings of mine, a shirt, and some other articles, the property of my wife, more particularly her's, which I cannot recollect; there were a great many duplicates in the bundle; I sent Mr. Bradley and Nelson together to the pawnbroker's; the shirt and stockings, and dimity cloth were produced before my Lord Mayor, and she confessed they were pawned by her.


                  GEORGE
                   NELSON
               



             sworn.
I am a clerk to Mr. Hussey; I went into the kitchen with Mr. Hussey; we took the bundle out of the copper hole, and examined it, and, among other things, we found these duplicates; we took them out; we replaced the bundle; that was before Bradley came; in consequence of finding these duplicates I went to Bradley, and we went to the pawnbrokers, and found the shirt, and some other things; the prisoner confessed that they were her master's, and that she had pawned them.
Court. Where did you find the stockings? - At Mr. Flude's, in Gracechurch-street.


                  JAMES
                   DALE
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I am a servant to Mr. Flude, in Gracechurch-street; I produce a shirt and apron, for 3 s. 2 d. a petticoat, and other things, pledged for 3 s. in the name of 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Dowling
               



            ; Mr. Nelson brought the duplicates; I know the handwriting; the petticoat and stockings were pawned the 14th of August; the shirt and apron on the 24th of April last; I do not recollect that it was the prisoner that pledged them; I cannot swear it was; I produced them before the Lord Mayor; I did not hear the prisoner say any thing before the Lord Mayor, except that a handkerchief was Mrs. Hussey's that was produced there; I did not hear her say any thing about the shirt.


                  HENRY
                   GALL
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Davis, in Bishopsgate-street; I produce two pair of stockings, pledged on the 3d of June last, in the name of 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Dowling
               



            ; I cannot say who they were pledged by; I have likewise a handkerchief, as a wrapper to a gown, that was pledged on the 11th of August, 1789; there is a duplicate for the gown; Mr. Nelson has got it: I attended before the Lord Mayor; the prisoner acknowledged that the stockings were the property of Mr. Hussey, and the handkerchief was Mr. Nelson's; nobody promised or threatened her.


                  ELIZABETH
                   HUSSEY
               



             sworn.
I am wife of Mr. Hussey; I know the shirt to be Mrs. Hussey's property; I know it by my own work; the prisoner said it was Mr. Hussey's before the Lord Mayor.
(Deposes to the articles.)
(Mr. Nelson deposes to his own stockings.)
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


