





370. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of May
, a pound and eight ounces of tea, value 4s.
             the property of the 
               
East-India Company




            .
Second Count. Laying it to be the property of certain persons to the Jurors unknown.
(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  THOMAS
                   MILLS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a labourer in the India Company's Warehouses, in Haydon-square, in the Minories


: The prisoner was a labourer
 at work also in the same warehouses; on the 14th of May I saw him put his great coat over his left shoulder and part of his left arm; he leaned across one side of the chest of tea that was open, and then his right hand he put into the chest of tea, and took out some tea, and put it underneath the left side of his coat; after that I saw him shake the coat several times, as if to shake the tea down; he then sat down for five or six minutes, then he doubled up his coat in a very care-taking manner, and put it upon a chest of tea three high, next to the wall; I told Mr. Joyce what I had seen; about two hours and a half after that, Mr. Joyce came up again, and desired Harris to go to the next floor to order some chests to be brought down to us to be mended; while the prisoner was gone, Mr. Joyce brought his coat, as it hung upon the nail, and there he found a quantity of tea, as he thought; he took the coat down and carried it to the accompting-room; I did not see the tea produced.
Q. Was that the prisoner's coat? - A. He owned it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. How many persons were there up stairs at this time? - A. I cannot tell.
Q. Was any body there but yourself, when he took the tea? - A. There were a great many in the same room.
Q. The coat remained till near one o'clock in the room where all these people were at work? - A. Yes.
Q. You are in the Company's military service? - A. I was.
Q. You have been dismissed from that Company? - A. Yes.
Q. Have you had any ill-blood in consequence of your dismission? - A. No, never in my life.
Q. Do you mean to swear that? - A. Yes.

Q. Do you deny that you ever had any dispute with the prisoner? - A. It is unknown to me if I have.
Q. Will you swear that you have had no quarrel with him? - A. I do not know that I ever had.


                  THOMAS
                   JOYCE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am an Assistant-elder in the Company's warehouses: In consequence of the information of the last witness, I went on the 14th of May up into the warehouses, about half past one; I saw the prisoner at the bar there, his duty called him to work in a place surrounded with tea open; I ordered him and others upon other business; I clapped my hand upon his coat as it was hanging up, and felt a very great bulk in the pocket of it, and I took it down to the accompting-house, to the Elder's office, and left it with Mr. Bourne, and told him I would fetch him the owner; I went into the yard, and called John Harris, and he came immediately; Mr. Bourne asked him if that was his coat, he said, yes; he asked him how the tea came in his pocket, and he said he did not know. I saw the tea weighed; it was Congou tea; there was upwards of a pound and a half; there was a vacancy in one of the chests.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You did not communicate your intention before you went into the room where the prisoner was? - A. No.
Q. He hung his coat up very near you? - A. Yes.
Q. Is it not usual for persons to be searched and rubbed down? - A. Yes.
Q. And a man cannot hope to get off with any quantity? - A. No.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Where was this pocket? - A. An inside breast-pocket.


                  WILLIAM-PALMER
                   BOURNE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a King's locker: I saw the great coat brought into the accompting-house; I took this tea out of it, (producing it); I asked the prisoner if this coat was his, and he said, yes, it was; I asked him how he came by the tea, he said, he did not know any thing of the tea; he said he had put some bread and cheese in his pocket, but knew nothing of the tea; there was some bread, but no cheese.
Q. Was the bread over or under the tea? - A. Over the tea.
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing at all about the tea being in my pocket.
The prisoner called William Starke with whom he had lodged two years, and who gave him a good character.
Mr. Knapp. Q. How many names may this man have? - A. I cannot say; people have called him nicknames; they have asked for him sometimes by the name of 
               
                  John
                   Harris
               



            , sometimes Oliver Beard, and sometimes Harlequin.
Court. Q. By what name did he announce himself to you? - A. By the name of 
               
                  Oliver
                   Beard
               



            . 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 50.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
