





136. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  JOSLYN
               




             was indicted 


               for feloniously stealing, on the 6th of February, one pair of linen sheets, value 5s. one calimanco petticoat, value 3s. and one calico morning gown, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Carrison
               




            .
SUSANNAH CARRISON sworn. I am a married woman, my husband's name is William Carrison; I have a second floor, at No. 286, Strand


; I went out on Monday week, the 6th of February, about three o'clock, and about eight I returned, and found my bed-room door open.
Q. Had you left it fastened? - A. I cannot say whether it was locked; I missed a pair of sheets I had just taken off the bed before I went out, a calico printed morning-gown, and a calimanco petticoat; the next day I searched the pawnbrokers, I suppose about a dozen, and I found all my property at a Mr. Friere's, a pawnbroker's.
Q. Did you know any thing of the prisoner? - A. No; I had never seen him, to the best of my knowledge.
NESON BEAR sworn. - Q. What are you? - A. I am a Jew, I buy clothes; I went in the street about my business, and the prisoner met me; he offered to sell me a duplicate he had of some clothes in pawn on Thursday last; he did not tell me where he had pawned them, I never saw him before; I asked him how much he wanted for it, he said, three shillings; I gave him an answer I would give him three shillings, but he should go along with me, and let me see them, because I cannot read this language, I am a stranger to this country; he went with me (I cannot tell the street), to Mr. Friere's, a pawnbroker; I went in and gave the duplicate to the man to let me see the clothes, but he did not, he said he should let me see them by and by; at the same time he sent for an officer, and gave charge of me.
Q. Did he give the prisoner in charge as well as you? - A. He charged the officer with both of us.


                  JOHN
                   WOOD
               



             CAFFLE sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Friere, pawnbroker, in Little Pulteney-street, Golden-square: On the 6th of February, about eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came and offered a pair of linen sheets, a calico bed-gown, a calimanco petticoat, and two gowns, which are not mentioned in this indictment, to pledge, and asked one guinea and an half for them; I lent him a guinea upon them.
Q. Had he ever been at your house before? - A. Not that I know of, I had never seen him before.
Q. Did you ask him any questions about the goods? - A. He told me they were his property, that he had his goods seized, and wanted to make up this money to save his goods that were seized; the next day Mrs. Carrison came with some patterns of things which he had pledged the over-night; she saw them, and said they were her property; on Thursday night following the last witness brought the duplicate of the things, and asked to see them; the prisoner waited at the outside of the door; I, in the mean while, sent to Marlborough-street, and got an officer and took them both up.


                  JOHN
                   WARREN
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of Marlborough street, On Thursday, the 9th of this month, I was sent for to Mr. Friere's; I took Bear into custody; he said, it was not him, that it was a man that waited at the outside of the door that gave him the duplicate; I went out and fetched the prisoner into the shop; I searched him, and found these pick lock-keys, (produces them); he told me, while I was searching him, that he was a smith by trade.
Q. Did you find all those keys? - A. Yes; they are what are called skeletons.
Prisoner. The keys are my property; I keep a smith's shop
.
Witness. I took him to the Office, he was committed, and the Jew was bound over; the prisoner was very willing to go along with me;(Casstle produces the goods).

Mrs. Carrison. The sheets are mine, they are marked; the calico morning-gown was made out of a long gown, I have a piece of it in my pocket; the petticoat is mine, I had not enough of it, and I have mended it with black and blue.
Prisoner's defence. On Monday week last, in the evening, going towards Little Pulteney-street, (I keep a house in Spur-street, Leicester-square) I met a man who had formerly worked with me, about fourteen years ago; he asked me to go and pledge some things for him, he had sent his wise to Birmingham, and he was going for her; I told him if they were his property I would pledge them; I went to Mr. Friere's, and pledged them for a guinea in his name, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Smith
               



            ; I brought him out the guinea, and gave him the duplicate; he asked me if I would have any thing to drink, I said I don't care; as he was going away he gave it me again; he said, you may make the best use of them you can, if I don't take them out in two days; coming along Marlborough-street, I met this Jew; I said to myself, If this Jew will have them he shall; the pawnbroker has said, that I never pledged any thing there; I can produce in Court duplicates that me and my wife have had, of things we have pledged.
Warren. He had duplicates about him when I searched him. (The prisoner shews Caffle a duplicate).
Caffle. This is our duplicate; but I don't remember seeing the man.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 42). 


               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice ROOKE.
