





128. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th day of May
, one guinea
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Blackburne
                  




               
            , Esq
.
A second count for stealing two guineas, the monies of 
               
                  John
                   Blackburne
               



            . Esq.


                  JOHN
                   BLACKBURNE
               



            , Esq. sworn.
On Friday, the 11th of May, I had reason to suspect some money had been taken out of my bureau, and being willing to find out the offender, the beginning of the week before last I marked seven guineas and a half, and placed them near a canvass bag in the bureau; I marked them with a cross under the curl of the George side of the guinea; the escrutore I then locked, and gave the key to Mrs. Blackburne; and upon coming to the escrutore on the Wednesday morning I found it open, and one of the marked guineas taken out; on Friday, the 11th of May, the prisoner brought with him ten pounds, in guineas, half guineas, and silver, all of which were particularly marked in the O of George; this ten pounds so marked we put into the canvass bag to the six guineas and a half that were left; on my return from the House of Commons, about nine o'clock, I found the bureau again opened; on examining the bag I discovered two guineas and a half were gone; on this I went to Mr. Potter, and desired him to come down and do what we could to discover the offender; I called all the servants into the parlour and desired Mr. Potter would search; upon searching 
               
                  John
                   Williams
               



             we found two marked guineas in his purse.


                  GEORGE
                   POTTER
               



             sworn.
I searched Williams myself; this is the purse and these the two guineas; (produced) these two guineas were put into a canvass bag, (shewn to the jury).
Mrs. BLACKBURNE sworn.
I kept the key of the bureau all the day after Mr. Blackburne had locked it; I never opened it or gave the key to any body; the bureau was in my dressing room, and other servants had certainly access to it.


                  ISAAC
                   BLACKBURNE
               



             sworn.
Mrs. Blackburne having lost money fromher bureau, on Thursday, the 10th of May, Mrs. Blackburne shewed me six guineas and a half, in a canvass bag: one guinea that was found on the prisoner, I am sure was in the canvass bag on Thursday morning.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.
The prisoner called four witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.




[Transportation. See summary.]


