






83. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MATTHEWS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     LARTER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of November
, three hundred and seventy yards of printed callico, value 64 l. one hundred and sixty-eight yards, value 10 l. six yards ditto, value 18 s. three yards ditto, value 3 s. three yards ditto, value 3 s. five yards and a quarter of blue damask, value 35 l. and four damask tablecloths, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Oakley
                        




                     
                  ; eighty-four pieces of nankeen, value 28 l. the goods of George - , in the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        George
                         Oakley
                     



.
(The case opened by Mr. Garrow.)
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  GEORGE
                   OAKLEY
               



             sworn.
I live in St. Paul's church-yard


, an upholsterer
; the prisoner Matthews came to me the 14th of last February; he was my porter
. About the 15th of November there was a quantity of nankeens missing. I was loth to suspect I had a thief in my house. I did nothing when I missed the nankeens; but on Wednesday, the 23d of November, I missed a quantity of printed callico, and I apprehended Matthews.
Mr. Knowlys, Prisoners Counsel. Have you any partner? - No.
You say, you apprehended the prisoner? - I did.
When was that? - On the 23d of November.
He was taken before the Lord-Mayor? - He was.
How many examinations did he undergo? - Twice.
He was discharged then? - He was.
Did you offer to take him into your service again on his being discharged before the Lord Mayor? - I did not.
How many times did he call at your house after he was discharged at the Lord Mayor's? - I requested him to call at my house several times.
I believe, at the extent of fourteen days? - No, not so long; I did it, that I might take an opportunity of finding out his accomplice. I told him, I should persevere in it.


                  ELIZABETH
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. 
               
                  George
                   Oakley
               



            , a servant of all work. I know the prisoner at the bar; I saw Larter at our house the 20th of November; I made tea for him in company of the other; he came to visit 
               
                  John
                   Matthews
               



            . I cannot say I observed any thing of Matthews, except that he had plenty of money, and to all appearance he did not seem to have much when he first came. My orders were at night to see the porter's candle out. I have looked at times down stairs, having a well stair-case, and seen his candle alight; in consequence I have called to him, and he has answered, he would put it out presently, or when he pleased. He slept in the shop.


                  JONATHAN
                   SIMS
               



             sworn.
I live in Cartwright-square, East Smithfield, a woolcomber; I know one of the prisoners perfectly well, Larter, these seven years. Larter called at my house the 2d of October, and he asked me if I would go to his house with him; I went, and when I came there I saw Matthews, and they shewed me a piece of printed callico; and I asked Larter, in the presence of Matthews, who it belonged to? Larter said, it belonged to that person. I asked who Matthews was, and whether I could purchase it safe? Larter told me, I could; and that he was a very honest man. I gave Matthews the money myself, 40 s. for twenty yards in one piece; I paid to Matthews 40 s. and took it away with me. I sawLarter in the course of the week; he called with the fellow-piece to that I purchased; he left it on the Sunday morning following, they both came to my house together, that was twenty-one yards; they called to be paid for the piece left in the week; I paid them two guineas for it; I believe Matthews took the money. In the course of five or six weeks, from the 2d of October, I purchased nineteen fine pieces of printed callico, containing twenty-one yards each, and three coarse ones, containing about twenty-eight yards; they laid by me for a month. I also in the course of the same time purchased twenty pieces of nankeen, all brought in the course of that time; Larter, on the week I bought the twenty pieces of nankeen, brought eighteen of them on a week day, and on the next Sunday Matthews himself called at my house, and he asked me if I had had any nankeens brought me by Larter? I told him, I had eighteen; and he took two out of his pocket, for which I paid 7 s. for the two pieces. I paid for the eighteen after the same manner, and he told me I might call at Larter's house, and pay him for the eighteen; I called on the same Sunday in the afternoon, and paid at the same rate, 3 s. 6 d. a piece; likewise for a handkerchief Larter left at our house, containing a piece of bed tick, a bit of plain callico, and two striped pieces of cotton, red and white small stripe. I did not settle for them four little articles. I had all the nankeens by me that I bought, except two pieces, that were pawned; the nankeens ran about six yards a piece; the twenty pieces were all separate pieces; part were pledged to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Arthur
               



             by my wife; other part disposed of to Mr. 
               
                  Solomon
                   Jewel
               



            , and brought back again to me at the time those two pieces were pawned. 
               
                  Solomon
                   Jewel
               



             had two pieces out for to sell, and I got them back again at the time Mr. Oakley applied to me; he had others, which he had sold for me.
Mr. Knowlys, Prisoners Counsel. Mr. Sims, while I ask you a few questions, instead of looking down at your hat, look at the Jury. You are a wool-comber? - I am.
A master or journeyman? - A journeyman.
You wanted to sit up a journeyman's room elegantly? - It was not like that.
You had very good goods to fit it up with? - They are good.
The first thing you knew of this was on the 2d of October? - Yes.
This was a large parcel, Mr. Sims, was not it? - It was not such a great quantity.
Not such a great quantity for a poor journeyman woolcomber to lay hold of! Had you been much in the habit of purchasing these sort of goods? - Not in the bed furniture; nevertheless I have bought several articles belonging to women's furniture; and my wife goes into the country every Spring to sell them.
You hold with doing this of a Sunday? - I do not know.
Was not you a little surprized that you should have so good a bargain on Sunday? the better day, perhaps, the better deed! Don't you know that you are liable to be tried for having these goods in your possession? - It is very possible it may be so.
Do you not know that you might have stood in the very same situation as those two prisoners do now? - I do not understand that; I was never taken out of my house.
You do not know that you might have stood there, it was a trying time, it was necessary to squeak, so you continued buying on; you knew that the people were not in trade? - I did.
That is another secret? - If I had chose to have bought, I might of the same person.
When did you stop your hand? - I forbid Matthews the last time he came to my house; and I met Larter in the street, and told him never to come to my house.
Mr. Garrow. Was any thing found on you? - No, nothing.
Any thing found in your house? - No, Sir.
Any prosecution instituted against you? - No, Sir.

Did you then voluntarily disclose all that you have told to the Jury? - I did, to Mr. Dawson.
Is it true what you have been telling them? - It is true.
Court. You said just now, you had not been taken out of your house, were you taken any where? - I was not.


                  JANE
                   SIMS
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  Jonathan
                   Sims
               



            ; I know the two prisoners at the bar. Larter came to my husband to go to his house; my husband went; and when he came home, he brought home with him a piece of printed callico, and told me, he gave 2 s. a yard for it, and brought me twenty yards. In the course of the week Larter brought another piece. The first time he came was on a Sunday; the piece he brought after was the fellow-piece to the first. Both the prisoners came frequently backwards and forwards to my house, and my husband bought goods of them. He bought printed callicoes, and he bought some nankeens.
What became of those two pieces of nankeens which were bought in the manner you have described? - They are sold.
Did you carry any to Arthur's? - I pledged two pieces, and after that they were got back again; then all the callicoes were sold to 
               
                  Solomon
                   Jewel
               



            .
What became of the piece of nankeen? - We bought twenty pieces, and eighteen I gave to Mr. Dawson; I don't know what became of the other two.
Should you know the pattern of those pieces you pledged at Arthur's, if you was to see the pattern? - I should.
Mr. Knowlys. How long has your husband carried on the business of a linen-draper? - He never carried on the business of a linen-draper.
What was his business? - A woolcomber.
Why, this was not made of wool? - But I go into the country sometimes.
And to get rid of goods that are a little suspicious it is very expedient? - I don't know what you mean.
If you have goods in your possession that are a little suspicious, would not you try to get rid of them as soon as you could? - I don't know; I have nothing to say in the matter.
You usually bought the goods you went into the country with on a Sunday? - They were lucky to us, and what harm.
If we do no other harm, we offend him that ordered the Sunday to be kept holy? - We do certainly do that.
So you knew at the time you was offending him that ordered the Sunday to be kept holy? - Yes.
You knew you was liable to answer it, if you was found out; now, by giving your evidence, you are sheltered and protected? You know no harm will be done to you now, now you have given your evidence? - We only speak the truth.
And now you know you have given your evidence no harm will be done to you? - I don't wish any harm.
Now I will leave you, you have let out more than your husband let out.
Mr. Garrow. The prosecutor was in no condition to do you any harm only by your own confession? He had nothing against you till you furnished him with it? - No.


                  THOMAS
                   ARTHUR
               



             sworn.
I received two pieces of printed callico from Mrs. Sims on the 21st of November, and they were redeemed again on the 24th.
Mr. Knowlys. It was from the good Mrs. Sims you received these, not of the prisoner? - No.
If you had known as much of Mrs. Sims as you do now, would you have received them of her? - Most assuredly not.
Mr. Garrow. Why not? - Because if I had known so much of her character as I do now, I should have known her a woman of bad character.
From what facts do you ground that upon? Have you known the woman any length of time? - No, I have not.
Do you know a single act of immorality except in this transaction? - No.

Which amounts just to this, that at the instance of her husband she has pledged two pieces of callico, and redeemed them again? - None other.
Mr. Pawnbroker, the Lord have mercy upon your customers.


                  JOHN
                   SOUTHWELL
               



             sworn.
I was foreman to Mr. Oakley. In the month of November last we missed several pieces of nankeen, several articles of printed callico, and two pieces of striped cottons.
Have you any patterns here to produce, to correspond to those that were lost? - Dawson has them.
Have you got any parcel to produce? - I believe I have a little bit.
God bless your soul, do put your hand into your pocket, and produce it.
Mr. Knowlys. Are you Mr. Oakley's foreman? - I am.
How many persons are employed under you? - Three, besides several workmen.
(A bundle produced of Mr. Oakley's stock, corresponding in pattern to the things lost.)


                  SOLOMON
                   JEWEL
               



             sworn.
I am in the dry saltering line; I am acquainted with the witness Sims. About three months ago Mr. Sims came to me one morning for some money that was due to him, and told me that he had some pieces of printed furniture, that he had sold.
What did you receive from Sims? - I received two double pieces, and after that four or five, and a piece of blue damask, and some inferior printed callicoes.
Do you know the prisoners at the bar, or either of them? - I believe I have seen Larter at Sims's house. I sold the articles I bought.
Mr. Knowlys. How long have you known Mr. Sims and his wife? - About four years.
Four years you have had dealing with them? - No, not above two years.
What business are you? - I am a dry salter.
What articles in the dry saltering are these printed cottons? - None at all; but if you will give me leave I will explain myself. Sims came and told me, he had some very excellent bed furniture, that he could pawn for six guineas, and I gave him six guineas for them.
Perhaps if any body had brought you a little silver, you would have bought it, perhaps a few diamonds, you would have considered it all in the dry saltering business? - Quite out of my line.
A little gold plate, that would have been in the dry saltering line? - If I had understood them, I should. I think a man of dealing has a right to buy any thing he can get any thing by.
Mr. Garrow. I could wish you to change those sentiments, they will do you no good.


                  SUSANNAH
                   JEWEL
               



             sworn.
There were some articles left at your house by Sims? - There were, (the articles shewn to her,) but I do not know what was said; I kept it till my husband came home, and my husband took it. (Shewn to 
               
                  Solomon
                   Jewel
               



            , who said, he received it from his wife, and carried it to his father; and said, Mr. Sims called for it several times, but did not give it him, but got it of his father, and carried it to Dawson.
Mr. Knowlys to 
               
                  Solomon
                   Jewel
               



            . You had heard there had been a robbery, and so you came up to the office in East Smithfield? - I did.
How often have you been at the office in East Smithfield? - Never before.
How often have you seen Dawson before? - Never before, till then I heard a rumour of it.
And then you went to East Smithfield? - Mr. Sims never mentioned to me about the robbery.
How much of property had you that was not discovered? - As much as I paid 28 l. 6 s. for.
This good Mrs. Sims you have beendealing with for several years? - I have sold him wool to a considerable amount.


                  Robert
                   Dawson
               



             produced a bundle he received of Jewel before the magistrate; deposed to by Sims as what he received from Larter himself, containing a piece of cotton made into a gown, a piece of striped callico, and a piece of bed tick. (All deposed to by Mr. Oakley.)


                  ROBERT
                   DAWSON
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to East-Smithfield: on the 17th of December, I, in company with Mr. Oakley, apprehended Matthews; on Monday I went to the house of Sims; I found nothing there; I secured Sims; I was coming away after we had made the compleat search, and he desired me to step up stairs with him; Mr. Sims lives close by me, and I have known him for some years; the first question he asked me was, if that was the gentleman that had been robbed; I told him yes; he told me that he thought it some of the property he had imprudently purchased, and that what he could recover back, he would do; I advised him so to do; and then his wife came up stairs: afterwards we went that evening to the house of Larter, with Mr. Oakley; we searched his house, but found nothing there, nor him; at length we took Larter in Fenchurch-street, and secured him, and took him in a coach; and he said, what is all this about? if I tell all I know of this, when they get hold of Matthews, they will hang me with him.
Did he tell him it would be better for him so to do? - He did not: I then told him, that, as he had mentioned the name of Matthews, Matthews was already in custody; he seemed to disbelieve that, and said, that if he could be convinced of that, and be secured, that then he would give evidence; I told him it did not become me to make any promises of that sort, Mr. Oakley had better talk about that; by this time we came to the bottom of the court, where Mr. Oakley was waiting for us; then, when we came to the end of the court, we took Mr. Oakley up, and a friend of his, and went to the King's-arms, in East-Smithfield; when we arrived there, the magistrate was gone, and the prisoner Matthews was committed for re-examination on Thursday: I put Larter into the parlour; Mr. Oakley, Mr. Rooke, and myself, with him; and there the prisoner Larter (Sims was not with us then) said to Mr. Oakley, if he would give him a general release, he could give sufficient evidence against Matthews, which would convict him: I put Larter in the watch-house that night, and the next day I had him before the magistrate, and he was remanded for re-examination with Matthews: on Thursday, Matthews and Larter were examined again at the office; the things were produced from Sims, the nankeens, and one piece, when it was shewn to Mr. Oakley; then the prisoner Matthews said, yes, but they are not Mr. Oakley's nankeens.
Mr. Knowlys. You have been acquainted with Mr. Sims for some time? - I don't know that ever I spoke to the man in my life, except How do you do? when I pass.
Did you go to Sims's house before you saw Mr. Oakley? - I did not; and, in fact, I went with some degree of reluctance; for I had that opinion of Sims, that he would not receive such an article; I know Mr. Rooke very well, and, having seen them together, I thought he was a very creditable man; and I understood of Rooke, that this man Sims worked for him.
Do you know his acquaintance, 
               
                  Solomon
                   Jewel
               



            ? - I never saw him till he was at the office.
This conversation passed when you and Sims and Larter were present; Sims heard the conversation very plainly? - He could not but hear it.
It was a particular conversation; Sims seemed to be a good deal frightened? - I stand here unimpeached.
Do you think that I begin to smell any thing, Mr. Dawson; conscience speaks, I am afraid, Mr. Dawson; it certainly was a very particular conversation? - He might not think it so particular as I did.
Wherever I put a thrust, you parry it,Mr. Dawson; you are a good fencer: perhaps, Mr. Dawson, you are a little interested in this? - No, I am not.
You do not expect to derive the least advantage from this conviction? - I know, whether they are convicted or not, Mr. Oakley will make me a very genteel present.
Sims did not whisper this conversation to you? - He did not.
You found nothing on Larter or Matthews? - Nothing at all.
Mr. Garrow to Sims. There are several pieces of nankeens produced, as having been fetched by your wife; of whom had you received them? - From Matthews and Larter.
Was you present when Dawson went to apprehend Larter? - I was with him.
Did you return with him in the coach? -
[Here Mr. Knowlys objected, as Mr. Sims had been examined before as to the facts; Mr. Garrow replied, and the Court allowed the objection.]
Mr. Garrow to Dawson. You received all these nankeens from Sims? - I did.
(Deposed to by Mr. Oakley, as well by the mark, as having received 400 pieces of Mr. Tolderoy, and when he counted them out again there were only 316.)
(The prisoners called five witnesses to their character.)
BOTH 


               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            






               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
