





379. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of April
, eight guineas, two half guineas, three half crowns; the monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Harrison
                        




                     
                  , privately from his person
            .


                  JOHN
                   HARRISON
               



             sworn.
I am a breeches maker
 in Fleet-street, and I keep the Crown, Clement's Inn-passage
. I was coming from that house to my house in Fleet-street


, this woman accosted me with, my dear, will you go home with me? I said, good woman is that your home, pointing to the Hole in the Wall, the next door but one to mine, she said it was, and ran after me down to my own door; I said, good woman I am at home, you had better go home yourself and I rung the bell to go into my own house; she hung about me, my breeches pocket being open, and she took the money out of my breeches, and I never perceived it.
Q. Where did she rob you? - In the street; it was at my own door after I told her she had better go to the Hole in the Wall; I pushed her from me, and she went away easy enough, I did not miss the money till after I had rung the bell, the person did not come immediately and I put my hand into my breeches pocket as I was standing by the door, and I found my money gone, and she was going across the street.
Q Did not you at all miss it before this time? - I did not.
Q. Did not you feel her take it? - I did not. She was going from my door across to the other side of the way; I followed her and catched hold of her, says I, what have you done with the money you took out of my pocket? she said, she had not got it; I said, I would call there watch; she immediately dropped the half crowns, and two guineas and a half on the pavement; I both saw it and heard it drop; I stooped down, I picked up a part of it; I picked up a guinea and a half, and three half crowns, and I laid hold of her with the other hand, andcalled the watch; I thought she had dropped it all, and I stopped to look for the remainder; the watch came up, she ran across while I was looking after the money; and he ran across and laid hold of her; there was one guinea I did not pick up then, I picked it up about an hour after; they took her into my shop and I sent for some more watchmen to take her to the watch-house; she was taken to the watch-house in my presence; she begged of me to have pity on her; she said that as we were going to the watch-house, and when we went into the watch-house, the remainder of the money was found on her; I saw her examined there, the remainder was six guineas and a half, I saw it fall from behind her, it fell out from between her handkerchief and cloak.
Q. When had you last seen your money? - About five minutes before I came out of the other house; I counted it in my hand and put it into my pocket.
Q. Before you found this money on her did you tell the constable exactly what money you had lost? - I did; I could tell one half crown again, it had a small hole on one side of it, but that half crown was not found on her, it was found in the street; I had had that half crown about three weeks or a month.
Mr. Knowlys. Had you had any friends with you? - At my own house I had some company; I had been in my bar only; I keep the Crown public house; I had drank, but it was before I counted my money.
Q. This was rather late? - Gentlemen do not go till twelve, and an hour is as little as can be to get ones supper and to come home.
Q. Were you not in some degree of intoxication at that time? - I was not.
Q In no degree of intoxication. You had been drinking merrily with your friends? - I was as sober as I am this moment.
Q. How long had you been drinking? - I was drinking with some gentlemen about an hour perhaps, but it was about six o'clock.
Q. What did you drink, red port I dare say? - It was.
Q Pray what did you put on the top of the port wine to keep it steady? - I drank some brandy and water.
Q. At what time? - At the same time; the gentlemen ask whether you will not drink with us.
Q. What did you add to the brandy and water? - Nothing at all; I might drink a little porter with my supper, and that is all.
Q. This only comes down to seven o'clock what did you take between this and supper time? - Suppose I went to sleep.
Court. Did you sleep that evening? - I did.
Mr. Knowlys. What did you refresh yourself with after your sleep? - I had my supper and a little porter.
Q. If any of your customers had asked you, you would have partook with them? - I should have had no objection.
Q. When did you sup? - About twelve o'clock; I had very little supper, and then I drank some porter.
Q. Therefore now I dare say you will not say that you was sober? - I was sober.
Q. Mr. Harrison, on your oath you say you was accosted by this woman; perhaps at that time in the morning you was accosted by others? - I was not.
Q You remember her putting her arms round your waist? - She did.
Q And you found she had got her hand into your pocket? - I did not find it only by knowing my money was gone.
Q. You have already sworn that she put her hand into your pocket? - She took my money out of my pocket, and she could not get at my pocket without.

Q. Did not you swear so that she put her hand into your pocket? - She must, I think to take the money out.
Q. Did not you so swear? - I don't recollect, if I did I wrong understood you.
Q. I was not asking the question, my lord desired you to give an account of the matter. She had her arms round you; perhaps if you had not had this nap you would have perceived her hand in your pocket? - Perhaps I should not.
Q. You and I are not coming here to argue? - You say perhaps.
Q. Had it not been that you had been drinking with your customers, in this way you would have perceived her hand in your pocket? - I don't think I should, for I did not perceive it.
Q. Now I ask you whether you do not think if you had been so attentive as if you had not been drinking at all you might have perceived it? - It could not be, because I really was as sober as ever I was.
Q Perhaps you had been drinking some drams that morning? - I will not swear I had not.
Q. Then you do undertake to say that you was perfectly sober? - I was perfectly sober at the time.
Q Though you admit that you might have drank some drams in the morning, was drunk in the evening and yet you was perfectly sober? - I was perfectly sober at that time.


                  JOHN
                   DENHAM
               



             sworn.
I am the watch-house keeper; the officer of the night ordered the nightly patrole to search the prisoner; the prosecutor said the money he then missed was seven guineas and a half; not finding any in her pocket I took off her bonnet and cloak, she had two handkerchiefs on, and underneath the upper handkerchief there was six guineas and a half; Mr. Harrison said there was one guinea missing yet, he had not got all the money; then Mr. Harrison went with the patrole to the place where she dropped the other money, and there he picked up the other guinea.
Mr. Knowlys. If you had been sober and any body had been taking your money, eight guineas and a half, and three half crowns out of your breeches pocket you would have felt them? - There are dextrous pick-pockets.
- BUTLER sworn.
I was present when the prisoner was searched at the watch-house, and I was one that helped to search her; I went to Mr. Harrison's to fetch her to the watch-house; when I came to Mr. Harrison's he gave charge and said she had robbed him of nine guineas and three half crowns.
Q. Are you positive as to the sum? - I am, on the oath I have taken. We took her to the watch-house and searched her, in searching her we found six guineas and a half concealed behind her neck, underneath her handkerchief, Mr. Harrison said, that was not all the money that he lost, he had picked up some, but it did not make it nine guineas and three half crowns. I searched her myself very particularly to see if I could find the other guinea, I did not find it on her, I found it in the street about an hour after, Mr. Harrison was with me, Mr. Harrison then said that he had found all his money.
Q. Do you mean to be particular as to the words, nine guineas and three half crowns? do you mean to insist upon it that the charge was that? - That was the manner he described the money to me.
Q. Did he mention any other sort of money besides that that you mention? - None at all.
Mr. Knowlys. If a sober man looks at his money just before he goes out is not he likely to be correct? - I should think so.



                  CHARLES
                   DONNEGALL
               



             sworn.
I was the officer of the night; the prisoner was brought to the watch-house and charged with robbing Mr. Harrison of nine guineas and three half crowns; she was searched by the houseman; I held the candle while she was searched, there was six guineas and a half fell from her, she had some other silver about her, but that Mr. Harrison did not claim; then after that they went out and found the guinea, and that guinea is kept separate from the rest.


                  JOHN
                   BROUGHTON
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; I was calling one o'clock in Fleet-street by the Hole in the Wall; I heard the cry of watch! watch! I ran directly, and Mr. Harrison called out, come over, this woman here has robbed me; the prisoner was there and I saw her fling down the money on the ground out of her hand; I cannot say what money, but I think there were three half crowns picked up and a guinea, and a half guinea; I secured the woman and took her to Mr. Harrison's shop, while he sent for the officer to come, and I went to the watch-house with her; I was by when the money dropped; I heard it fall; I did not touch the money.
Prisoner. I was going from Red Lyon-square towards the Borough, along Fleet-street, Mr. Harrison just came up from a turning, a woman came first, and just as I came past he laid hold of me and said I had robbed him; I told him he was very much mistaken, but before he said I robbed him he asked me to have a glass of wine; I told him I was going home, I would not go with him, I had two children to go home to, and I was a widow woman, and was making what haste I could home; he than pulled me along and took me into a shop and sent somebody with me, and then he sent for the constable or somebody and told them to take me to the watch-house, and when I came to the watch-house they pulled my things off roughly; I had before put my money there to secure it, and they took it away from me; I put it there because I had been robbed of some silver one night when I was late out; they asked him if there was any mark he could swear to? he said no.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing, but not privately.
(Aged 35.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
