





272. 
               
                  DENNIS 
                  M'CARTY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of May
 five iron shovels value 2 s. eight iron-shovel pans value 2 s. one bag of nails value 1 s. and two beef forks value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Tate
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   TATE
               



             sworn.
I am an ironmonger
; I have great reason to believe I lost a great many things in consequence of a fire breaking out next door to me; I missed them next morning; I went to Litchfield-street, and saw the several articles in the indictment.


                  THOMAS
                   JOHNSTON
               



             sworn.
On the 10th of this month I was alarmed by fire; I went to the fire, and saw the prisoner coming from the fire with a bag at his back; I followed him into the yard, and he put down five shovel pans, and two beef forks; it was in a stable yard; there were several coach-houses; the prisoner never was out of my sight till I took him into custody; I took them to Mr. Tate to ask him if they were his; he told me that Mr. Tate owed him half-a-crown, and he took these things for it as he could not get money of him: I asked him how he could rob the poor souls that were surrounded by flames of fire.


                  WILLIAM
                   FORD
               



             sworn.
I water hackney-coach horses in Oxford-road; I went to the fire; and going through the yard I saw Johnston and the prisoner standing together, the prisoner had his hands behind him; I asked him what he had there, and he said nothing: I took these three pans and a bag of nails from him; Mr. Tate said they were his property.


                  CORNELIUS
                   BERGIN
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman.


                  JOSEPH
                   WHITEMAN
               



             sworn.
I was constable of the night; I produce five paring shovels, five pans, and two beef forks; the prisoner was brought in with them.


                  James
                   Tate
               



            . The things have my shop-mark; the pans are marked with chalk, and the nails and beef forks with ink.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been drinking with my landlord and my landlady till near one o'clock; I was near drunk; my landlord and landlady went to quarrelling, and he said I should not sleep in the house that night, and he turned me out, and I went towards the Pound and wanted to evacuate; I went into a corner and there I found these things; I was going to bed at a public house; I had a guinea in my pocket at the time.
The prisoner called six witnesses who gave him a very good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 27.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


