





321. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KELBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Randall 
                        Jones
                     




                  , about the hour of nine in the night, on the 28th of March
, and burglariously stealing two leather pocket-books, value 2s.
             the property of the said Randall Jones.


                  RANDALL
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I am a labourer
 at the India-warehouse; I lodge at the Lord Cobham's-head, Coldbath-fields


; it is a public-house, kept by Mr. Austin; I came home on Easter-Monday to my lodgings; I had been to Newington-green after some shoes; I came home about eight o'clock in the evening; I went up stairs and turned the spring lock back, and there I saw four men, to the best of my knowledge, with a dark lanthorn, the light was immediately put out.
Q. Had you a candle? - A. No, there was a light upon the stairs; I went to the door directly, and called out for assistance, they overpowered mein pulling the door back; the first man that came out pushed by me; I put my hand immediately over his neck, and we went both down together as far as the turning of the stairs, and he made a stumble; my landlord met him, and I saw them both down at the bottom of the stairs together; I turned back again, and saw another man coming out of the room, and going up stairs; he was going so fast, that he made a trip, I followed him, and threw him down to the door, where he came out of; I gave him in charge to some of the people in the house.
Q. Was that the prisoner? - A. No; then I heard that two more were got into the yard, one had got over the pales, and had hid himself in the privy at the next house; I saw the prisoner taken out of the privy; Mr. Austin and I, and three or four more, went into the yard, and desired him to open the door of the privy; he refused, and Austin called for his blunderbuss, and said, he would fire if he did not open the door, then he opened the door; that was the prisoner; I did not go over the rails, I saw him over the pails taken out of the privy; he desired to be searched when he came out.
Q. Was any thing found upon him? - A. Not that I saw; I had the key of the lock in my possession; there were four locks in the room broke, the door was opened by a key, I locked it before I went out.
Q. When you left it, no person could get to it without a key? - A. No.
Q. What did you miss? - A. A silk handkerchief that I have the fellow of in my pocket, a pair of silver buckles, a gold ring, and two pocketbooks.
Q. Have you found the pocket-books again? - A. Yes, and the buckles; the buckles Mr. Austin gave me, and the next day I found the pocket-books in the privy, under the seat, they have been in the hands of the officer ever since.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. The man desired to be searched? - A. I heard him say, use me well, search me.
Q. You can't swear the prisoner was in the room? - A. No.
Q. The person taken in the necessary escaped out of custody? - A. Yes.
Q. When was he taken again? - A. About a week after.
Court. Q. Can you tell me, with any certainty, that the prisoner is the man that came out of the privy? - A. I can't swear to him, I was not near enough to him.


                  JOHN
                   AUSTIN
               



             sworn.
The last witness lodges at my house, I had a club there; on the 28th of March, Easter-Monday, I went up to the club-room to wait on my company, I saw two men trying Mr. Jones's door; I asked them what they wanted there, they made me no answer; and I went down stairs; I met Jones at the tap-room door, and told him to go and look at his room; he went up, and had no sooner got up, but I heard a cry of murder; I heard a great noise, I went up stairs, and he had hold of a man, and came down stairs part of the way.
Q. Could you see the man so as to know his face again? - A. Yes, I am sure it was the prisoner; I had him in my possession some time; him and I rolled down the last flight of stairs together; and as I had hold of him, there was a silver buckle dropped; some people pulled me off him at the bottom of the stairs, and he made his escape into the next yard through the back door; as soon as I could get out after him, I got over into Mrs. Cotterell's yard, which is next door, and tried the door of the necessary; it was fast, and he would not open it; I called out for a blunderbuss, and immediately a young man jumped over into the yard to me, and the prisoner came out and begged of me to use him well, and told me to search him, which I had no right to do.
Court. Yes, you had. - A. I did not know that; he got back again the same way over into my yard, and there some young men pretended to take care of him, and had him into the house, and let him go; I am sure he is the man.
Cross-examination. Q. It was after dark when you saw the person? - A. There were two lamps in the house, and half a dozen candles or more.
Q. You never saw the man before? - A. No.
Q. You were in some little alarm at people being in the house? - A. I was alarmed.
Q. And the man got away? - A. I marked him so as to know him.
Q. How long after was it before he was taken? - A. A fortnight, I believe.
Court. How long were you and he upon the stairs together? - A. A minute and a half.
Q. Had you an opportunity fully of seeing his face? - A. Yes.
Q. When he came out of the privy, did you instantly know him to be the man you had struggled with upon the stairs? - A. Yes.
Q. How long might you see him then? - A. For ten minutes, I held the candle in his face.
Q. Have you any doubt of the man? - A. None; I marked his lip, and it is on now.


                  THOMAS
                   GOULD
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 2, next door to Austin's; hearing a great noise, I ran back wards into my yard; at the same time there was a person getting over into the next yard adjoining my house; he got into the vault, and I saw him on the pales.
Q. Did you see the person come out of thevault? - A. Yes; I am sure it was the prisoner; I had a light that I gave Austin, so that I had a perfect view of the prisoner; he held the light to his face; I never saw any more of him till I saw him at the office, Hatton Garden; I am sure the prisoner was the man.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You had never seen the man before till you saw him in your privy? - A. No.
Q. You did not see the man that was supposed to be in your privy till a fortnight after? - A. No.


                  SARAH
                   POULTNEY
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Gould, No. 2, next door to Mr. Austin's; I was down stairs in the kitchen; Mr. Gould called to me to bring him a light, which I did; he handed a light to Mr. Austin; he got into the yard, and laid hold of the privy door; it was fast; he called for a blunderbuss, and then the prisoner came out.
Q. Are you sure it was the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Q. Have you any doubt of it? - A. No; Mr. Austin laid hold of the man with one hand, and the candle in the other; I knew the man, and called him by his name, 
               
                  John
                   Kilby
               



            ; he lived in Laystall-street; I have known him a great while.


                  THOMAS
                   MILES
               



             sworn.
I was at the taking of the prisoner; we followed him from pentonville to Bagnigge Wells to take him; it was a fortnight after Easter; we took him to Austin's, and sat him down in the tap-room, and called for a pot of beer; I called Austin's in, and bid him look round the tap-room, and see if there was any body he knew that was concerned in breaking open his house; Austin, seeing us together, looked round, and said, that man is one I had in the necessary, and saw on the stairs; there was a cut on his lip at the time these pocket books (producing them) were delivered to me at the Magistrate's; (a dark lanthorn produced).
Jones. These are my pocket books; I am sure of these two; I know them by the bills and letters in them; they were lest in my box locked, and the lock was wrenched open; I found these things in the privy (producing a bunch of picklock keys and a crow), under the window in the room, and here is a hat I found in the room.
Q. (To Austin). Had the prisoner a hat on? - A. No, he was without a hat, I believe.
Prisoner's defence. The time they say they were robbed, I was in my own house with my wife and family.
(The prisoner called six witnesses who all gave him a good character).




               GUILTY of stealing the goods, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            . (Aged 33.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
