





170. 
               
                  
                     WALTER 
                     STAMFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of February
, a silk handkerchief, value 8d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Paterson
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   PATERSON
               



             sworn.
I am clerk in the Sun fire office
.

Q. Was your pocket picked at any time? - Yes, on the 21st of February, Saturday, at about a quarter after six, in Fetter-lane


.
Q. How did it happen? - By the prisoner rushing on me, and I immediately turned and collared him.
Q. How did he come up to you? - He was behind me; I parted with a friend at the corner of Fetter-lane; going up Fetter-lane I heard somebody behind me, supposing it was the friend that I had parted with, and when I came near to Clifford's Inn, the prisoner rushed on me, and consequently I immediately turned about, and collared him with my left hand, at that moment he was putting the handkerchief behind him, and I put my arm round and took the handkerchief from him, he had it in his right hand.
Q. Was it a linen or silk handkerchief? - Silk.
Q. You knew it to be your's? - Yes. I gave him and it in charge to the constable.
Q. Was it a coloured handkerchief? - It was. I had taken it off my neck not five minutes before.
Q. It was in your pocket, was it? - Yes, in my right hand pocket.
Q. Did any thing pass after this? - He tried to get away.
Q. But he did not hurt you at all? - No.


                  WILLIAM
                   MARNE
               



             sworn.
Q. Were you in Fetter-lane that day? - No; the prisoner was brought to my house in Fleet-street; I am ward beadle; the prosecutor brought him down.
Q. Was any handkerchief brought there? - Yes; Mr. Paterson gave it to me.(Produced.)
Q. Have you kept it till now? - Yes.
Prosecutor. The handkerchief that I gave the officer was the handkerchief that I took off my neck.
Q. Will you swear that the handkerchief that you found in the hands of the prisoner, was the handkerchief that you took off your neck and put into your pocket? - It is.
Q. And that same you delivered to the officer? - Yes.
Prisoner. I was going up Fetter-lane to buy a bit of pork for Sunday's dinner, and I picked up that handkerchief, and a woman was quarrelling with me who should have it; and immediately that gentleman came up and said, it is my handkerchief; and I said, if it is your's, take it; and he said, I will not be positive whether you have picked my pocket or no, for I found it three or four times partly out of my pocket; and some people thereabouts said I should do for a substitute soldier; I said I was not fit for to serve my king and country; and they took me to the hall.
Court to Paterson. Did any of this conversation pass in the way that he puts it? - It did not.
Q. Did you doubt at all whether it was taken out of your pocket? - I did not.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 23.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
