





552. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SHIPPEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of July
, a live pig, value 20s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Luffkins
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES
                   LUFFKINS
               



             sworn. - I live servant
 to Mr. Gray, brick-maker, in Edward-street, Portman-square; I live at Battle-bridge


; I had a porker that used to run about the house, and I missed it last Saturday, the 29th of July; I had seen it about two o'clock, about an hour before it was lost.
Q. How old are you? - A. Seventy-eight years of age; it was brought back by a man of the name of oborne; I had bred it, and knew it again as though it had never been away.
LEVI OBORNE sworn. - I am an officer at the Public-office, Hatton-garden: On Saturday, the 29th of July, a little before four o'clock, I was at a public-house in Barron-street, Pentonville; I saw the prisoner at the bar, in company with one Mitchell, going by; the prisoner at the bar had a sack with a live pig in it at his back; knowing them to be indifferent characters, I suspected they did not come by it honestly; I watched to see where they were going to carry it to; they turned down by the Angel, at Islington; when Mitchell saw that I was following them, they crossed over the way, and went down by the sheeppens on the other side; when he got to the bottom, he turned towards Sadler's Wells field, he whispered something to the prisoner at the bar, and then ran away; I followed the prisoner, and asked him where he was going to carry it; and he toldme, to somebody in Turnmill-street; I forget the name; I asked him if he had bought the pig; he said, no; I asked him if Mitchell had bought it; he said, no, some other person had hired them to carry it; I asked him where they had it from; he told me, from Mr. Luffkins, Battle-bridge; I told him, I did not think he came by it honestly; says he, I know what you want, I will carry it back again; he directly turned back to go with me, and when he got a little way, he turned to the right hand side going towards Battle-bridge, and at tempted to make a run; I then went up to him and secured him; I took him to Battle-bridge with the pig; he untied the bag, and let the pig out in the road; I tied his hands, and drove the pig before me, and led him down to Mr. Luffkins, and Mr. Luffkins said, the pig was his.
Q. How near was the public-house to Mr. Luffkins's? - A. A quarter of a mile, or more.
Prisoner's defence. I was coming up the Angel-road, Islington; I met with a young fellow that asked me to carry it for him; I said, I knew the pig was Mr. Luffkins's, and Mr. Oborne did not know where to find Mr. Luffkins, nor whose pig it was, if I had not told him; I worked for Mr. Luffkins when I was nine years old.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 18.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
