






473. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CRIPPS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ALLEN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of July
, two linen bags, value 12d. and eighteen pounds weight of cotton, value 30s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Dixon
                  



               
            , the elder
, and 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Dixon
                  



               
            , the younger
.
Second Count. Laying it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Turnley
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Charles Alexander 
                     Christie
                  



               
            .
Third Count. Laying it to be the property of certain persons unknown.(The case was opened by Mr. Const).


                  AARON
                   MORGAN
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Const. I am a clerk to Messrs. 
               
                  Charles
                   Dixon
               



            , senior and junior partner

s.
Q. Had they any consignment of cotton in the Britannia? - A. Yes, sixty bags; Christie and Turnely were their lightermen

, and were employed to bring it up to the wharf; on the 28th of August, Mr. Kiddy was employed as warehouse-man, he was employed to send one of his men to repair the bags, and collect the loose cotton.


                  JOSEPH
                   TURNLEY
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Const. I am a lighterman in partnership with 
               
                  Charles
                   Alexander Christie
               



            ; I was employed to fetch sixty bags for Messrs. Dixon, from on board the Britannia.
Q. If any of it is lost after it is delivered into your care, who stands at the loss of it? - A. I do; I have already. On the 28th of August I went with the craft to take in these sixty bags; but before I went I left word that the bag-menders might be sent to repair the bags, which is the usual course; when I had got along-side they began, and gave me a great part of the cotton before the bag-menders came; Cripps and Jones came on boardcame on board, the greater part of it was in the lighter; such as was necessary. I pointed out to them, that they might attend to them; I saw a great deal of cotton fall from Mr. Dixon's bags, and I desired Cripps and Jones to make a bag and collect that cotton, which they did, and it was filled; and finding that was not sufficient, I took a bag which contained the wrappers that they brought, and put the remainder into it, and chucked it to them on board the lighter, and we went to Wiggin's Quay, near Billingsgate


, and Cripps and Jones came with us; Allen was then standing on the shore; I knew Allen, and called to him to assist me with a rope to make the lighter fast to the shore; when we came close to the shore, a conversation took place between Allen and Cripps, but I did not hear what they said; I saw Cripps, then take the two bags, and hand them up to Allen; I then turned to Jones, and asked him why they took those two bags away, that there was loose cotton in the large, which it was necessary to put in before the bags were delivered; Jones's reply to me, was, that he would stay by the lighter till she was delivered; I then turned my eye to the shore, and saw Allen and Cripps together; I then observed Allen look into the mouth of one of the bags; a conversation passed between Allen and Cripps, and Allen took the small bag, and Cripps the large bag, tossed them over their shoulders, and went up through Wiggins's gate-way; from that I was induced to suppose they had an intent to steal them, and I followed them up the gate-way; they crossed towards Billingsgate, they went directly on, I went across the way, and passed Mr. Pollard's street-door, and went in at the side-door, down Dice Quay gate-way; Pollard keeps the Tackle-porters public-house, that door leads down into the cellar; when I turned the corner, the man was follow in the cellar, that I could not see him, but I saw the back of the bag as he went down into the cellar with it; I went into the house, and looked about, right and left; I went back again, and stopped at the threshold of the side-door, in an instant, almost, in the space of a minute, the landlord came up, and I asked him if Allen was coming, he said there was no; Allen there, he knew no Allen; I then returned to the Quay, thinking they might have returned there, but they had not; I then went to see for my partner at the Custom-House, I could not find him; I returned to the lighter again, and there were the prisoners at work, he advised me to get a constable, which I did, and a friend of mine, Mr. Miller, went with me and the constable; when we came to the work, Cripps was there mending the bags; I called him out, and told him, I would not have him there, as soon as he came a shore, Wells called him a side, and talked to him; he then called me, and told me he had denied the fact; I told him where I saw him carry them, and then he gave way, that he was afraid he had done wrong, and that he could tell me where the cotton was, but he was afraid; I told him, I knew where it was, but would insist upon his going and redeeming the cotton; we went with him to the public-house, and Miller, and I, and Wells went down into the cellar, Cripps went into a side-room; when I got down, I saw all the bags of cotton I have mentioned, and a mat of cotton (producing them); I asked Cripps where the small bag was, he said he had emptied it into the large bag, and I asked him where the bag was, and he shewed it me empty, it was in the room; I asked him, how he came to bring it, he said, Allen desired him to bring it there; I asked him, who employed him, he gave me various answers, at last, he said, Jones had employed him to assist him; he told me, if he had done wrong, he did not know it, and was very sorry, and begged I would let him go about his business; Mr. Wells went and told Allen he was wanted at the Tackle-porters; when he came, he asked me what I wanted with him, I told him, I did not doubt but he knew what I wanted with him; I told him I had seen him bring the bags to the house, he then broke out, and declared it was the first time he had ever done any think of the kind, and would do any thing.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. (Counsel for Cripps).
Q. He represented himself as employed by Jones? - A. Yes.
Q. Allen was employed by Jones also? - A. No. I suppose him to be employed by his masters, the Mercers' Company.
Q. Allen is an older porter than Cripps? - A. Yes.
Q. Allen went before and Cripps followed? - A. Yes.
Q. And he said he had followed the orders of Allen, and did not think there was any harm in it? - A. He did to that purpose.
Q. Cripps returned to his work, did not he? - A. Yes; and Allen to.
Q. You don't know which came first? - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. (Counsel for Allen).
Q. They both returned to their work? - A. Yes.
Q. Allen has been a porter

 upon the Quays many years? - A. Yes.
Q. Porter to the Mercers' Company? - A. Yes.
Q. And I believe, up to this unfortunate affair, maintained a good character? - A. Yes.


                  FREDERICK
                   GRAVES
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Const. I am a Custom-house officer; on the 28th of July, I was on board the Britannia, and saw both the prisoners at workthere; some of the bags were broke, and I saw Cripps and Jones mending the bags; the bag was handed into the lighter by Mr. Turnley.


                  WILLIAM
                   WELLS
               



             sworn.
I am a City constable: Mr. Turnley applied to me on the 28th of July, to take the prisoners into custody, which I did; Cripps denied knowing any thing of the cotton; I said I should take him to the Compter; he said, he believed he had done wrong, and he would go with me to the public house; we went there; Mr. Turnley and Miller went with me; I found the two bags of cotton below; my partner staid in the house with Cripps, and Mr. Miller brought up Allen; he said he was very sorry for it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Did not the prisoner say he had been desired by Allen to take them; that he was very sorry he had done it? - A. Not in my hearing; I did not hear him say a word about Allen.
Q. He has not been upon the quays? - A. I never saw the man before that I know of.
Q. Allen is an old workman? - A. Yes; a workman there a great many years.
The prisoners both left their defence to their Counsel.(Cripps called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.)
Cripps, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)
Allen, GUILTY. (Aged 48.)
Allen 



               confined one month in Newgate
            , and 



               fined 1s.
             Cripps 


               transported for seven years
            .
They were 


               both recommended to the mercy of the Court by the Jury
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Justice ROOKE.
