





379. 
               
                  FRANCES 
                  PARKER, alias 
ROBINS





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of June
, two feather bolsters, value 4s. one blanket, value 5s. one counterpane, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Bennett
                     




                  , in a lodging-room let by him to her and 
                     
                        George
                         Parker
                     



.


                  MARY
                   BENNETT
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 25, Wormwood-street, Bishopsgate-street


: I let the lodgings to the prisoner, 
               
                  George
                   Parker
               



             was not present; she gave three shillings and sixpence a week, they were furnished with bed and bedding; I don't know how long the things had been gone, I did not miss any things till I took her up, which was on the 13th of June; I let her the lodgings on the 19th of March, her husband, as she called him, was there several nights. (The things produced, and identified.)


                  JAMES
                   HARDING
               



             sworn. - The things were pawned at Mr. Purse's, London-wall, we suppose, by the prisoner, the ticket being found on her; I don't recollect taking them in, nor can I swear she pledged them; they were pledged in the name of Frances Robins; two of the pledges are of my writing, but I don't recollect her.
FRANCIS BAILEY sworn. - I am a constable, and apprehended the prisoner on the 13th of June, at Mr. Bennett's house, at eight o'clock in the evening; I found thirty-one duplicates on her.
Prisoner's defence. All I have to say is, the morning I was taken, I went and redeemed a pair of sheets belonging to Mrs. Bennett, as I had warning to go; I did pledge the things at the time I had the room; I was going to leave the room on the Tuesday, and to replace all the things, I went and fetched a pair of sheets in the morning; I went to Oxford-road to make a friend to redeem the rest before I left the lodgings; I thought Mrs. Bennett would have been so good, if I would pay a week's rent, to wait while I could pay the rest.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
