





622. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BAKER
                   otherwise 
SMITH





             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of September
, a silver watch, value 2l. a stone pin set in gold, value 5s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Canniford
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        William
                         Henry Hunter
                     



.
ANN CANNIFORD sworn.
Q. Do you live in 
               
                  William
                   Henry Hunter
               



            's house? - Yes, he lived at No. 78, in Cannon-street


, at the time of this robbery.
Q. Was you a lodger in the house? - No, I was a servant
 with him two years. On the 23d of September, I had a sister in the Hospital, she came out that day, and he came with her. On the Saturday following I lost my watch and the pin; the watch was on a brass knob, in the kitchen, and the pin on the shelf just above it.


                  Q. 
               


            At what time did you last see them? - Twenty minutes after two exactly; I had occasion to go to my master, I looked to my watch.
Q. When did you miss them? - The moment afterwards.
Q. Who was in the kitchen when you missed it? - Not a single creature but myself and the prisoner, John Baker.


                  Q. 
               


            Was he a servant in the house? - He was a hackney coachman.
Q. How came he in the kitchen? - On the 23d of September I had a sister in Bartholomew's Hospital, came to see me; she came to the door with him; I sent her home in a coach, and the prisoner endeavoured to entice me very much to go back with him in the coach, I told him I could not afford it, I was nothing but a servant; he said he would take me back for six-pence; I did not go back with him. On the Saturday following he came to our house, and asked me whether we did not leave an umbrella in the coach? I told him I did not know whether we did or did not.
Q. Was your family in town at this time? - They were in the country; there was nobody abiding in the house at this time but myself; there was a bill at the door to let the house. When he asked about the umbrella, I told him I did not know we had; he said we had, and he had taken care of it; I told him I was very much obliged to him; he asked me to give him a bit of cold victuals; I told him I had none, I would give him a bit of bread and cheese with all my heart; I asked him where the umbrella was? he said it was just by; I asked him where his coach was? he said It was not his day to go out, he was not on the stand. I gave him some bread and cheese, he satdown in the kitchen to eat; I told him if he eat it there he must be very quick, I was to be with my master at the banking house at half past two, while he was sitting there I looked at my watch, and see it was twenty minutes after two; I ran up one pair of stairs in the hall, for my bonnet, and I just took my bonnet in my hand, and I was coming down, and I heard the door shrick, and I slew down stairs to the door, he tried to shut the door, but he could not shut it, his coat catched in the door, and he slung it open against me, and ran off; I thought of my watch and property, and I went in the kitchen and saw it was gone, and I had six hundred pounds of my master's property, in bank notes, that I was going to my master with, but I had that in my pocket; then I ran up to the door again, and went out, and asked every body, and could not find him, and I was continually going about to find him out; I did not know that they had taken the number of the coach at the Hospital; but I heard at last that he was in Clerkenwell Bridewell; I went and found him at Bow-street; he was there to be examined for thieving a trunk; he was then cleared to go out, and I was there with some officers.
Q. Did you take him up or any body else? - I took him at Bow-street, he was in custody.
Q. Then you did not take him. Are you sure that is the same man? - That is the man; I know him amongst ten thousand.
Q. Have you found the watch and pin? - No.
Mr. Knapp. You have never had the good fortune to find the watch and pin again? - No.
Q. Where was it he took you up in the coach? - No. 78, my master's door, on the 23d of September.


                  Q. 
               


            Had you or your sister any umbrella when you got in the coach? - Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            Had you missed an umbrella before he came back with it? - No, it was not ours.
Q. How soon was it that the prisoner himself came to your house with the umbrella? - He did not bring the umbrella? - He did not bring the umbrella, he brought none; he said he had got it; that had the appearance of honesty about it, that was the reason of my giving him bread and cheese.


                  Q. 
               


            Have you had the umbrella since? - No, he said he had sold it for five shillings.


                  Q. 
               


            What do you think he came for? - He came entirely to rob the house.
PHILIP JOSTLING sworn.
I am one of the constables of the city; I know nothing only of Mr. Bevet and me apprehending him when he was discharged in Bow-street, on the 18th of October, the man behaved very civil with us, he was then going on board the Tender, by order of justice Flood.


                  Q. 
               


            Was he searched? - As he had been in custody, two officers before had searched him; I thought it was of no use my searching him.
Prisoner. These two masters that I live with they were to come to day; yesterday they thought there was no bill against me, and I told them so. I am really innocent.




               GUILTY. Of stealing to the value of 30s.
            (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
