





461. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LEGGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of September
, fourteen pounds weight of lead, value 18d. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Jefferies
                        




                     
                  , affixed to a certain dwelling of his
            .


                  RICHARD
                   JEFFERIES
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter
. On Friday, the 4th of this month, the lead was lost from a house that I was going to raise the story.
Q. You have the lease of it? - Yes. About five o'clock I met the prisoner with the lead, coming out of the premises, wrapped up in a flannel jacket, under his arm, I see him coming out, I waited till he came up to me, and asked him what he had got under his arm? he made answer, nothing belonging to you sir? On that I insisted on his turning his waistcoat aside, and I see it was lead, with that I said, you rascal, you have been robbing me of lead; with that I attempted to get it from under his arm, he tried to prevent it, but I got it from him, and I found it was the hopper head of a trunk; I got a carpenter's chissel to open it, is that which first of all receives the water from the gutter of the roof, to carry it to the pipe, it is like a square bason; I see it inthe morning, I suppose about six o'clock.
Q. Was it fixed there safe? - Yes, it was fixed to the wall by a couple of wall hooks.
Q. Did it appear to you that the lead was recently taken? - Yes, by the wall hooks, which were drawn out, they were thrown away, there was nothing to cut, he took it compleatly, because it is nothing to cut.
Q. Did you examine the place from whence it was taken? - I did, the same day, and the two holes corresponded exactly with the two holes where the hold fasts were.
Q. Have you any doubt it is your's? - None, perfectly satisfied. When I took the prisoner, instead of acknowledging his fault, he upt with his fist and knocked me down, and I believe he would have murdered me had it been in his power; he did not compleatly knock me down, but he knocked me as far as your lordship, and then I went after him and tripped up his heels, and he got up again, and I knocked him down three times.
Q. Did he strike you with his fist first? - Yes, he did, after I had got the lead from him he struck me a blow just on the side of my temple. He was a task master bricklayer
, and I had employed him at that time to do some work by the rod.
Mr. Jackson. Was this person in your employ? - I had engaged him to do some brick work for me; he had not done any thing.
Q. In whose employ may you be? - In my own.
Q. What other descriptions of trades might be employed in repairing of this house? - Carpenters.
Q. No plumbers? - No.
Q. How many carpenters might be employed in the house? - Two.
Q. How many bricklayers? - Not one.
Q. I think you said that you was raising the roofs of these house? - Yes.
Q. How long might they have been your houses? - About two years.
Q. Will you have the goodness to describe the contract between Mr. Wright and you, respecting these houses? - I made an agreement to sell him the two houses when the attick story was carried up; there was a specific sum agreed upon when this atrick story was carried up.
Q. Who was to pay the bricklayer? - Me.
Q. Had you happened to receive any earnest money of Mr. Wright? - Not a shilling.
Q. Was your agreement in writing? - Not a word of it.
Q. You have been always good friends with this man up to this time? - Yes.
Q. Does there happen to be any account existing between him and you? - He had done a garden wall for me.
Q. When this happened were you in his debt? - No.
Q. Had he been impertinent enough to tell you that you owed him five pounds? - I never paid him five pounds in my life, the work that he did for me had not amounted but to thirty shillings in the whole, and I gave him a guinea and a half, and he left the work.
Q. Did he ever ask you for any further sum that you owed him? - No.
Q. I think you have described a pretty good pitched battle at this taking, you did not strike the first blow? - No.
Q. You did not d-n his eyes for a rascal and a thief? - I told him he was a scoundrel and a thief.
Q. What progress had you made in taking off the roof? - The rafters were taken down, and the top most likely uncovered.
Q. The lead had been all taken off of course? - That was taken away by theplumbers two or three days before.
Q. In the course of clearing the lead from different houses, have you ever employed the prisoner for that purpose? - Yes, one particular time I did, but that was another house, about a twelve month ago, and I forgot the lead, and I asked him to bring it down from the garret.
Q. I think by your own account you knocked him down three times; did you happen to continue in possession of his person; pray did you let him go home? - He went away after I took the lead from him; I went to get the patrols to take him up; I did detain him a considerable time, but afterwards I left him in the care of two carpenters while I went for the patrol, and he got away from them, and I found him at home, laying on the bed, and his wife denied him.
Q. You did not say that you would make him repent of this? - I did not.
Q. Nor nothing of that kind? - No.
Q. Did he happen to say to you, I will go with you where you please? - No, not a single syllable of that sort.
Q. Did he not say after you had struck him, you are a bad man, did not I tell you where I found it, and I was coming with it to you? - No.
Q. Has it ever happened to you to be in any embarrassment about lead? - No.
Q. Never called upon by any legal process whatever, to answer for a mistake of your own in having taken lead? - Never.
Q. Do you happen to know that the prisoner at the bar was ever subpoenaed against you, to give evidence against you? - Yes.
Q. Then in point of fact something like a legal process has issued against you for mistaking property in lead? - No, it was my own property. When I built this house, the house came to fifteen hundred pounds, it was built according to contract; there was a man that I employed in the building gave wrong dimensions to the plumber; when the lead was brought there, and laid down in this roof, one Mr. Dixon said, this is not the exact lead that is in my agreement; I was under the necessity of taking that lead up and get fresh lead, but there was some that I put into the gutters and other parts, and there was a certain quantity left behind, and there was an action about the extras for two hundred and fifty pounds; Mr. Dixon said there was lead left in the house, and that I had not allowed for this lead that I had taken away from his house; it was an action that I brought against him.
Q. In that case, whatever the description of it was, he was subpoenaed against you? - He was, but he never came forward.
Q. Since then there has been some little interruption in your friendship? - Never, or else I would not have done all I could to recommend him.
Q. You have stated that other persons were employed in the house besides this man, might they not have taken the lead from the part to which it was supposed to be detached, as well as himself? - They might have done so.
Q. Had the lead of the gutters been taken down? - Certainly, and locked up, this had no connection whatever with him.
Q. And this hopper remained with two nails? - It has no other support, it has no support from the gutter.
Q. Pray did Mr. Wright come in and out pretty often? - He did, sometimes.
Q. Who happens to have the key? - There was no key on the door, the workmen were at work at five o'clock.
Q. In the course of the visits of Mr. Wright, he gave directions how he would have things go on? - He was to receive no orders but from me; I don't think at this time that Mr. Wright had been there at all. I pointed out the way in whichI meant to do it, and he was satisfied.
Prisoner. On the 1st of September I erected a scaffold at the front of these two houses; in the evening Mr. Wright's carpenter took the lead down from these buildings; on the 4th of September I went to the building to see for Mr. Jefferies, for some materials to mix up the lime, to get on with the brick work, and I did not see Mr. Jefferies there; I went down into the lower part of the house, and I found this property among the rubbish, and the carpenters were at work on the premises at the same time; it was either ten minutes before five, or after, I am not certain which.
Court to Prosecutor. What time did you go to your house that night? - About five o'clock.
Q. What time did you go to the prisoner's house? - It might be in the course of two hours.
Mr. Jackson. It was not ten o'clock? - No, I fancy he was in St. Martin's round-house by that time.
The prisoner called seven witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 24.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
