





350. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LUCAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of May
, one leather trunk, value 7s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harrington
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   ETHERBY
               



             sworn. - I am apprentice to Mr. Harrington: On the 16th of May I was called from the shop behind the house; the prosecutor is by trade a linen-draper
, and lives in Holborn


; my master told me there was a trunk stole from the door; I saw the prisoner run with the trunk; I did not pursue him, but called out, stop thief, by which means he dropped the trunk, and ran considerably faster; he was stopped in less than five minutes, but I did not see him stopped; I brought him back myself, and that is the same man I saw run with the trunk; the prisoner was intoxicated with liquor, and said, he was very sorry for it, as he meant to bring it back the next morning.


                  THOMAS
                   LEE
               



             sworn. - I am a linen-draper, and was coming down Holborn; before I heard the cry of stop thief, I saw the prisoner standing by the window of the prosecutor's shop, and he took the trunk very deliberately, and walked off; I concluded he had stolen it, upon which I gave the alarm, and he began to run.
Prisoner's defence. I was not in a state of mind to know what I was about, therefore, in consequence of that, I did not suppose it could be any injustice to any person, as I really did not know what I was doing of; I have no witnesses just at this moment, not knowing my trial was coming on; I should have supposed that Mr. Harrington, knowing my father and myself, would not, therefore, have brought me here, and when he takes sums of money, as he does from my father, or have come forward in such a way; my witnesses will be ready to come forward on Saturday, some respectable witnesses.
Court. (To Harrington). Q. Do you happen to know his father? - A. I served him about fourteen years ago, and from that time I have never seen him. When the prisoner was a boy, I believe I have seen him; I did not wish to bring him here, but wished to get him abroad, and he would not go.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
