






397. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     JONES
                  



               
             and 
               
                  HANNAH 
                  BACKRACK
               



             were indicted, for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Sarah 
                        Dean
                     




                  , in an open place near the king's highway, on the 19th of August
 last; and putting her in fear, and feloniously taking from her person, and against her will, a silk purse, value 6 d. eight guineas, and a piece of foreign coin, called a dollar her property
            .
A second count, for assaulting her on the king's highway, instead of an open place near the king's highway.
Mr. Garrow. All the witnesses except the ladies are desired to go out of court.
Prisoners. We wish all the witnesses to go out of court.


                  SARAH
                   DEAN
               



             sworn.
I keep a boarding school
 at Bethnal-green; on the 19th of August I went to church, to hear a charity sermon; I was coming out of church, and there was a great crowd; and I was jostled, and I felt a hand in my right hand pocket; and immedately I saw my purse in the hand of Jones; one of the young ladies seeing me agitated, asked what I had lost, I told her, and wished to follow; I saw my purse pass, and Jones put her hand on my arm; I said it is gone, what is gone? says Jones, is the woman mad? I did not see any thingmore; I saw the purse pass from her hand to some other person. Two of the young ladies went after them.
Mr. Garrow, prisoner's counsel. You have recollected since you was at the magistrate's, that you saw the motion of one hand towards another person? - From the first I did.
I believe you did not mention that before the magistrate? - I certainly did.
How far did you see Jones after she spoke to you? - I suppose it might be the length of this room.


                  ELIZABETH
                   RICHARDSON
               



             sworn.
I had been at church with Mrs. Dean, and was just out of the church-gate: I observed 
               
                  Sarah
                   Jones
               



             had hold of Mrs. Dean's arm, shaking her, and saying,
"What is the matter with the woman - is she mad?" I saw the other prisoner at the top of the street, shortly after; 
               
                  Sarah
                   Jones
               



             ran away directly. I asked Mrs. Dean what was the matter, and what the woman had said. The top of the street is two hundred yards from where I saw Backrack: I went after her, and a young lady with me; we turned the corner; I continued to pursue with a second young lady, and I saw them go into the Two Brewers, a publick-house. I overtook several gentlemen, and they went with me: they were standing just by the bar. One of the gentlemen said, I had a charge against 
               
                  Sarah
                   Jones
               



            ; I asked her whether she had not been at Bethnal-green church; she said yes. I asked her if she remembered a bustle coming out of the church, and taking hold of a lady's arm: she said yes. I said the lady had lost her purse, and I suspected she had it, and should detain her. Backrack was standing by Jones; she was there the whole time; afterwards there was a search made of both of them in our presence: eight guineas was found on Backrack, and a dollar; the dollar was found under Backrack's foot; Jones was searched; nothing was found on her.
Mr. Garrow. There was a considerable crowd? - Rather a crowd.
Before these persons were searched, they were asked what money they had, and they each of them told you as the fact turned out, Jones that she had none, and Backrack told you what money she had? - Yes.
You did not find on that day, I believe, Mrs. Dean's purse? - No.
Mrs. Jones readily acknowledged that she had been at church, that she had been a party in the bustle, and that she had laid her hand on the lady; and every thing else to which you interrogated her? - Yes.
Mr. Fielding. Did Backrack go away from the bar for any purpose? - She went out; I went with her.
How far did you go out of this room? - A very little way.
Was that before she was searched? - It was.
Mr. Garrow. Who else went with her? - Miss Clarke.
You went with her for the express purpose that she should make no ill use of that opportunity? - Yes.
MISS CLARKE sworn.
I had been at church, and I saw Mrs. Dean so much agitated, which drew my attention.
Did you see either of the prisoners at the bar there? - Not till I went after Miss Richardson, and the other young lady; I did not see the prisoner till I came to James-street; in the middle of James-street they were both together.
(Deposes to the same effect.)
Mr. Marryatt, one of the prisoner's counsel. As soon as ever she had been to the place that we have alluded to, did they not tell you the truth about their pockets? - Jones did; Jones had nothing.


                  JOSEPH
                   MANERON
               



             sworn.
I went to the publick-house by desire of Mrs. Dean, and searched the prisoner Backrack; and she had eight guineas and four and six-pence, and some halfpence; I asked her if she had any thing more; she said no: I observed her stooping; I thoughtshe had something in her shoe; I desired her to pull it off; she did; there was nothing in it. I desired her to move, and close under where she stood lay a dollar; I asked her if she knew any thing of that, she said yes; O! says Jones, I know who gave you that, we can call Tom to witness who gave it you.
- POTTER sworn.
I am a beadle; I searched the prisoner Backrack, and found on her eight guineas, but no dollar; she pulled off her shoes; there was nothing in them; but on her moving, there was a dollar directly under her feet.
Mrs. Dean. (deposes to the dollar by a scratch) I have had that dollar fourteen or fifteen years.


                  WILLIAM
                   HILL
               



             sworn.
I am a weaver: I found a purse in Busby's Fields. Where I found it is out of the road 200 yards from Spitalfields Church to the Two Brewers. I found it the day after it was cried.
- BARNETT sworn.
I am a butcher: Backrack lived with me as a servant; she had a dollar, which she gave a grandchild of mine to play with; but I cannot say any particular mark it had; she left me the beginning of 
               
                  August.
               


             I paid her upwards of 9 l.
The prisoner Jones called nine witnesses to her character.


                  SARAH
                   JONES
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            , Larceny.
HANN. BACKRACK, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


