





484. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CASS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of July
, a watch, with the inside silver, and the outside tortoiseshell, value 1l. 5s. a steel watch chain, value 3d. a base metal watch key, value 1d. a steel seal, value 1d. a pair of shoe buckles, value 15s. and twelve shillings, in monies numbered; the goods and monies numbered of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Steward
                        




                     
                  , privately from his person
            .


                  JAMES
                   STEWARD
               



             sworn.
I am a master baker
. On Monday the 21st of July, in the evening I was put into the watch-house, in liquor, this prisoner was also put into the watch-house in the course of the night along with me; and in the morning I missed my property, I was put into the watch-house about half past eleven o'clock at night, and the watch was found on the prisoner, directly as he was taken before the justice, about half an hour after twelve o'clock in the next day, it might be.


                  Q. 
               


            When did you last see your watch? - When I was last put into the watchhouse; I had a pair of leather breeches on, and the money was taken out of the pocket.
Q. Had this watch a chain, key, and seal? - Yes.
Q. Did you lose a pair of silver shoe buckles? - Yes, out of my shoes.
Q. Did you ever find them again? - Yes, they were laying there in the watch-house, broke to pieces.
Q. Why do you charge the prisoner with robbing you of them? - He endeavoured to take them out of my shoes, and broke them in getting them out.
Q. Had he pulled your shoes off? - No.


                  Q. 
               


            When you awaked in the morning, or recovered from your stupidity, did you find your buckles broke in your shoes? - They were taken out of my shoes and broke.
Q. If they were broke how came they to be left in the watch house? - I don't know.

Q. Did not you feel these things taken from you at all at any time? - No.
Mr. Knowlys. You was in a most beastly state of intoxication, was you not? - I was in liquor.
Q. So drunk you could hardly stand? - Yes, I could stand.


                  Q. 
               


            Where did the watchman pick you up, to put you in the watch-house? - Just by the watch-house.


                  Q. 
               


            What time was it that you was wandering about the streets, in this drunken way? - About half past eleven.
Q. Where had you been drinking? - In Red Cross-street.
Q. In what company? - In very good company.
Q. I don't know that you was sober enough to know what company it was; do you know who they were? - Yes, very well.
Q. Did any of them see you home? - Not one of them.


                  Q. 
               


            When had you last seen your watch? - When I was in the watch-house the constable saw it.
Q. I ask you when did you see it? How much had you drank that night? - I did not measure it.
Q. Do you know what you paid for your liquor? - Yes, I know what I paid; I paid five shillings.


                  Q. 
               


            Pray what was the liquor you had been drinking? - I had a supper too.


                  Q. 
               


            What was the liquor? - Punch.
Q. You was so mortally drunk you hardly recollect what past at the time? - Yes, I do.
Q. Perhaps you recollect better when you are drunk than when you are sober? - No, I cannot; but I recollect very well what past that night.
Q. I believe the prisoner at the bar was searched by Blackiter, was not he? - Yes.
Q. He was searched by Blackiter first, and nothing was found on him? - Not by Blackiter first.


                  Q. 
               


            His coat was pulled off, was not it; - I did not see it.
Q. Did not you understand it from Blackiter or from any body else, that he had been searched before, and his coat pulled off, and the watch was not found? - His coat was not pulled off till Blackiter found the watch on him.
Q. How long was there between the two searches? - I cannot say.
Q. Do you mean to tell these honest gentlemen, that you cannot tell what time elapsed, though you recollect so well the other circumstances? - I cannot exactly; it might be five or ten minutes.
Q. They went back to the watch-house to see whether the watch was there? - Yes.
Q. If they went back to the watch-house, it must be by your direction? - I told them two hours before I came out of the watch-house, that I had not got my watch nor money.
Q. On your oath, was it not more than ten minutes that they were gone from the watch-house? - I cannot say.


                  Q. 
               


            Was it not an hour? - I cannot say.


                  Q. 
               


            Was it not three hours? - I cannot say.
Q. Do you think it was one? - I cannot say.
Q. You must have recollected a great deal; and yet you cannot say whether it was an hour, two, or three hours? - I cannot say how long it was, because I was not in the lock-up-house with him.
Q. But you missed them while they were gone to the lock-up-house. Where was you while they went to the lock-up-house? - I was in the public house.
Q. How came you to be at the watch-house? - I quarrelled with the watchman.


                  JOHN
                   GASS
               



             sworn.
I am headborough of St. Luke's parish. I was on duty at the watch-house the21st of July, the prosecutor was brought to me for quarrelling with the watchman; he appeared very much in liquor; I could not get out of him where he lived, nor any thing else; I was obliged to put him in the Cage till the next morning. About one o'clock the prisoner at the bar was brought to the watch-house by the watchman, as a disorderly person in the streets; the prosecutor was brought between eleven and twelve; the prisoner came about one, in company with another.
Q. How was he, drunk or sober? - Sober. I told him it was troublesome times, it was not proper to be out that time of the morning; I searched him, and asked him if any body knew him to give him a character? and I would let him go; the watchman came and I let him go. About three o'clock I took him again, with some lead about him; I searched him and found a knife and key, and seven farthings on him; I returned him that money, but the key and knife I kept; I then put him in the Cage, where the prosecutor was for an assault. At twelve o'clock the same day, I took them both down to Worship-street; the prosecutor told me in the coach, before the watchman, that he had lost his watch, twelve shillings in money, and his buckles broke, and he shewed me his buckles there; I said, have you really lost the things; he seemed to smile, and said, yes. I have; the prisoner made answer and said, d-mn me, you will think that I have it presently; I said, there was nobody else could have it, if he had lost them. I took them to the office and called out Blackiter, and we took them to a lock-up-room to search the prisoner, and the first time we found nothing, but the second time we found the watch up the sleeve of his coat; it was a tortoise-shell watch case outside; Blackiter has the watch. In the presence of me, he says to the other, d-mn me, if I had known your buckles had been wedge(meaning silver) you should never have had them any more. I have something else to say: While the prisoner was in custody, the man was very unhappy about the watch; he says, I will make the officer find the watch, for putting in the thief along with me; with that I went back to the place, and searched all about the place, and did not find any thing, and we returned back, and searched him again and found the watch.
Mr. Knapp. You very fairly stated that the prosecutor was extremely drunk? - Indeed he was persectly drunk.


                  Q. 
               


            Was you by when Blackiter made the first search? - I was.
Q. Will you state to the jury whether you made your search very strictly? - We did not.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you pull his coat off? - We did not.
Q. How did you search him? - We searched his breeches, and round about him.
Q. Did the prosecutor appear to be tumbling about in the street, as drunk as that? - No.
Q. How came his buckles broke? - I cannot tell about that; it was done in the Cage, it was not done in the street, because they were not broke when I put him in.
Court. Did you see whether his buckles were safe when he was brought in? - They were in his shoes, and did not appear broke.


                  WILLIAM
                   BLACKITER
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Worship-street. Gass brought the prisoner in the morning, to the office, and gave charge of him; the prosecutor told me that he had been robbed in the watch-house.



                  Q. 
               


            Where did he say this? - In the public house, next to our office; and I asked him who had been in the watch-house with him? He said nobody but the prisoner at the bar; I said to Gass, we had better search the prisoner at the bar; and we went and searched him, and found eighteen-pence on him, in silver, but no watch; and I sent Gass back to the watch-house, for fear the watch was there; and when Gass came back we searched him again, and found the watch, we took his coat off, and we found the watch rolled up in his sleeve; I have kept the watch till now.
Mr. Knapp. Blackiter, how long have you been an officer? - Ten or twelve years.
Q. In that time you must have searched a great many people, in the course of your profession? - Yes.
Q. So you searched the first time, and had not the good fortune to find the watch? - It was so.
Q. You searched him in the usual way I suppose. How much time might elaple between the first and second examination? - Half an hour, not more.
Q. I believe the prosecutor was extremely drunk? - He seemed very ill used when I see him.


                  Q. 
               


            Did not the prosecutor charge Mr. Gass, with having given him his watch, at the time he was in the watch house? - Upon my oath, I did not hear that.


                  Q. 
               


            Now, you say, the second search was half an hour after the first search, and you mean to have these gentlemen believe that you, who has been an officer ten or eleven years, did not make your search in the usual way the first time? - We did the first time, but did not take off his coat.
Q. How happened it you was not so strict at this time as at other times? - I don't know.
Q. Did not the prisoner say, that the prosecutor said, that he had delivered the watch to Gass? - No, I never heard that till now.


                  Q. 
               


            Then if Mr. Gass has been saying so in Court, you never heard it before? - I never heard it.
Q. Have you had any conversation about this business altogether? - I have had none; I did not want any conversation.
Court to Gass. Was this watch delivered to you by this drunken man the over night? - No, nothing at all was delivered to me. The officer was in a very great hurry when he searched him the first time, having business to do in the office.
Court to Blackiter. Had you the care of the buckles as well as of the watch? - No, the prosecutor has the buckles himself.
Prosecutor. These are the silver buckles, they are mine, I know them by the mark and pattern; they are the buckles I had in my shoes.
Mr. Knapp. How long had you had them? - About three years.
Q. Is there any other mark that you can swear to them but the pattern? - No, no other than that I swear that the buckles are mine. This piece has S. on it; I put it on about twelve months ago, to know one side from the other, to put the straps in right.
Court. Did you buy these buckles new when you bought them? - Yes, I did, It is a cross.
Mr. Knapp. Just now you told me that you should know it by an S. which does not appear? - I made a mistake, it is a cross.
Court. Did you mean the cross when you said the S. or do you mean a separate and different mark? - I meant the cross.

HUGH LUCY sworn.
I am a watchman. On this night, what I saw first and foremost was, Mr. Steward, he was very much in liquor, like a mad man, and was obliged to be carried into the Cage by hands and feet, the officer of the night said they had got a mad man in the watch-house, and asked me to come in to him.
Q. Was he sober? - I don't know, he could not stand, he was very obstreperous.
Q. Did you hear him say any thing about his watch the next day? - I did. When in the coach, he said, that he thought the officer had his money, and likewise his watch; and the prisoner made answer and said, d-mn me, I suppose you think I have the watch; and the prisoner was searched, and the first time he did not find the watch.
Q. Did he say any thing about having delivered the watch to Gass when he came into the watch-house the first time? - No, he did not.
Court to Prosecutor. Is that your watch? - It is, I have no doubt about it; I can swear to it by the maker's name, 
               
                  George
                   Peters
               



            , No.14033; I have had it about three years; I bought it.




               GUILTY, Of stealing the watch, but not privately
            .
(Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
