





179. 
               
                  
                     LEWIS 
                     LAVENBURY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of March
, six pounds weight of lump sugar, value 5s.
             the goods of 
               
                  John, Joseph, and 
                         
                           
                              John 
                              Coope
                           







            .
An INTERPRETER sworn.


                  JOHN
                   COOPE
               



             sworn.
Q. What may you be? - A sugar refiner


.

Q. What are your partners names? John, and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Coope
                  



               
            .
Q. Where do you live? - Osborne-street, Whitechapel


.
Q. Did you lose any sugar at any time, and when? - I had frequently missed sugar from my sale room, which is behind the counting house. On the 18th of March I set one of my servants at four o'clock to watch who it was that stole the sugar.
Q. What day of the week was the 18th of March? - On Wednesday; I set my servant to watch under the desk; he had not watched a quarter of an hour before he saw the prisoner; he let him go from the premises; there was an alarm of thieves made, and the jailor of the police office, Whitechapel, met the prisoner, and brought him back to our yard; his name is 
               
                  William
                   Cross
               



            ; on his bringing him back we gave charge of him, and he was taken before the magistrate, and committed; the sugar was taken by 
               
                  William
                   Cross
               



             to the magistrate, part of which sugar I swore to, as belonging to my partners and me.
Q. When did you first see the sugar that he is supposed to have taken? - I see it first before the magistrate, in a bag.
Q. Who has kept the sugar from that time to this? - 
               
                  William
                   Cross
               



            .


                  WILLIAM
                   CROSS
               



             sworn.
I am jailor of the police office, Whitechapel; as I was going down Whitechapel I heard from the opposite side, the cry of stop thief! I observed the person, the prisoner at the bar coming strait toward me, I came forward to him, and he came running to me, when he came nigh hand me, I held out my hand to take hold of him, but I missed him, and turned round and catched him by the tail; as soon as I stopped him I said, I was an officer; I told him to stop till Mr. Coope's servant came up, as soon as Mr. Coope's servant came up, he said he had been robbed; I said to Mr. Coope's servant, then you must go back with me to your master; he had the sugar in his hand; and I told him he must take the sugar back likewise; I took the prisoner back to Mr. Coope's, and asked Mr. Coope what he thought to do with him, and he asked me what I was? I told him, and told him if he chose to give me charge of him I would take it, and I told him what time to come to the police office; I have kept the same sugar ever since, sealed up by the magistrate.


                  HENRY
                   CALLCUTT
               



             sworn.
I am one of Mr. Coope's servants, a sugar baker. I saw the prisoner come into Mr. Coope's counting house, on Wednesday, the 18th of March; he pulled the drawer out, and took the sugar out of the drawer.
Q. Was the drawer locked? - No.
Q. Where did he put it when he took it? - Into the bag.
Q. What did you do with him? - I let him go out of the counting house, and then I told him to stop.
Q. Did he go into the street? - No, into our yard, and then he ran into the street; then he dropped the bag or sack.
Q. Who picked up the sack? - I picked up the sack.
Q. Did you give it to Cross? - Yes.
Q. Did you see the man stopped by Cross? - Yes.
Q. Whose sugar was it? - My master's sugar.
Prisoner. I drink nothing but tea.


                  JOHN
                   TAPLIN
               



             sworn.
I am the constable belonging to Whitechapel; the prisoner was brought down to the office, and Mr. Cross not being a constable, he gave charge to me.
Q. Mr. Cross has had the care of the sugar? - Yes, the one parcel; I searched him and found two samples on him, wrapped up in a bit of paper.

Q. Where was he searched? - In a public house, near the office, that we use.
Q. Have you got the sugar that you found on him? - Yes.
Q. Where was it? - In his coat pocket.
Callcult. I cannot speak to the sugar nor to the paper.
Q. Was this man one of your work people, or a stranger? - He was a stranger.
Q. He is a german, is not he? - Yes, he is a german, but I never see him before.
Cospe. On these two papers the samples is my hand writing.
Q. Where did you leave that paper? - In the counting house.
Q. You knew nothing about this man before? - I never see him before the jailor brought him back into the yard.
Q. Can you swear to the sugar? - I can swear to one of the samples, and to the hand writing on both of the papers, and that in the great bag, I had put in some of it that morning, I believe it to be mine, I had that sort of sugar in the counting house.
Prisoner. I drinks tea, I don't eat much.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 35.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
