





505. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of September
, five live geese, value 10s. six live ducks, value 6s. six live hen fowls, value 6s. and one live cock fowl, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Allanson
               




            .


                  JOHN
                   ALLANSON
               



             sworn. - I live in Kingstand-road; I am a rope and twine manufacturer
: On the 13th instant, in the morning, my foreman sent a boy to inform me that I had been robbed of a quantity of fowls; they were found by the serjeant of the guard at the Tower upon the prisoner.
DAVID NESBITT sworn. - I am serjeant in the Coldstream regiment of guards; I came to the Tower gate about five o'clock in the morning, and found the prisoner partly asleep in one of the sentry boxes, with a sack of fowls by him; I asked him what he had got in that bag, upon which he informed me, poultry; he asked me if I would have one for my dinner? I told him, no; I had some suspicion of him, and instantly sent him prisoner into the guard-room; after he was confined in the guard-room, it was judged necessary to examine the bag; I opened the bag, and there were six fowls, six ducks, five geese, and one cock; we sent to the place where he was last quartered, and there we learned that they belonged to Mr. Allanson.


                  JOSEPH
                   BRACKENSHAW
               



             sworn. - I am serjeant in the same regiment; I was desired by the adjutant of the battalion I belonged to, to go where he was last quartered, to enquire if any body in the neighbourhood had missed such things; I went where he was quartered, at the King's-head, in Kingsland-road, and I was informed there, that Mr. Allanson had lost those things that were in Jackson's possession; I went to the manufactory, and gave notice to the foreman; he went with me to the Tower, and said, they were his master's property, and they were taken to Worship-street, and Jackson likewise; he acknowledged they were Mr. Allanson's.
Q. Did you tell him it would be better for him if he did? - A. Yes, I did.


                  JOHN
                   BOWYER
               



             sworn. - I am foreman to Mr. Allanson: On the morning of the 13th instant, I was up about a quarter after five o'clock; I went into the ground, and found the hen-roost broke open, and the lock off the door.

Q.Where is your manufactory? - A. In Kingsland road, near the King's-head.
Q. Did you know the poultry? - A. Yes.
Q. Is it here? - A. No; I know them all; but there are two in particular that I am very certain are Mr. Allanson's property.
Prisoner. I lived next door to Bowyer; he knows me very well.
Bowyer. I live next door to the King's-head; I never heard any harm of him while he was quartered there.


                  SAMUEL
                   MOORE
               



             sworn. - I know the prisoner at the bar; I saw him at the ground about one o'clock in the morning; he came over the pales.
Q.(To Allanson.) Did you see these ducks? - A.Yes; I knew them all; they were my property; there were a great many more missing, we could not tell how many.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence; the two serjeants gave him a good character as an officer, but knew nothing of his private character.



               GUILTY
            , (Aged 26.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice ROOKE.
