





459. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     MERCHANT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of April
, two cotton gowns, value 15 s. a linen apron, value 2 s. two muslin handkerchiefs, value 2 s. a muslin apron, value 2 s. a check apron, value 1 s. a cotton shawl, value 1 s. 3 d. a linen shift, value 1 s. 3 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Tooner
                  




               
            , spinster
.


                  ELIZABETH
                   TOONER
               



             sworn.
I am a single woman; I lost these articles from my brother's room; I live in the country, and I left these things in my brother's room at the Masons Arms, in Market-street
.
Q. When did you leave them there? - I cannot tell, I believe it was eight weeks ago to day; I cannot tell the day of the month, because I was hurried away to the country so fast.


                  ELIZABETH
                   GREASLEY
               



             sworn.
I keep the house; this young woman was going in the country to live with Mr. Sheridan; she asked her brother leave to put her things into her brother's room, in a box up two pair of stairs; the prisoner was a servant
 of mine at the time they were missing; they were locked up in the box; I did not miss any thing of it at all, but I saw the prisoner wear several of the things in the course of the week while the young woman was absent; this young woman came to town on Sunday for some of her things; she found the box locked as she left it, but when she opened it it was almost stripped, and she and her brother came down to me; she went away on Friday and she returned on the Sunday week following; it is seven Sundays ago that she returned to town; they came down to me, and I took my girl to talk about it; I told her there had nobody gone into the room but herself to make the bed, and so I told her that I was very certain she must know about it; my husband says to me go and search the beds, and see if you can find any thing; I did and I found the young woman's gown under one of the beds, and an apron under another, and I came down to her again, and told her I had got some of the property, and I was certain she must know of the remainder; she denied it; I sent for the constable, and he searched her, and found a great manyduplicates, and a key that opened the box in her pocket; I saw her wear part of the things, a shawl, an apron, and a cap, in the absence of Mrs. Tooner.
Q. Can you from that cursory observation venture to swear that they were Mrs. Tooner's, or the same that Mrs. Tooner swears to? - Yes, I can; I took the apron in my hand. I thought it was one of my own, and asked her how she came by it? she told me she borrowed it; I did not know then that it was Mrs. Tooner's; I did not know till she came to town that she had missed any thing.


                  JOHN
                   NEALE
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; there was a cotton gown and an apron pawned with me the 9th and 10th of April; they were pawned in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Roberts
               



            ; I cannot swear to her person, but I believe it is the same.
Prisoner. I don't know what I am here for; I know nothing of it.
- sworn.
I am a constable and beadle. Mrs. Greasley where Mr. Tooner lodges sent for me; they gave me charge of the prisoner at the bar, for robbing them of these articles; I went and searched her, and I found these duplicates that she said were her own. (Produced, and two of them deposed to by Neale the pawnbroker.) I found this key which opens her own lock and the other lock where Mrs. Tooner says her clothes were left, but with great difficulty; I found some things at a neighbouring house, and I was made to understand that she carried them there; it was at No. 4, Haydon-court, about a quarter of a mile from Mr. Tooner's lodgings; I was informed they were carried there to wash.
Q. Did you ever shew the things to the prisoner? - Yes, she went with me, and shewed me where she carried them; I found there a muslin handkerchief and a pair of stockings.
Court to Mrs. Tooner. What do you produce? - A gown and a coloured apron that we found under the bed, under a lodger's bed; I left these things about eight weeks ago at my brother's.
Q. When did you return? - The next Sunday after but one.
Q. Did you go into the room and find the things missing? - I did.
Q. Be so kind as to look at the two things produced by the pawnbroker, and tell me whether they are your things; I think the one is a cotton gown and the other a linen apron? - They are mine; they were left in the box; I know the gown, I put new sleeves into it before I left it; my name is on the linen apron; there is my name on the cotton stockings; the two muslin handkerchiefs I only just made them before I went to my place
Court to Mrs. Greasley. Are any of those things that you saw on the woman's back here? - This check apron I am confident of.
Prisoner. I know nothing about it, nor do I know what I was taken up for; when I was taken up they put their hand in and took some duplicates out of my pocket, and seven-pence, they had me down to the watch-house one night, and the next morning they took me up to the justice's, and I knew not what they took me there for; I have lived in places where I have always had an upright character; I never touched a rag of any body's, for I had plenty of my own to put on.
The prisoner called one witness to her character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
