





534. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     NEWLAND
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of May
 last, two pieces of silk lace, containing twenty-three yards, value 4 l. two other pieces, value 5 l. one yard and a half of black ditto, value 5 s. three pieces of silk ribbon, containing seven yards, value 18 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Dyde
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        Achilles 
                        Scribe
                     



                  , in their dwelling house
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)



                  ROBERT
                   DYDE
               



             sworn.
My partner's name is Achilles Scribe; we are warehousemen

; we lost the things in the indictment; on Wednesday, the 26th, it was discovered that a piece of silk was missing out of the warehouse: the suspicion fell on the prisoner, who was cook
, and cleaned the room where the lace was locked up in presses; in consequence of that suspicion, we put some goods into the same place the next evening; the next morning, after she had cleaned out the room, I saw the goods afterwards found upon her; the same day, I found some bundles belonging to her, that she was going to take away; part of the things in the house, that were mentioned in the indictment; a quantity of black lace, and a piece of silk that had been missing; it was silk lace; I went to her lodgings where the trunks were, and there we found the other things: the prisoner went with us, and unlocked the trunk herself; we found another card of black lace and a card of thread lace; there was one piece in the trunk; the first piece of lace was not in her bundle; it was found in her stays in her band-box up stairs; I found in her trunk two pieces of thread lace; the value of one piece of black lace which was in her stays, was from two to three pounds; the yard and a half of black silk, about two or three shillings; three yards of ribbon, about one shilling; another piece in her trunk, worth from twenty to thirty shillings; the other pieces of thread lace, worth four pounds, at the lowest; I can swear to part of them; to the first piece of black lace I can positively swear.
Mr. Garrow. There is no other person in partnership with you, but Mr. Scribe? - Nobody else.
How long have you been in partnership? - Two years.
Were you two partners before the bankruptcy? - Yes, for about six or eight months.


                  ACHILLES
                   SCRIBE
               



             sworn.
On Wednesday, about twelve in the morning, missing different things, I, myself, at night measured a piece of silk which was left; it was missed from a press in the back room; I did not miss it myself; at night, I put in that very place, a piece of silk that I measured, and a piece of ribbon; the next morning, I went into the room myself, and measured them over again, and part of it was missing: I told Mr. Dyde of it, and went to Justice Hyde for a search-warrant; I came back with a constable; and Mr. Dyde went to search the prisoner, and it was in the prisoner's room up stairs; a piece of lace was found by the constable, in a hat-box; it was black silk lace; I know of nothing else in that room; I went out immediately: Mr. Dyde, the constable, and the prisoner, went into the kitchen; a little after, I went down myself, as the constable was opening a little bundle, in which were two remnants of silk, and the remnant of ribbon, that I missed; it was a yard a half of silk, and about three yards of ribbon.
Mr. Garrow. These bundles were chiefly sealed up? - I do not know that they were.
Do not you know that they were only pinned? - I do not know in what state they were.


                  WILLIAM
                   WATERS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable: I searched the house on Thursday; there was some black lace found in a hat-box where this young woman and her fellow servant slept; we went down stairs in the kitchen, and there was a bit of black mode in a little pantry on one side of the kitchen, in a little work-bag; we went to the room in Great Mary-le-bone-street, where she had sent her boxes; and there we found some ribbon and some lace.
Mr. Garrow. Have you kept the things separate? - No, Sir, they are all together.
Jury. What quantity was there? - I do not know; there is some on a card, black lace, which they measured in the office, which was about twelve yards: Mr. Dyde said he measured it.
(The things produced and deposed to.)
The prisoner called one witness to her character.




               GUILTY, 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
