





159. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  HANNAT
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of January
, two pair of women's leather shoes, value 7s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Sluter
               




            .



                  JOHN
                   SLUTER
               



             sworn.
I am a shoe-maker
: On the 26th of January, I had my shop-window broke open, at No. 163, Whitecross street


, between five and six in the evening; they got the shoes out of the window, and got clear off; but, on the 29th, I was out, and saw two men pass the window, it struck me they were bad chaps; it was between seven and eight o'clock; I watched them; they went, I suppose, half a dozen doors up the street, and some more joined them; they came backwards and forwards two or three times; I went and got a stick, and stood facing my own shop-window; I had not been there a quarter of a minute before they came to the window, the same window that had been cut out before; the prisoner was the foremost of them; two stood round him, and another stood under a gateway watching, but he did not see me; there was a piece of leather before the hole in the window, they pushed that away, and pulled out two pair of shoes, I saw him take them out; he immediately ran away; I struck at him, and he threw them down between my legs, and they all ran away. A young man, of the name of Lumley, pursued him, and took him, he was brought back directly; he was the least among them. I did not see his face till he was brought back; I watched him more particular than the rest, because he had a black coat on; I saw him before I went into the house for a stick; he stood right facing a doctor's shop, that I could very well perceive him, where there were three lights in the shop-window.


                  WILLIAM
                   LUMLEY
               



             sworn.
On the 29th of January, between seven and eight, I was coming up Whitecross-street, I saw a scuffle with three or four people; I live about two hundred yards from the prosecutor; I saw a man making a blow at somebody with a stick; I could not see who it was that struck at him, but I saw the prisoner, he was dressed in black, he ran against me, and had like to have shoved me off the pavement; the prosecutor cried out, "stop thief;" he was not more than ten or twelve yards from the window when I took him.
Q. Did he say any thing when he was taken? - A. Not a word, neither prainor con.
Prisoner's defence. I was coming down Whitecross-street, and a gentleman caught hold of me; I am not guilty of the fault that is laid to me.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 17.) 


               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice ROOKE.
Court. Q. What are you? - A. I work with my father: he is a jeweller
, in Maidenhead-court, Aldersgate-street.
