





343. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of April
, six yards of printed cotton, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  Harrison 
                  Jackson
               




            .
JOHN JACKSON sworn. - I am a linen-draper, brother to the prosecutor: Last Monday was a week, I was informed that the prisoner had taken a gown-patch from the door.
SAMUEL LEDION sworn. - On the 17th of April, going up Oxford road, between eleven and twelve at noon, I saw the prisoner at the bar, another woman, and a man, together; as they passed me, I heard them say, d - n me, it is easy to draw them out; I watched them, and saw the prisoner at the bar take out two pins from a piece of calico, and draw it out from the rest; she put it into her apron, and went off; I went in and informed Mr. Jackson of it, and went after her with him; I told him that was the woman, and that his property was in her apron, and there it was; the constable has got the calico, Mr. Jackson delivered it to him in my presence.
Prisoner. My Lord, that witness is well known to be a common receiver to every thief.
Q. What is your way of life? - A. I am a coach-maker, No. 32, Grosvenor-market.
- BATES sworn. - I was sent for to apprehend the prisoner; Mr. Jackson delivered this calico into my hand, I have had it ever since.
Jackson. This is my brother's property, it has our mark upon it; I had put it at the door myself in the morning
Prisoner's defence. I was going along, and picked it up in a striped silk handkerchief; he took me by the hair of the head, and dragged me into the shop, and used me very ill, as is not sitting for a man to use a woman.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice BULLER.
