





536. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JAMES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of June
, a brass curtain rod, value 2 s. and two harrateen curtains, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Burthroy
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   BURTHROY
               



             sworn.
I am a victualler
; I lost the curtain rod, and the harateen curtains; they were fixed in the parlour; the rod was screwed in, and could not be taken off without a little trouble, and the curtains were on the rod; I lost them on Wednesday last, between four and five in the afternoon; I know they were there about an hour before, and I can identify the property.
Q. Where were these curtains fixed? - It was fixed to the house; it hid a water closet; the curtains were fixed on the rings in loops, so as to take off.
Q. Were the curtains harrateen? - Yes.
Prisoner. did you see me have any thing in my possession? - I was not at home at the time.


                  JOHN
                   HARRIOTT
               



             sworn.
This man came in for a pint of ale; he offered bad money; I told him I could not take it of him; he went away without paying for it; and I went after him, and in a little time he dropped the curtain rod from under his coat; we could find nothing on him, but that he had no curtains about him, nothing but the rod; there was a woman with him, she conveyed away the curtains first, and he stayed behind; the woman and he came into the public house together; and I served them; they stayed in about an hour; the woman went first about five minutes before the man.
Q. You found these rods on the man; did you ever find any thing on the woman? - No, she went away, we never saw the curtains any more, they were hung up at the water closet; the rod was fixed at one end, and screwed at the other end.


                  Q. 
               


            When had you last seen the curtain safe? - I had seen it just before the man and woman came in, and all right, and as soon as the man had left it, when he went away, it was gone.
Q. How far is that water closet from the room where these people were? - It is in the same room, it is a water closet made in one corner for gentlemen to go to; they were sitting in the room the whole time; it is a parlour for gentlemen to go in.
Q. But there is some separation between this parlour and the water closet? - No, only the parting of the rod and curtains to keep the place from people seeing of it.
Q. This was the rod and curtain they took away? - It was,
Prisoner. Ask if he did not see the woman take the curtain and give me the rod? - I did not; I found the rod on him; he dropped it, and ran away; I took him and held him till I sent for a constable.


                  JOHN
                   NEWMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I was sent for; the prisoner was in the house; I had the rod of John Harris; I thought that he might have one of the curtains about him, and I searched him, but did not find the curtains, but I found thirty-four bad six-pences, eight bad half crowns, and very resolute he was, and hit me while I was searching him; I examined the rod, and it fitted the place exactly, the screw answered, and it fitted the place right in.

Prisoner. Please you my lord I was in Lukener's-lane, and a woman said come in here, and have something to drink, and she left a parcel which I took up in my hand, and put it in my pocket; I went to pay for my beer, and they would not take my money.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before. Mr. RECORDER.
