






520. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TILLARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of May
, twenty-nine pounds weight of copper, called sheet copper, value 1 l. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Baker
                        




                     
                  , affixed to a dwelling house of his
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   BAKER
               



             sworn.
I have a great many houses in St. Leonard's, Shoreditch


; I am a builder
; I have lost a great deal of copper at different times, one piece the constable of St. Luke's took from the prisoner yesterday morning about four o'clock, about twenty-nine pounds weight; I applied to the coppersmith that did the business for me, 
               
                  William
                   Mardle
               



            ; and he fitted it. The constable has the copper.


                  THOMAS
                   FOXEN
               



             sworn.
I was the officer of the night of Whitecross-street liberty, in the parish of St. Luke's, on Tuesday night; with that about four o'clock we go off from Duty; I live about five doors from the watch-house; just as I turned myself to knock at my door I saw the prisoner at the bar with a flag basket, and heaving it on his shoulder, then his face was towards me; directly he saw me he turned round, and went up a place called Playhouse-yard; I went after him; and overtook him just as he got into Golden-lane, says I, holloo, what have got here? you have been stealing lead; no, says he, I have not; says I, whatever it is I must see it; I knocked my stick against it, he said it was a bit of copper he had found in Mr. Baker's fields; he put it down, and wanted me to take it, and let him run away; for God's sake, says he, do; no, says I, I shall not; I took him to the cage, and went to Mr. Baker's and Mr. Baker sent for a coppersmith, and it was matched.
Q. How far was this from Baker's field that you saw the man with the basket on his shoulder? - Better that a quarter of a mile.
Q. Did you know the man before? - I knew him by sight, I knew him to be a bricklayer, I had seen him before, and he knew me.


                  WILLIAM
                   MARDLE
               



             sworn.
Mr. Baker came to me yesterday morning, and told me he had lost some copper, and some copper was found; I told him if it came off from his houses I could be sure to tell; I went and matched it directly to one of his houses; the nail holes and every thing it fitted exactly with the place where some copper had been put on the house.
Q. Can you undertake to say that that was part of the property that was put on Baker's houses? - Yes, I will be upon my oath it was, it was a gutter.
Q. Was it nailed or fixed on? - It was.
Q. Did you fix it on? - My man did.
Q. Did you see it before it was fixed on? - I have looked at my books, and it answers exactly to the measurement; there had been a part taken before from the house adjoining, the houses were both of a size, and each took a quantity of copper alike.
Q. If I understand you right a part of the copper which had been put on the gutter of one house was taken away, and a part left? - This that is now produced is what was taken from the whole of one house; there had been some taken away from the adjoining house sometime before.
Q. Did you try whether it would fit the gully holes of the other house? - It would not; it did not go the right way for the current of the water; we value it at twenty shillings now; but it will cost Mr. Baker more than two guineas to replace it again.
Prisoner. I found it in the fields laying in three pieces, and that bit of a bag lay by it; and I took it and put it in my basket, and took it away; I work forMr. Law, in Chiswell-street, he can give me a very good character.
Court to Baker. When had you last seen it on the house? - I had not seen the top of the house for some months, the house was built before Christmas.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
