





376. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HALL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of March
, one shirt, value 3 s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 3 s. a pair of leather shoes, value 2 s. 6 d. a muslin neckcloth, value 2 s. a linen handkerchief, value 18 d. a pair of leather boots, value 3 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Vickery
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   VICKERY
               



             sworn.
I lost the things in the indictment. I drive the Dover diligence
; the things were in the seat; I put them there; they are my own property; they are here; I saw them about half an hour before I lost them, which was about half after seven at night; I could not get up the gateway: I saw the prisoner there; I knew him; he was a watchman in the yard; I told him to mind the diligence and horses; when I came back, he was gone, and my things; I saw the things afterwards at the pawnbroker's.


                  WILLIAM
                   TRINKER
               



             sworn.
I am a pawn-broker. I produce the things; they were left with me by a man, in pledge for five shillings; I gave him a ticket: I have no recollection of the man.
EDWARD JOHNSON sworn.
I am a coachman, in Plow-yard, Shoreditch. The prisoner brought a pair of boots into our yard for sale, and I bought them; I gave them to the prosecutor; I gave the prisoner one shilling and six-pence for them.
(The boots produced by 
               
                  Walter
                   Smith
               



            , the constable, and deposed to.)
Prosecutor. I saw Smith take possession of the boots.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
He asked me to stand by his horses; he knew me; then he told me to take out the bundles belonging to him; the boots were with the bundle, which I left with that man for one shilling.



               GUILTY
             of stealing the boots.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
