





147. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     PLATE
                  




               
             was indicted, for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2d of December
, a silk waistcoat, value 5 s. a pair of silk breeches, value 4 s. two linen waistcoats, value 6 s. a metal watch, value 20 s. a pair of plated spurs, value 5 s. &c.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     White
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   WHITE
               



             sworn.
This prisoner was a servant
 of my mother's and left her service about a fortnight ago; he had lived with her six months; there was a suspicion against him, and I got a warrant last Thursday; I had the key of the box of him, it was opened in his presence, in a room inhabited by his father and mother; I found several articles which indeed I had not missed, and did not know they were there, but I accidentally stumbled on a part of my wardrobe; in his box there was a black sattin pair of breeches, a cross barred sattin waistcoat, one cotton waistcoat, and another I believe they call muslinet; there was two coats which belonged to my brother; I had lost my shoe buckles but them I did not find, I did not find my spurs then, but I did afterwards, I have lost six waistcoats in the whole, I only found two.
Q. In what capacity was he at your house? - He waited on us, he did every thing that was to be done.
Q. Did you use to give him your clothes? - I gave him one coat, I never gave him any of these things; finding these things in his box, we carried them to the office in Marlborough-street, and he was committed for trial.
- WALLIN sworn.
I executed the warrant on the prisoner, I found him in bed, and I got this key of the box out of his breeches pocket; I opened the box, and found all the things in the indictment, but the watch, these three waistcoats, a pair of breeches and two coats; when he was fully committed, Mr. Conant told me to go along with the prisoner, to see if I could find the watch, the watch was buried under ground in little Welbeck-street, the corner house of Wimpole-street; I went with the prisoner, he said it was under ground, but it was not, it was up a water trunk, I let the prisoner put his hands up, and he pulled it out, he produced it to me. (The things produced deposed to.) There was three guineas and a half found in his pocket; the notes were found in these black breeches pockets, they are two ten pounds bank notes.
Prisoner. In regard that he says the notes were found in the black breeches pocket, they were not, they were found in a pair of kerseymere breeches pocket; - They were found in the right hand pocket of these black breeches.
Prisoner. The second thing he said that he took the key of my box from my breeches pocket, I took it out of my coat pocket; as to my defence, I am left without counsel or witness, I am left entirely at the mercy of the jury; I havewitnesses to give me a character, but not knowing so suddenly of coming up to this court, I had not time to get them.
(

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 16)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before the Lord CHIEF BARON.
