





85. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     BOLTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th of November
, five linen handkerchiefs, value 18 d. the goods of certain persons unknown
            .


                  ROBERT
                   OSBORN
               



             sworn.
On Friday the 9th of November, I was at Westminster-bridge


, seeing the Lord Mayor's shew; I had not been on the bridge above twenty minutes before I heard the cry of Stop thief; I turned myself about, and saw the prisoner run; I was along with Mr. Trip, and I looks out, and saw a man of a gentleman-like appearance, that says, that is he, he robbed me; accordingly I run after him, and as soon as I came up to him, he dropped an handkerchief from him; I picked it up; I asked him, if he had got any more; the constable came up in a moment or two more, and he was searched; there were three handkerchiefs in his breeches; I said to the gentleman, that said, that is my handkerchief; you come along; he said, no, he said, he would rather lose his property, than say any thing more about it; I went with him and the constable, and the prisoner was committed.


                  WILLIAM
                   ASTON
               



             sworn.
I produce five handkerchiefs, a glove, and a tip of a gentleman's shoe, that I found on him beside, three were in his breeches, one was thrown down, and the other I found in his pockets, after I got to Queen-square; I had them all of the prisoner; there was a man on the bridge, said one of the handkerchiefs were his, but he would not come forward to prosecute, so we were bound over with ourselves.


                  PHILIP
                   TRIP
               



             sworn.
I was on Westminster-bridge the 9th of November; I saw the prisoner at the bar running; I immediately ran after him; my acquaintance ran likewise, and catched him before me; as soon as he caught hold of him, he threw an handkerchief down, and I am certain I saw three taken out of his breeches pocket.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.
The prisoner's father and two more appeared to his character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 15.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
