





712. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     NICHOLS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of October
, two black silk cloaks, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Baldy
                  




               
            .


                  DAVID
                   BALDY
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 29, New Bridge-street


; I am in the coal trade
; I lost two black silk cloaks; the outward door is generally open, and the stair-case door; as I was coming home I saw a strange gentleman, whose name is 
               
                  George
                   Lee
               



            ; he had hold of the prisoner, and two silk cloaks; it was Wednesday, the 20th of October, about eleven in the forenoon.


                  GEORGE
                   LEE
               



             sworn.
On this day I saw the prisoner and another standing at Mr. Baldy's door; I suspected them; I saw the prisoner go into Mr. Baldy's house; I went on the opposite side of the way, and I saw the prisoner come out; he had two cloaks under his arm; I am positive to the prisoner; I never quitted him; says I, you stole them; no, says he, I found them in the passage; I took him into custody; I let the other go. Mrs. Baldy took the cloaks from him, and sent for a constable.


                  SUSANNAH
                   BALDY
               



             sworn.
I am wife of the prosecutor; these two cloaks hung up in the front parlour; I was called down stairs, and I saw then in Mr. Lee's hands; I gave them to the constable.


                  THOMAS
                   HOLT
               



             sworn.
I produce the cloaks; I am a constable, Mr. Baldy gave me these cloaks at Bridewell Hospital Gate, the 20th of October, between eleven and twelve.
Baldy. I gave them to this constable; I received them from Lee.
(Deposed to by Mrs. Baldy.) One of them caught fire a day or two before, and I had mended it with a bit of silk; the other is an old thick market cloak.
Prisoner. I do not know what to say; here is nobody come.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
