





652. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BAINES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Burbridge
                        




                     
                  , on the king's highway, on the 6th of September
 last, putting him in fear and danger of his life, and feloniously taking from his person and against his will one watch, inside and outside case made of silver, value 4 l. one brass watch chain, value 6 d. a key, value 1 d. his property
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  HENRY
                   BURBRIDGE
               



             sworn.
I was robbed crossing the middle of Smithfield


, between four and five in the afternoon: the prisoner and two more came up against me and my wife very resolutely; two of them were sideways and one in the front; this was during Bartholomew-fair: there were a great number of people close to us: they forced me against the mob: 
               
                  John
                   Baines
               



             was in the front of me, the other two were at my right arm, on the side of me, forcing me into the mob, that I could not stir, and they even heaved me off the ground, till they got my watch; when the prisoner was taking my watch my wife screamed, and said, Henry, this villain is taking your watch; with that I looked down, and saw the watch in his hand; I saw the prisoner take it out of my pocket; it was gone directly; I held him, and my wife held him for a considerable time by the collar, and called for a constable; a number of people came that I thought were my friends, and they took him away by main force, and said they would have him pressed; he attempted to get away, and stabbed me in the hand with something, and my wife was stabbed inthree places in her arm; I saw him stab myself: a tradesman told me his name: I looked for him, and found him in the fair the next day, near Bartholomew gate, about one hundred yards from the place where he robbed site; I knew the prisoner again by his features, though he was dressed different: he fell down; he would not walk, and we carried him; 
               
                  John
                   Hilliar
               



            , the constable, took him to the New Compter: we did not examine him: the second day when he was taken he bit one of the men through the hand; I observed him half an hour; he was with me ten minutes, and I observed him for twenty minutes before; I cannot say what hat he had, but I saw it knocked off, and to my best remembrance it was a round hat, but I will not be certain; he had a light coloured coat the first day, and I think, a black waistcoat, and drab coloured corderoy breeches: the second day he had a black coat, and waistcoat, and corderoy breeches, of the same colour, and a round hat.
Had you such observation of him to say that you can safely and positively swear to him? - Yes; I am positive that is the man that robbed me.
Was you positive of that the next day? - Yes; I knew his features.
Prisoner's Counsel. You was going to Bartholomew fair? - No, Sir; I was going to Foster-lane; we are strangers in London: I never was at Bartholomew fair: we have been eighteen months in London.
You are not accustomed to such a crowd? - I have been used to crowds: I came from Worcester.
In what part of the fair did you miss your watch? - I did not miss my watch till I saw the prisoner take it; I had no suspicion of the watch being taken till I saw it go.
There was no violence about that part of your person where the watch was that led you to suspect it was going? - I did not suspect it was going till I saw it.
How long had you been in the fair before the watch was taken away? - Near half an hour: I came up Cow-lane, from Holborn.
The fair was very full, I suppose? - There was nobody pushing about but them; I bid them go, and they would not.
Was the pushing violent or not? - He forced very much against me in the front.
Were there not many people behind him? - I was behind him: my watch was very tight in; the pocket was torn out in taking out my watch.
Have you never said that they were two soldiers that committed the robbery? - No, never.
Nor your wife in your hearing? - No.


                  ELIZABETH
                   BURBRIDGE
               



             sworn.
I am wife of the last witness; my husband had some business in Cow-lane, and I had a mistress in Foster-lane: my husband and me went through the fair on account of buying some toys; we were in the middle of the fair, and there was a mob of people came round us, and three in particular attacked us; they came up to my husband, and pushed him one way and me the other, and I said to my husband, for God's sake take care of that man, for he is robbing you; that was the prisoner, though in a different dress; but his features are very remarkable; he took my husband and hove him up by the hips, and the other hove him by the arms; he had hold of his breeches and waistcoat at the same time he pulled out the watch (that said gentleman) and my husband, and me, both flew at him, and we called for assistance; I saw the watch in his hand, and likewise a piece of my husband's pocket; he pulled something out of his waistcoat pocket, and stabbed my husband three times, and me in my arm; we held him; my husband's hat was pulled off his head; and he let him go, and catched him again: I was kicked down into the kennel, and my cloak torn from my back, and my handkerchief; I scrabbled at the cloak, and some men came to our assistance, pretending they would take care of them; two of them had soldiers coats; I saw them men come up afterwards; they pretendedto take care of him; and we saw them take him some way.
Before the prisoner laid hold of your husband had you made any observation of him? - Before they came to my husband I saw three of them playing; the prisoner was one; I saw him half an hour before he robbed us, and about us; I saw him in the whole for three quarters of an hour.
When you first observed the prisoner had he a hat on? - He had; but when they took him away he had not.
Was it a round or a cocked hat? - A round hat, bound particularly about the brim.
Are you sure that the prisoner is positively the man? - I should not swear positively if I had not held him so long a time; I looked so much at him, and begged him for mercy's sake to give me the watch again: I saw the prisoner since at Guildhall: he was in a different dress, the next day but one: I went with my husband, and we met him as he came out of the Compter; he was handcuffed: I saw nobody but him: the first day he had a light coloured coat, and the morning, at the Compter, he had an old black coat, and much disguised; but his features are so remarkable, I knew him again.
Prisoner's Counsel. I suppose his features are the most remarkable you ever saw? - He was remarkable to me; I should know him in twenty different dresses: I know him perfectly well: the two men lifted him up under each arm, and the prisoner was in front: the watch has never been found again.
Had you ever been in that fair before? - No; I never gave my mind to such places.
Before you went to the magistrates your husband had told you he had taken the man that robbed him? - Yes; or else we had no business to go.
Court. Do you mean that the prisoner standing in front, and one of the men lifted him under each arm, or that the two men lifted him? - The prisoner was too busy at work in robbing my husband of his watch: the prisoner at the time he took the watch heaved up my husband by the waistband, and the other two men lifted him under the arms.


                  JAMES
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I am a calenderer, in Bedford-street: I was in the fair at the time; I saw the prosecutor have hold of the prisoner; and I heard him say, you villain, you have my watch, and the prosecutor hauled him along for half a dozen yards, or better: he was rescued away: I stood back: I did not see the watch; I saw the prisoner to the best of my knowledge, the value of three minutes; he had a light coloured coat and corderoy breeches, to the best of my knowledge: I am sure he is the man; I know him very well; I knew his person before; I have been in his company once or twice: the prosecutor was wounded in his hand in two places, and Mrs. Burbridge in her arm: I took the prisoner the next day in the fair; I first saw him then, and told the prosecutor he was the man; and the prosecutor laid hold of him; he did not doubt about him: the prisoner fell down immediately.
Prisoner's Counsel. How long have you been a calenderer? - Five years; I was a gentleman's servant before.
Have you never been in trouble on any occasion? - Yes, Sir.
Taken up for any thing? - No, Sir; it was a quarrel with the Duke of Leed's servant.
It was not a charge of assault, for an intent to rob? - No; only for fighting.
Then you never was in trouble, was you? - I was arrested for ten pounds once.
You never was charged before any magistrate? - Never.


                  JOHN
                   HILLIAR
               



             sworn.
I am a peace officer: I took the prisoner into custody.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was passing through the fair on Monday, about four in the afternoon; the concourse of people was numberless: I hadmy stick in one hand, and my handkerchief in the other, for fear of losting it; I was pushed nearly under a carriage; the prosecutor caught hold of me, and said I had his watch; he held me fast; the men says, hold him! hold him! I said I was willing; he tore my coat right open; they searched all my pockets, and no watch was found; the mob insisted on his letting me go; and I walked away; I staid in the fair an hour or two; the next day the man caught hold of me, and said, you are the rascal that has got my watch, value 4 l. and I will do for you, and get forty pounds, and that will buy me another.
Court. On the oath you have taken, was this man examined at all the first time? - No, my lord, no further than I clapped my hand on his thigh when I took him.
The prisoner called two witnesses who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not of the highway robbery
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
