





441. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BRIGHTMORE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of June
, two hempen sacks, value 4s. a peck of wheat, value 1s. 6d. three pecks of floor, value 6s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Hamerton
                  




               
            , Esq.


The case opened by Mr. Knowlys.


                  DINAH
                   SOLE
               



             sworn.
I live at Clepton, half a mile from Mr. Hanerton's Mills, the prisoner lived just by me, I have known him seven or eight years.
Q. Was you at Mr. Hamerton's Mills on Wednesday the 25th of June? - I was at Mr. Palmer's, Mr. Killick's foreman, last Wednesday was three weeks, I saw the prisoner and one of the needle makers going across the bridge, over the river of Mr. Palmer's, and we went on till we came to the needle mills.
Q. Does the needle mills join these mills of Mr. Hamerton's? - Yes, they are within the same roof, Mr. Brightmoreand the needle maker asked me to go up into the mills; they said, mother Sole, will you go and see the mills? I said, I did not care if I did, I had never seen them before; then Mr. Brightmore went up first, I next, and the needle maker followed, and the first thing I apprehended was, Brightmore said to the needle maker, why don't you sweep up this stuff, and give it me for my pigs?


                  Q. 
               


            Does he keep pigs? - Yes.
Q. Did you see what this stuff was? - It was wheat and grain scattered about the floor.
Q. How much do you think there might be? - I cannot say, it laid loose about the floor like sand.
Q. Was it swept up as he desired? - No, they did not touch it, I walked across the room to the window, and kept looking out at the window, and I heard Mr. Brightmore and the needle maker whispering something together, and I turned myself, and looked and see the needle maker and Mr. Brightmore filling two bags with wheat, I could distinguish that, they were taking it out of a little binn, like a cornchandler's binn, and I thought the needle maker seemed a little shy, and Brightmore then said, never mind mother Sole; they tied up the bags, and they went away, Mr. Brightmore took one bag, and the needle maker took the other; this was in the needle maker's part of the premises. Mr. Brightmore went down first with the biggest bag, and I went down next, and the needle maker followed after me.
Q. What became of the corn that you saw scattered on the floor? - I left it there; we all three came out together, and we went across the mill fields, towards Mr. Brightmore's home, near Clapton turopike.
Q. Did you go to Mr. Brightmore's home? - I went to my own home; but first I should have told you, going along the mill field, Mr. Brightmore was a good way before us, the needle maker and I were a little behind, the needle maker asked me if I would take his bag a minute?
Q. Did you meet any body in the way? - Yes, we met Mr. Hamerton's miller, 
               
                  John
                   Little
               



            , he did not speak to me, he said, Brightmore, what have you got there?
Q. What did Brightmore say? - I did not hear, as soon as Brightmore turned about, the miller clapped his hand on the bag, on his shoulder, and the miller went towards Mr. Hamerton's mills, and I went towards home.
Q. You say Mr. Brightmore keeps pigs? - He kept two or three.
Q. Do you know how he fed them? - I have seen wheat amongst other stuff, amongst wash and grains, once or twice.
Q. Did you go home with Bright more? - I did not, I went to my own house, I am a married woman, I and my husband rent a house of seven pounds a year; my husband is a bricklayer's labourer.
Q. When was Brightmore taken up? - I cannot say.
Mr. Knapp. Mrs. Sole, Mr. Gamble, the needle maker, he is not here, he has marched off, he was the person that conducted you and Brightmore to these pin mills? - He unlocked the door and let us in, he went first.
Q. When you got in, Brightmore asked why he had not swept up this wheat that was on the floor? - No, he said, stuff.
Q. Well stuff, I like that better; he asked him why he did not sweep it up, and give it him for his pigs? - Yes.
Q. Then Gamble gave him this wheat which he took home? - Yes, I believe so, he went that way.


                  Q. 
               


            Gamble belonged to that needle manufactory does not he? - He kept the keys and unlocked and looked it again.



                  Q. 
               


            There is a sort of funnel that come into this place? - I don't know indeed.
Q. You know nothing of Gamble? - No.


                  JOHN
                   LITTLE
               



             sworn.
I am one of the miller's working at Mr. Hamerton's mills, I know Brightmore, the prisoner.
Q. Did you see him in company with Mrs. Sole at any time? - Not in company, he was about a hundred yards distant, I cannot tell you the day, Gamble was with Mrs. Sole. Brightmore had a bag on his shoulder, and something in it.
Q. Did you speak to Brightmore? - I believe not, I clapped my hand on the bag as I passed by the path.
Q. What is become of Gamble since? - That I cannot tell.
Q. Has he run away? - Very possibly.
Q. He was the person working at the needle manufactory, connected with your master's mills? - Yes.
Mr. Knapp. You speak out now at last, Brightmore was a hundred yards before Gamble and Mrs. Sole? - Yes.
Q. Then you never saw them together? - No nearer than that.
Q. You are sure that Gamble did not speak to you, nor you to him? - I am sure of that.


                  RICHARD
                   DOWSET
               



             sworn.
I know Brightmore, I have known him about five years, he lived about a hundred yards off from me, he keeps pigs.
Q. Have you seen what he gives his pigs? - What he called sweepings, it is a kind of grain, but I don't know what.
Mr. Knapp. He gives his pigs sweep ing, does he? wheat sweepings perhaps? - I don't know what sweepings it is.


                  JAMES
                   GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I went with a search warrant to the prisoner's house, I found him in an out house, and in his dwelling house I found two empty sacks, they are here, I found a little bag with about a peck of wheat in it, tied up with a string to the rafters; there is another bag with three pecks, or high a bushel of flour.
Mr. Knapp. You say you found these in an hot house, not at all concealed? - It was in his out house, adjoining his dwelling house.


                  JOHN
                   SHEPHERD KILLICK
               



             sworn.
I am the son in-law of the prosecutor, Mr. Hamerton, I have the concern and management of the nil's. On Saturday the 28th of June, when I returned home in the afternoon, our men told me that they had seen some wheat; on looking through a crevice of our room into the needle pointing manufactory, I there discovered a large quantity of unground wheat about the floor. Our granery is above the manufactory, and we have trunks or spouts, that convey the corn through the pin pointing manufactory, entirely inclosed from the top of the cealing to the hot house, where the corn is ground, which keeps them regularly supplied while the mill is going; on further searching the premises of the pin pointing manufactory, on searching these spouts I found there were little square holes made, stopped with a bit of leather, or cork, and immediately under these holes there was a binn, which received the corn when the leather or paper was drawn out; there were two funnels pierced in the way, but there was no binn directly under the other, they must draw it out with something under; then besides these holes there were several holes in the cealing, where they might draw out any quantity they wanted when they chose, they were stopped with little bits of wood or paper, the very least thing in the world would stop it when put in tight. I went to Mr Brightmore's premises with the constable, I was present when the wheat was found, it is of a similar sample with the wheat we have, it is a very high dried wheat, it is not to be bought at the cornmarket, nor any where else, it is for government service, for the use of the troops abroad, it is kiln dried for to make it keep a long time, I can clearly say to the best of my knowledge that it is Mr. Hamerton's, and it is kiln dried.
Q. I see there sacks, are you able to speak to any of them? - A little time ago we ground a large quantity of barley for the Stratford distillery, and this is one of the sacks that was delivered with that barley marked 
               
                  S. 
               


            S. for Stratford still-house.
Q. Had you any sacks of that sort on the 25th of June? - Yes, we had, and we have now some in the mill, they are worth about two shillings a piece.
Q. What is the value of this peck of corn? - About two shillings.
Mr. Knowlys. I take it for granted you have no share in this business? - I have not.
Q. This wheat you produce is kiln dried, suppose you was to see a sample of any kiln dried wheat from any other manufactory should you know the difference? - I think I should know it from any other manufactory; our positive orders is, to dry it as high as possibly we can, even the East India company don't dry it so high as we do.
Q. In this manufactory I take it for granted there are a great number of people employed? - Only two lately, Gamble and Low, they are both off.
Q. Those who had access to this manufactory most probably were persons that played these practices? - I never see any man with them but this prisoner, I have seen him continually with these people.
Mr. Knowlys. My friend has been asking you about corn for exportation; is there any other person that has corn of this sort but yourself? - About nine months ago there was an order thrown out to a miller who lives about thirty miles off.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel, I had nothing from the mill to the best of my knowledge at all, the sacks that were found, one of the millers left them at my house, when it thundered and lightened, and he asked me to carry them down to the mills when I went to work; he took it to shelter himself. Don't sling the sacks on me because I am not deserving of it.
The prisoner called five witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 23.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before the Lord CHIEF BARON.
