







610. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MACKEY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BOND
               




            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of October
, a canvas bag, value 2d. twenty-four pounds, eight shillings, in monies numbered, two Bank-notes of 20l. each, one Bank-note of 5l. another Bank-note of 2l. and seven Bank-notes of 1l. each
            , the property of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Green
               



             and 
               
                  Francis 
                  Roberts
               



            .


                  JOSEPH
                   NORBURY
               



             sworn. - I am a gentleman's servant out of place; I am at Mr. Skerrett's, a merchant, in Milk-street; I was sent by Mr. Loudunsac, his clerk, with this money, to carry to Mr. Glynn's, the banker's, No. 12, Birchin-lane; I met the prisoner Bond, I asked him to direct me to the house, he told me it was the last house but one on the left side of the way; he then jostled up against me, I felt the money go, it was in my coat-pocket; I said, you have robbed me, and collared him; and then another young man of the name of Bonner stepped up, and said, no, it was not him that had robbed me, it was two others that had taken the bag out of my pocket, and had run away; I pursued them, Bonner took one of them, and the others were taken in Leadenhall-market; I picked the bag up out of a cellar.
Cross-examined by Mr. Const, counsel for 
               
                  Bond
               


             Q. Bond you met in the street? - A. No, in Birchin-lane.
Q. You asked him which was the house? - A. Yes, I pulled the bill of the money out of my pocket, which had got the direction upon it, and he told me the place; he was like all of a tremble, and he said, it is the house on this side.
Court. Q. Did he give you a right direction? - A. I do not know; he said first, it was the last house but one, and then said, it was the house on this side of it, and at that time I felt the money go.
Q. Upon the impression you had of him at that time, you let him go? - A. Yes.


                  FRANCIS
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn. - I am a man's mercer; I only know that the property is mine and my partner's; I can swear to some of the notes.


                  JOHN
                   BONNER
               



             sworn. - I am warehouse-man to a warehouse in the city; I was in Birchin-lane, I saw the prisoners at the bar following 
               
                  Joseph
                   Norbury
               



             for two or three yards before they came to him; they were all three together; I saw them beckoning and winking at one another; Norbury had got a direction to the banking-house in his hand, Bond came up and stood close by his left side, shewing him where he was to go; I had seen them all before about the city. Taylor and Mackey came close behind him, and Mackey picked his pocket; I then went up to the young man and asked him what he had lost; he had, in the mean time, missed his money, and was returning and speaking to Bond; I told him the two principal ones were run up the passage that leads through into St. Michael's-court; we pursued them, and in St. Michael's-court I called out, stop thief; there were some ticket-porters standing at the tavern, and they directed us into Gracerhurch-street, we pursued them there, and were informed they went up the butter passage into Leadenhall-market; I went into the market, and we were informed by a butcher, that they were gone up the left hand side of the market; I very soon then saw Taylor and Mackey together in a dark passage; Bond we left behind in Birchin lane; I called out that they were there, upon which Mackey threw down some money into a cellar, two guineas rebounded from the bars, which I picked up; a constable then came up and secured them, and took them to the Compter.
Cross-examined by Mr. Const. Q. The young man has told us he applied to Bond first, to enquire something? - A. He might.
Q. Bond did not run away? - A. We left him; we followed the bag.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney, counsel for Taylor.
Q.When Taylor was taken, I believe you found nothing at all upon him? - A. No.
Q. You do not mean to say you saw him speak at all to Mackey or to Bond? - A. I saw them very close together, and in company together.

Q.Were there no other persons in company together in Birchin-lane, besides? - A.There might be, but they ran away together, and were caught together.
WILLIAM LOUDUNSAC sworn. - I saw a porter of our's give Norbury 78l. 8s.; 54l. in Bank-notes and 24l. 8s in cash, the property of Messrs. Roberts and Green; he was to carry it to Sir Richard Carr Glynn's. I can swear to one of the notes, a 20l. note; I know it by the number and sum.


                  JOHN
                   PERRY
               



             sworn. - I saw Mackey and Taylor pass my door in Leadenball-market, about four o'clock in the afternoon of Thursday, the 24th of this month; I knew them to be pick pockets, and I watched them, they went round the corner; I saw a little canvas bag in Mackey's hand; they went into a dark passage and stopped there, Mackey was counting out the money, and as I went by he was counting 19 guineas; I went about twenty yards beyond them, and I heard a hue and cry; I saw them making their escape, they made towards me, and I immediately seized hold of them both, one by each arm; Mackey had the money in his left hand, and he threw it down a cellar; the notes went through, but some of the money rebounded back.
Mr. Const. Q.When they were dividing the money Bond was not with them? - A. No.
Mackey's defence. I am innocent of the charge laid against me.
Taylor's defence. I met Mackey, who was an old ship-mate of mine, I went into Leadenhall market with him, he works there; I know nothing of Bond.
Bond's defence. This gentleman asked me where the house was; I told him I could not tell rightly, but I believed it was a little lower down.
Mackey 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 20.)
Taylor GUILTY (Aged 24.)
Bond GUILTY (Aged 32.)






               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
