





92. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of November
, a black silk cloak, value 5s. and a pair of silver sugar tongs, value 7s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Lee
                  




               
            .
JANE LEE sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  George
                   Lee
               



            , I live in Great Queen-street, Lincoln's-Inn-fields


: On the 21st of November, about twelve o'clock in the day, the prisoner came to my house, I had never seen her before in my life, she came and asked if we had any apartments to let; I told her I had, and she saw them, and engaged them for two months certain; I told her the lodgings would not be ready that day; she said she was the wife of Captain Wilson, that she came from Yarmouth; she pressed very hard to come the same day; she said, she had not where to be but at the inn, which was very awkward to her, not having her husband with her.
Q. Was the parlour the room she was to have? - A. No; she then went away, and returned inabout half an hour with a small bundle tied up in a silk handkerchief; she went into the parlour and staid there about two hours, she was alone during that time; she then came out to me in the shop, and said, she was going to the White-house, Fetter-lane, to order her boxes to be brought; she told me she should be back in about half an hour, and ordered me to get the tea-kettle boiling against she came back, that she might go to bed; I told her I would; she said, she was very much fatigued with riding in the coach two nights, and wished to go to bed, she went away and never returned after; when she had been gone about an hour, I began to suspect she was a thief, I went into the parlour and began to search to see what I could miss; I found there was my black cloak missing that hung up in the parlour.
Q. Are you sure the cloak was hanging up in the parlour when the prisoner was shown into it? - A. Yes, I had hung it up just before she came; I went to the closet, in the same room, and missed a pair of tea-tongs, I had seen them there that day; we had other plate in the closet, but nothing more was missing; I did not see her again till I saw her at Bow-street, which was about a fortnight after.
Q. Did you take notice enough of the person to be sure to know her again? - A. Yes.
Q. Is the prisoner that person? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you find either cloak or sugar-tongs again? - A. Yes, I saw them at Bow-street, and swore to them; the cloak was found in prison, but the lace was taken off, and spoiled.


                  GEORGE
                   JONES
               



             sworn. - I am apprentice to Mr. Ashman, pawnbroker, in the Strand: On the 21st of November, I took in a pair of tea-tongs, and a table-cloth, of a woman in the name of Hill; she said she came from Sarah Mellison, which is the name the prisoner goes by; I knew her very well.
Q. Do you know the woman that came to you, Mrs. Hill? - A. Yes, very well.
Q. Was the prisoner present when you were examined at Bow-street? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you recollect what you said then? - A. I said that the things were pledged in the name of Hill, they were not pledged by the prisoner.
Q. Did you never see the prisoner upon the subject of those tongs that were so pledged by anybody? - A. No.
Q. What became of the tongs? - A. I have them in my possession. (Produces them).
Q. How much did you lend upon them? - A. Upon the table-cloth I lent seven shillings, and on the tongs five shillings.


                  JOSEPH
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn. - I am one of the officers of Bow-street: I took the prisoner into custody on Thursday the 7th of December; on searching her I found a great number of duplicates, and among the rest the duplicate of the sugar-tongs. (Produces it).
Jones. This is the duplicate I gave to the person that pawned the sugar-tongs; the duplicate says, 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Nelson
               



             by Sarah Hill; they both lodge in one house, No. 12, Charles-court.
PETER JACOBS sworn. - (Produces the cloak). I am servant to Mr. Newport, the Governor of New Prison, I attend Bow-street office; I had an order from the office to bring the prisoner up to the office, upon the application of Mrs. Lee, after she was in custody; I brought her from the New Prison to Bow-street office; when we came to the office, Mrs. Lee was there, and she made a charge against her concerning her cloak, and when I brought her back to New Prison the prisoner gave me this cloak, Mrs. Lee was there at the same time; she received it from a man there that had the custody of it, and then she gave it to me.
Mrs. Lee. This is my cloak, I made it myself, I am positive it is mine; the sugar-tongs are marked M F, they are family tongs.
The prisoner did not say any thing in her defence.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 29.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
