





481. 
               
                  
                     WINNIFRED 
                     ARMKIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of October
, a cotton window curtain, value 6s. a linen sheet, value 3s. a linen handkerchief, value 1s. five yards and a half of cotton, value 5s. a pair of plated candlesticks, value 7s. a linen waistcoat, value 3s. a pair of silver shoe buckles, value 6s. two pair of thread stockings, value 7s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 1s. a pair of silk stockings, value 1s. 6d. a linen shirt, value 3s. a linen sheet, value 8d. ditto, value 6d. ditto, value 3s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 2s. one other linen sheet, value 3s. 6d. ditto, value 3s. a set of cotton bed valances, value 8s. a silver tea spoon, value 1s. a cotton bed curtain, value 8s. ditto value 8s. ditto, value 8s. two others ditto, 6s. two yards of linen, value 1s. one other cotton bed curtain, value 7s. 6d. ditto, value 4s. a cotton curtain, value 4s. ditto, value 5s. ditto, value 5s. two others, value 4s. one other, value 3s. two linen table cloths, value 10s. a linen shirt, value 5s. a silver tea spoon, value 2s. a linen shirt, value 5s. a silver tea spoon, value 2s. two linen shirts, value 7s. ditto, value 6s. ditto, value 2s. a linnen table cloth, value 8s. ditto, value 2s. a linen napkin, value 2s, a pair of cotton stockings, value 2s. one other linen table cloth, value 8s. ditto, value 2s. a linen towel, value 6d. ditto, value 1s. 6d. a cotton curtain, value 1s. 6d. a pair of thread stockings, value 1s. another linen towel; value 1s. a linen waistcoat, value 1s. 6d. two linen table cloths, value 2s. 6d. ditto, value 3s. a cloth coat, value 9s. a linen shirt, value 5s. ditto, value 4s. a stuff manchester window curtain, value 6s. another linen shirt, value 4s. another linen sheet, value 3s. twenty yards of linen for sheets, value 10s. 6d. two pair of silk stockings, value 4s. a linen handkerchief, value 1s. a cotton curtain, value 1s. 6d. and another pair of linen sheets, value 6s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ebenezer 
                     Brathwaite
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   LAWRENCE
               



             sworn.
I am an officer of the city of London; the prisoner was  servant to Mr. Brathwaite; I took the prisoner into custody, and found part of the property on her, that belonged to Mr. Brathwaite, and she confessed to the robbery at the time that I apprehended her.


                  EBENEZER
                   BRATHWAITE
               



             sworn.
Q. What servant was the prisoner? -A housekeeper
, I keep a shop
 in Cheapside


.
Q. These articles in the indictment, were they missed at one time, or at different times? - I never missed them at all, except the spoons; when I missed the spoons I charged her with it, and gave her in charge with the constable.
Q. Where was she when you found them on her? - She was in the kitchen, dressing some victuals for dinner; the officer, Lawrence, searched her in my presence, and I see the spoons drop from her; Lawrence took them into his possession.
Q. When you missed the spoons did you send for Lawrence? - I went to my Lord Mayor, and he ordered Lawrence to come with me.
Q. Was there any thing else that you missed? - Not then; but there was a bag with a matter of a hundred pawnbrokers duplicates, found on her, but only eighty concerned me.
Q. How long had she been in your service? - About eight months.
Q. Had you any character with her? - Yes, a written character.
Q. Did you take her on that character? - Yes, but I have known her these twenty years, she was a mantua maker formerly.
Prisoner. I did not pledge the things, but with an intent to take them out again, and part of the things are my own.
Court to Lawrence. You went by desire of the Lord Mayor, to the house of Mr. Brathwaite? - Yes, I went with Mr. Brathwaite.
Q. You was ordered to search her, I suppose? - Yes, and I did, I took these two silver tea spoons out of her pocket, and a single duplicate, which was hardly dry, a duplicate of a coat of Mr. Brathwaite's; while I was searching her she shoved about very much, and she dropped this bag of duplicates on my right to it, there is about a hundred of them.
Q. Have you kept those duplicates ever since, and the two spoons? - Yes; as soon as I found these duplicates she confessed that they were all her master's property, or a great part of them, and that she meant to take them out of pawn, and begged his pardon.
Q. Had you recommended her to do so? - No, I had not.
Q. Had you told her it would be better for her to do it? - Not a word.
Q. Have you traced any of the property? - Yes, the pawnbrokers are here, their duplicates answer to theft.
Prisoner. At the time that the officer came to me, I was taking up my dinner; he has got two little boxes of mine, and my silver thimble, and at the same time he did not find the tickets in my pocket, he shook them out of my pocket.
Lawrence. Those things were left at Mr. Brathwaite's, being of no consequence.
Prisoner. He did not find any thing on me but the two tea spoons.


                  HENRY
                   BATT
               



             sworn.
I produce seven different articles, which I took in of the prisoner, and three others that the apprentice took in; I took in on the 16th of April, a pair of buckles for six shillings; the 20th of May, a shirt and handkerchief for four shillings, the handkerchief is not Mr. Brathwaite's; on the 23d of May, a cotton window curtain for six shillings; and on the 17th of July a pocket handkerchief for a shilling; the 22d of August, a pair of plated candlesticks for seven shillings; the 11th of September a pair of stockings for eighteen-pence; the 3d of October three pair of stockings for two shillings; the other three articles I did not take in.
Q. Have you ever looked among the duplicates to see whether there were any that coresponded with what the boy took in? - There are.

Q. In whose hand writing are they? - In the boy's, I can swear to his hand writing.


                  MATTHEW
                   HOWGILL
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker's servant.
Court to Batt. In the mean time see if I awrence can give you any duplicates, if he can give you any duplicates that correspond to all the property that she delivered herself to you.
Q. To Howgill. What is it you produce? - Cotton bed curtains; I dare say there are a dozen; five sheets, eight shirts, three table cloths.
Q. Were all the things that you produce pawned by the prisoner? - Yes; three silver tea spoons, two pair of stockings, a pillow, a bed valance.
Q. You gave her duplicates? - Yes.
Batt. I have found all seven duplicates in my hand writing, and the three of the lad's.
Q. Now look at your's, Howgill? - These are them.
Q. In whose hand writing are they, your's or your master's? - They are mine mostly.


                  ANN
                   CHARD
               



             sworn.
I do not live in Mr. Brathwaite's family, my husband did.
Q. Did you ever make any shirts for Mr. Brathwaite? - Yes, I can speak to more than one, I have worked for Mrs. Brathwaite for upwards of these twelve years; they are in general marked E.B. and I know my work, I know the bed curtains, the sheet, and table cloth.
Court. I shall not call the other pawnbrokers, as nothing turns on the value of the things.
Court to Prosecutor. I see here is a pair of candlesticks and a silver tea spoon, perhaps you can speak to them yourself? - I believe the candlesticks to be mine, the spoons are all marked.
Prisoner. I do not know what to say, there is a great many of my own this is amongst them; I did not expect the bill would be filed against me, I thought every thing was settled this morning; I thought things were settled without coming here, or else if you please to give me time I can have plenty of witnesses to morrow.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
