





463. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     THORN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of October
, two silver table-spoons, value 7 s. one pair of man's shoes, value 2 s. and other things
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Bond
                  




               
            .
PHILIP BOND sworn.
I am a gun-maker
: the prisoner was my servant
; she lived with me two months; I had her taken upon Wednesday; I lost the things named in the indictment: I speak from my own knowledge of the loss of the spoons and shoes; in consequence of knowing this loss I sent for a constable.


                  ABIGAIL
                   STEWART
               



             sworn.
I am apprentice to Mrs. Bond, mantua-maker. On Monday I was out all day, and came home at night, and Mrs. Bond said she missed an apron, and on Tuesday she missed two spoons; on Wednesday a constable was sent for, and she confessed; the constable searched her, and found several duplicates, and among them was some of Mrs. Bond's property; she was taxed with it; she owned to having taken the wearing apparel, but not the spoons; she had a muslin apron in her pocket; she begged for mercy; Mrs. Bond said it was better for her to confess: they begged her to confess every thing: I was in the room all the time, she never said she had made away with the things.


                  JOSEPH
                   CRORKEN
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I produce two sheets, one spoon, one pair of men's shoes; I took in one sheet and a napkin: I have kept the things ever since; I know the prisoner, she frequented our shop.


                  THOMAS
                   WOOD
               



             sworn.
I am a constable of Langbourne Ward; on the 31st of October I searched the prisoner, and found this checked muslin apron; I found near forty duplicates on her, five in this book, and the rest in a stocking; they were in her pocket.
Stewart. I know this is Mrs. Bond's sheet, it is marked A. it was her's before she was married; the napkin is marked P. A. B.
Prosecutor. These shoes are mine, this spoon is mine.
Prisoner. I parted with those things not with any design to wrong my master or mistress. Some of the duplicates were found on the ground, and so was the pocket-book.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


