





286. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     FISHER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of February
, one pair of breeches, value 12 s. one linen shirt, value 9 d. one pair of worsted stockings, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dewett
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   DEWETT
               



             sworn.
I am a labouring man
: I live in Denmark-street, Ratcliffe-highway


: on the 1st of February, 
               
                  Daniel
                   Fisher
               



             entered into my room between five and six in the evening; he came with Mr. Harlem; they were quarrelling below, and I went down, leaving the prisoner and the other man in the room: when I went out, the other man came down, and left 
               
                  Daniel
                   Fisher
               



             in the room; when I came up again, being absent about an hour, I asked for Fisher, and he was gone: I did not miss any thing at that time, till the next morning, when I missed my breeches from a nail where they hung the evening before: I am sure they were there when I went out: my shirt and my stockings I likewise missed: after I missed my things on Tuesday, having suspicion of the prisoner, I went after him, and found them at a girl's where he is sometimes; and I went enquiring about at the pawn-brokers, and found my breeches: the pawn-broker's name is Nightly, in East Smithfield; I found the breeches there, and nothing else; I got the shirt and stockings from the girl the man keeps; the pawnbroker has had the breeches, and I the shirt and stockings; (produced and deposed to); after I had found the things, I had him taken up by an officer: he denied it, till I found it in his pocket; he owned at first to the shirt and stockings.


                  SARAH
                   LAWLER
               



             sworn.
I live in Black-horse-yard, East Smithfield; I was sitting at the sign of the Shovel, the first day of the month, on Monday night, between eight and nine; and 
               
                  Daniel
                   Fisher
               



             came and asked me if I would be so kind as to take care of a shirt and a pair of stockings for him till morning; he told me he got them from his washerwoman; I took them from the prisoner; he said they were his own; then I came and told Dewett that he was coming; and while I was gone, the things were gone; I did not see the prisoner take them; I ran after him, and took the shirts and stockings from him; it was in a minute after she called to me; and I ran after him, and took them from him; I never opened the things; but I know they were brown stockings and a white shirt; I know nothing more.
- BEAR sworn.
I am an officer: Dewett brought the man up, and gave him into custody to me on Tuesday morning; on searching him, I found the duplicate in his possession; I have had it ever since.
Prisoner. Did not I deliver the duplicate myself? - Yes.



                  URSULA
                   BOSTOCK
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Knightley, the pawnbroker: on Monday, the 1st of February, between six and seven in the evening, the prisoner came to our house, and pledged a pair of breeches for five shillings: I never saw him before; they are pledged in the name of 
               
                  John
                   Williams
               



            , Denmark-street: I asked him no other question; he was much better dressed then; I saw this duplicate wrote the next morning; Mr. Dewett came and claimed the breeches; I have had them ever since.
(Produced and deposed to.)


                  JOHN
                   ALLEN
               



             sworn.
I was at Dewett's room when this affair happened; there was nobody left in Dewett's room after he went out, except myself and the prisoner; then I went out, and left the prisoner in the room alone, there being a riot below; and then I went up again, and there was no other person in the room but the prisoner; I then staid about ten minutes; then I went down again and left him in the room; then I went with Dewett to the justice's for a warrant; then I went back to the room, and found the prisoner with the prosecutor's wife; then Dewett's wife and the prisoner went out together; I set there till Dewett's wife came back; but Dewett did not return with them: when the prisoner went away, he had a small bag with him; but not having any suspicion of the prisoner, I did not take notice of what he had: I went at the request of the prisoner, to the prosecutor, in order to make up the difference between them: but Dewett would not make it up.
Prisoner. It was Dewett sent to make it up; I did not send to him.
Allen. No; I went on my own account to make it up from them, but could not; the prisoner told me if Dewett would not make it up, he would put him in gaol, and send him out of the country.
Court to Allen. Did the prisoner tell you so? - Yes, my lord, he did.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The shirt and stockings I bought; and the breeches belong to 
               
                  James
                   Williams
               



            ; he sent me to pawn them for five shillings; and I gave him the money, and we went to a public house and had a pot of beer; and whilst we set there, I bought the duplicate of Williams, in order to take out the breeches myself; I offered him one shilling for it: and if he did not come on Saturday night to the sign of the Shovel, I was to have it for the shilling; but if he came, he was to have it back again: I was at Mr. Dewett's house on Monday evening; that makes him think I took the things; I knocked at the door, and heard a great confusion within; there was a fight; and there came out a great crowd of people; I went and asked him what was the matter? he said a woman had challenged his wife on Sunday, and they were to meet that evening.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
