





723. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     JOHNSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           White
                        




                     
                  , on the king's highway, on the 25th of September
, and putting her in fear and danger of her life, and feloniously taking from her person and against her will two linen sheets, value 4 s. a gown, value 4 s. a petticoat, value 12 d. a muslin handkerchief, value 13 s. three pair of stockings, value 12 d. two muslin caps, value 18 d. two check aprons, value 18 d. and a muslin apron, value 2 s. her property
            .


                  ANN
                   WHITE
               



             sworn.
I had been in place. I lodged at Mr. Viney's, in Great Marybone-street. I was in the Brentford coach, coming to London, and was getting out of that into a hackney coach: it was in Piccadilly, near the White Horse-cellar


, about a quarter before eight: my bundle, box, and band box were all put up into the hackney coach; and as the stage coachman was helping me up the high step of the hackney coach, the coachman and me were pushed down, and I missed my bundle out of the hackney coach; I did not see it taken, but I felt it rushing past my bonnet: I asked the hackney coachman about my bundle; that is the prisoner; and he said, he knew nothing of them; and I asked the stage coachman, and he knew nothing of them; and I came away in the coach without my parcel, to Mary-bone-street; I got my bundle again afterwards: there was no force used in taking it.


                  JOHN
                   THOMPSON
               



             sworn.
I am the stage coachman: I broughtthis gentlewoman and the things from Brentford, and put her and the things into the hackney coach, and I was shoved down on the side of the coach.


                  EDWARD
                   HUGHES
               



             sworn.
I am one of the patrol. I took this bundle from the prisoner on Saturday, the 25th of September, about a quarter before nine: I pursued him up Piccadilly: I had heard of the robbery: he was driving his coach: another person was with him, named 
               
                  Jack
                   Peart
               



            : I pursued them, and took the bundle from the prisoner; the other man jumped off; and when the prisoner had drove the coach to Princes-street, facing St. Ann's church, he took out the bundle, and walked down the court; I stopped him; he said, 
               
                  Jack
                   Peart
               



             gave it him: I secured him.


                  RICHARD
                   MOUNTAIN
               



             sworn.
I am the owner of the coach: the prisoner was not employed by me, nor I do not know how he came to be employed.
(The things deposed to, marked A. W.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I lived fellow servant with this coachman. About four o'clock in this afternoon he was rather in liquor; and he asked me to go out for an hour or two; I went out with his coach about half after seven; I was called from the stand in Piccadilly, and 
               
                  John
                   Thompson
               



             put the things in the coach; I never left the coach nor the horses: the lady said, she had lost her bundle; I said, it is of no use making a riot round the coach, for all the mob in the world will not bring the bundle back: I drove her to Marybone; then I was fetched to go to White's coffee-house; when I came to the Gate-house; says the gentleman, is this your bundle? and it fell out between my legs; I said, it is not mine; I took the bundle home till it was advertised.


                  WILLIAM
                   VINEY
               



             sworn.
I saw the prosecutrix get out of the coach; I searched the coach, and there was no bundle in the coach.




               GUILTY, of the larceny, not of the robbery
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
