






241. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NEWMAN
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BOYD
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of May
 last, a linen handkerchief, value 15 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Mackaness
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  JAMES
                   MACKANESS
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to an attorney
 in Chancery-lane. The prisoner picked my pocket of a handkerchief, on Saturday the 14th of May, between eight and nine in the evening: I was coming down Chancery-lane


, I had just made use of my handkerchief, and put it into my pocket, and somebody halloo'd out stop thief; the boy

 run down Chancery-lane, I followed him and stopped him, and the constable secured the other; the one I mean was 
               
                  William
                   Boyd
               



            : the constable said, you have lost your handkerchief; I felt and missed it, the handkerchief was found on the prisoner Boyd; the constable shewed it me, he has it now. I had but just bought it in Holborn, there was no mark upon it, I am sure it is the same, I have the fellow of it.


                  JOHN
                   STAPLETON
               



             sworn.
I am an officer. On the 14th of May in the evening, I was coming down Chancery-lane, about nine o'clock, I observed the two prisoners and another walking down behind the prosecutor; I had a suspicion they wanted to pick his pocket, I followed them: when they came opposite the New Buildings, I saw the little one (Boyd) take out his handkerchief, and give it to the other one, who put it in his pocket; I immediately crossed the way, and the other, who was behind, run away; I returned immediatelyto Newman, and took the handkerchief out of his pocket; I found another upon him, I secured the two prisoners, I have kept the handkerchief ever since.
(The handkerchief deposed to.)
Prosecutor. I gave eighteen-pence for it.
Prisoner Boyd. I would be glad to go to sea, or any thing.


                  WILLIAM
                   NEWMAN
               



            , 
               
                  WILLIAM
                   BOYD
               



            ,




               GUILTY, 10 d.
            






               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
