





492. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PARROW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of August
, a silver watch, value 30s. a steel chain, value 1s. a base metal key, value 1d. a seal gilt with gold, value 2d. and a pair of velveteen breeches, value 4d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Baker
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   BAKER
               



             sworn.
I am a cork-cutter
: On Monday night the 15th of August, the prisoner and I went to bed together in one room, but in two separate beds; I took the watch out of my pocket and put it under the bolster, at the head of my bed; in the morning-about seven o'clock, when I awoke, my watch was gone, and the man was gone; I had missed my breeches about a week before; the prisoner was apprehended the same day by serjeant Hunter, with my watch upon him; I asked him about the breeches; he denied them till after the watch was found, and then he said he had lost the duplicate, and I never got them again.
SERJEANT HUNTER sworn.
I am a serjeant in the guard
s: On Monday the prisoner missed guard; on the Tuesday I was informed that he was gone off with a watch; I found him in the afternoon in St. James's Park, and asked him if he knew any thing of the watch; he denied it at first, but afterwards he unbuttoned his waistcoat and gave it me out of his bosom; he has been in the regiment two years and seven months; he has a very indifferent character. (Produces the watch.)
Baker. I can swear to the watch by the number, and the maker's maker.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
