





278. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     RICHARDSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of January
, a silver watch, value 30 s. a steal watch chain, value 12 d. two stone seals, value 2 d. a watch key, value 1 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Dale
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   DALE
               



             sworn.
I am a publican
 the corner of Wych-street


; I was standing at my own door, on Friday the 8th of February, I lost my watch, I went out of my own house to make water about half after eleven, to that door, and a person passing by picked it out of the right side of my breeches, and the glass being broke it catched, feeling my watch go I pursued, and cried stop thief, and I saw somebody turn the corner in Wych-street; I did not see the prisoner at all, this might be about eleven o'clock in the evening, and a gentleman coming down the street caught hold of the prisoner, and said to me here is your watch; the gentleman stopped him before I, and the watchman got up; the gentleman brought him down and the watch to my house; I had lost sight of him, I have no recollection who the person was, I gave the watch up that night to the beadle 
               
                  Richard
                   Dobbings
               



            ; the gentleman told me the prisoner gave him hold of the watch as soon as he caught hold of him.
Q. Why is not that gentleman here? - He had taken a coach, and he said he might be at Jamaica before the trial would come on; the prisoner kneeled down and said it was his first offence and hoped I would forgive him.


                  JOHN
                   BERRY
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; I was calling half after eleven, on Friday the 8th of this month, and I heard a cry of stop thief, I pursued the thief, I saw him run, and I took that prisoner; and I sprung my rattle, and the gentleman had caught hold of him, when I went up I took hold of the prisoner, I saw a watch in the gentleman's hand, and I heard the gentleman say in the hearing of the prisoner, that he took the watch out of the prisoner's hand; he said it was the first thing ever he had been guilty of. I saw the gentleman deliver it to Mr. Dale, it was a silver watch.

Mr. Schoen. What sort of a gentleman was this? - He appeared like a gentleman.
Q. Was he going the same way with the prisoner? - He was going towards where the prisoner ran.


                  RICHARD
                   DOBBING
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. On Friday the 8th of February, past eleven at night, the prisoner at the bar was brought to the watch-house; he was charged with robbing Mr. Dale of a watch, he said it was his first offence, and wished he would forgive him; I have got the watch here. (The watch deposed to.)
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 33.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
