





102. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MALCOM
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d day of February
, three linen skirts, value 14 s. one pair of cotton breeches, value 6 s. one pair of flannel drawers, value 12 d. four pair of cotton stockings, value 6 s. one pair of worsted stockings, value 12 d. a cotton waistcoat, value 12 d. six cambrick neck-cloths, value 2 s. one muslin handkerchief, value 1 s. a razor, value 2 d. one case, value 2 d. one printed book, value 4 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Hood
                        



                     
                  ; two linen shirts, value 10 s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 2 s. three cotton handkerchiefs, value 18 d. two shoe brushes, value 4 d. one blacking ball, value 2 d. one clothes brush, value 6 d. a razor, value 2 d. eighteen plated buttons, value 6 d. one leather bag, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Lowrie
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Richard
                         Simpson
                     



.



                  JAMES
                   HOOD
               



             sworn.
I live in this town.
What part of the town? - I have forgot; I live in a house near the church; I forget the name of the church; I do not know the name of the street; I am come from Scotland; I have been in town two weeks; the man's name is Master Lindsey. I lost the things in the Prince William Henry, a publick house, at Charing cross


.
What business are you? - I am no business at all.
No employment? - I am a miner
; I was in the army a little while, not long; there was that man, Malcom, was along with us; I was going to the Invalid Office, to call for a gentleman, this lad and I; I knew him before; and he was going to shew us where it was; Lowrie, the other lad that the things belonged to, was with us.
Where did you meet with the prisoner? - In the street, two days before; I never knew him before; me and Lowrie had come from Woolwich about two days; he spoke to us first on London-bridge; we never took notice of him; he asked the other lad if he was going to Chatham; he was a soldier
; and Lowrie asked Malcom if he was going to Chatham; Lowrie had on a soldier's coat; Malcom said, he was going to get his discharge; he had his regimentals on; I never had any regimentals; and Malcom said, he would get a beating order from his serjeant to us, to go to Scotland, or get us down by sea from the Scotch society; and we went into a publick house; he followed us into the White Hart, on this side of the Thames; I believe it was near London-bridge; he drank with us; we had a pot of beer, and went away together; and we went to one of his comrade's houses, as he told us; we sat there about two hours; he said, he would go and get the beating orders for us; he came back and said, he could not get one; then we all three went to a place where he said the Scotch Society sat; they told us they could do nothing in it; but they directed us to Mr. Frazer, at the Middlesex Hospital; then we went to his quarters and slept all night; we all three went to him the next day; he said, he could do nothing in it; and he gave us a line to go down to one at the Invalid Office; Malcom shewed us the way; his quarters were at the house of Master Williams, the Green Man, at Poplar; we slept there again the second night; we went to the Invalid Office, at nine; the man was not to be there till eleven; that was the day we lost our property; we went to the Prince 
               
                  William
                   Henry
               



            's, to get a pot of beer, till eleven o'clock; it is just below Charing-cross, a piece; we went about eleven to go to the Invalid Office, and left our bundles lying on the table; Lowrie and me went out, and left Malcom there, and three or four people more; we left our bundles on the tap room table; we had them with us every time before; we were gone about a quarter of an hour; when we returned Malcom was not in the room, and the bundles were gone; we looked for him; we staid there some time; then we went to Poplar to see for him; some of the people we left there were there when we came back; he did not come home all night; the next morning we went to his commanding officer; he belonged to the third regiment of guards; and by his directions we went back to Malcom's quarters, at Poplar; but he did not come; I never saw my bundle since; but I found Malcom on the Saturday, the 5th, in the Guard Room; I saw a pair of my stockings on his legs when I went in; I told him the marks of them before he took them off; they were blue cotton, marked in the feet with coarse linen cloth: the book was a Psalm book; I knew it: there was nothing else found upon him: the stockings and Psalm book were in the bundle, on the table; the bundle contained the things in the indictment; (repeating them) the beadle has the things; Malcom said the stockings were his own, and that he gave the bundles to them men: I had not opened the bundle since I came from Woolwich.



                  GEORGE
                   LOWRIE
               



             sworn.
On Tuesday me and the last witness met with the prisoner on London-bridge; he came up along side of me, and asked me if I was going to Chatham; he had his regimentals, we had each bundles, he asked me if I was going to Chatham; I said no; he said he was going to get his discharge; I was in the artillery at Woolwich, I said I had mine already, and he told us he was going to get the benefit of his discharge, and saying what a fine thing it would be to him, as he was but young; so he asked us if we were going to Scotland, and I told him we were; he asked what part we were going to, and I told him to Edinburgh; and he asked if we had a beating order, I said no; he said it would be a great advantage to us, as we were going to travel by land, he said he was sure he would get one for us, if we would go with him; I said I was going into a house, as we had had no breakfast; he said he would come soon; I said he might as well take share of a pot of beer; I told him a beating order would not answer, but Hood, my partner, was more inclined to it, so I consented to try; we slept the night before at the White Hart; he took us to an acquaintance's, and ordered us to stay there till he could get a beating-order of the serjeant for us; this was on the Tuesday; he came back in two hours, and said he could not get it, but he would get it by the Scotch Society, and he took us to a house where he said they sat, and got paper, and wrote a line to take to that house; he left us at the door, we all three went up to the door, he came back and said he could do nothing for us, and he recommended us to Mr. Frazer at the Middlesex Hospital; this was what Malcom told us: by this time it was near night, and he proposed taking us to his quarters at Poplar; we staid two nights with him, next day we come up to Mr. Frazer's, about eleven, he was not in, and next day we got a line to the Invalid Office, and slept at his quarters that night; and the next morning we went to the Invalid Office; the gentleman would not be there till eleven, so we proposed going to a publick-house, so we came to the Prince 
               
                  William
                   Henry
               



            , we staid there till eleven; then we came out and left our bundles on the table, and the prisoner there; Hood and me went together to the office, we returned in about a quarter of an hour, and the prisoner and the bundles were gone; I had in my bundle two shirts, and the other things in the indictment (repeating them); I had not opened my bundle until I came away from Woolwich, they were tied up in two kerchiefs; I was present when the prisoner was searched, nothing of mine was found upon him; Hood claimed the stockings on his legs, I had my bundle in my custody all the time from Woolwich, I parted from it no where.
- MEEK sworn.
I am an out-pensioner in the thirty-ninth regiment of foot. I was at this publick house, on Thursday, the 3d of February, when Hood, and Lowrie, and the prisoner were there; it might be about ten o'clock, between nine and ten; they were in company together; they stopped some considerable time, and were getting some buttered rolls and purl, and I saw Hood and Lowrie go out, and the prisoner left behind with the box, I heard nothing pass, I saw two bundles laying on the table, tied up in kerchiefs; they were all entire strangers to me, they might sit an hour, or an hour and an half; I saw the bundles laying on the table after the two were gone, and I saw the prisoner take the two bundles almost immediately from off the table, and put them alongside the form, I did not see him go out; when the two men returned they asked for the soldier
, and two or three told them they saw him go out with the bundles; I was present on Saturday night when the prisoner was searched at the watch-house; Hood claimed the stockings on the prisoner's legs, and a small psalm-book.


                  JAMES
                   PRICE
               



             sworn.
I was at this house when the prisoner andand Lowrie came in; I staid there while they sat together, I saw the lads bring in each a bundle, they were put on the table in the tap-room, the two lads went out and left the prisoner with two bundles by him, and I saw the prisoner take up the two bundles under his arm from a form by the side of the fire, under his arm, and stand by the tap-room door; he went out of the tap-room door, and I saw no more of him; I did not see him move the bundles from the table to the form.
- LOWRIE sworn.
I am an officer; on Saturday, the 5th of February, the two lads came to the watch-house to me, turned of five, I apprehended the prisoner, and brought him to the watch-house, I found him at the Prince 
               
                  William
                   Henry
               



            , Hood claimed the stockings as his own, and I found a book in his waistcoat pocket; Hood owned the book directly; there was his name and his wife's name in it.
(The stockings produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The stockings I had had eighteen months; the book is their property. Last Wednesday was a week I met them two young men on Tower-hill; I asked Lowrie if he was discharged? he said, no, he was bound for Scotland; I went along Tower-hill and London-bridge, to the White Hart in the Borough; they said they slept there all night, and their bundles were there; we had three pots of beer; I told them I would try to get them a beating order to go down to Scotland; I left them at a house, at an acquaintance's of mine; I went to the clerk of the Orderly Room; he said he could not give one to another regiment; I came back and told them that the Scotch society might assist them; I went with them to Mr. Campbell; I told him they were two distressed men discharged, and did not know how to get to Scotland; he said, he could do nothing; he recommended them to Mr. Frazier; they went to give the letter, and left the bundles in charge with me at the public house; Mr. Frazier gave them an order to go to the Invalid Office; it was so late, they could not go that night; I told them they might lodge with me at twopence apiece; the next day we were to be there by nine o'clock; the two young men took their bundles with them; we came to the Invalid Office; the gentleman was not there till eleven; we had three pots of purl at the Prince Henry's Head; they went out and came in again, and left their bundles in charge of me; they came in a second time, and went out a third time; I went to see what was become of them; I went to the office, and could not find them; and being pretty much in liquor, I went to a public house at Charing-cross, and left the two bundles; and they were taken away; the time they were out, in shifting the bundles from the table to the form, the book fell out; I took it up, and was reading in it, and accidentally put it in my pocket; the stockings I have had eighteen months.
Court to Hood. You are very sure you never left the prisoner in charge of your bundles? - No, Sir, I never did.


                  JOHN
                   CALDER
               



             sworn.
I am in the same company; he formerly had a very good character in the regiment; but I cannot say so much of it since about five months ago.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
