






428. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     YORK
                  



               
             and 
               
                  CHARLOTTE 
                  JENNINGS
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of June
, two window curtains, value 6s. a feather holster, value 4s. two pillow-cases, value 6d. a pair of linen sheets. value 4s. a cotton counterpane, value 8s. a looking-glass, value 1s. 6d. a pillow, value 2s. and a bed-tick, value 10s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Simpson
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  MARY
                   SIMPSON
               



             sworn. - I live in the parish of St. Luke's


, I let lodgings: The two prisoners lodged in my house two days, the prisoner Jennings took the lodgings; she came to my house on the Tuesday, about eleven o'clock at noon, and said she wanted a lodging for her husband, and said he was a sawyer; she agreed for a furnished room, at three shilling a week, up one pair of stairs, and gave one shilling earnest; she did not come that night, but she came on Wednesday morning, and he with her; they lodged there on Wednesday and Thursday; she came down and asked for the sheets and the counterpane, and I gave them into her hand, that was on the Thursday morning, he was with her then; I saw him go out of the passage on Thursday noon, I did not see him afterwards; and I saw her on the Thursday, but never saw her afterwards; I looked through the key-hole and saw the bed was gone, and the room stripped; I then opened the door, and found the feathers on the floor, and the tick gone; I missed all the articles mentioned in the indictment, (repeating them): a week afterwards, I found the prisoner by accident at a public-house door; I saw nothing of the property till I came to the Public-office.


                  SARAH
                   MITCHELL
               



             sworn. - I live in Church-street, St. Leonard, Shoreditch; I keep a broker's shop, I know the prisoner Jennings, she came to me in June, I cannot tell the day, it was in the afternoon; she came to me with a swing-glass, a feather-bolster, and a pillow-bier, with a very few feathers in it; she brought them to me for sale; I have known her many years, living in the neighbourhood; I have furnished rooms for her mother; she came to sell these things; I asked her if they were her own, she said they were; she desired I would give her as much as I could for them as she was in a great deal of distress; I bought them all of her at the same time; I gave her a separate price for each article, altogether nine shillings; she seemed dissatisfied with the price, and I told her, I had rather she would take them some where else, for I had offered her more than they were worth; she went away a few yards from the door, and in three or four minutes came back, and asked me to give her six-pence more for them; I told her, I could not, and then she took the nine shillings; I had them nigh upon a week for sale at the door; I sold the bolster some days after; Mr. Harper came to our house and enquired after these articles, I delivered them to Mr. Harper; after that I recollected that I had bought a pillow-case of the same person, and I went up stairs to look for it and found it in the feather-room; I believe it is the same, but I am not sure, for my man carried it up, and he has had the care of it.


                  SAMUEL
                   HARPER
               



             sworn. - I am a constable belonging to the Police-office in Worship-street.(Produces a glass and pillow.) On the 18th of June, of a Tuesday, in consequence of an information, I took the prisoner York, into custody in Saunders's gardens, Kingsland-road; I took him in custody, and I took him to the office, the prosecutrix appeared against him, and he was committed for further examination. Some few days afterwards he was brought up and committed again for further examination, the goods not being then found; when he came up for the third examination, I found out where the father of the prisoner Jennings lived, and I found her near Gun-street; and in consequence of her directions I found some property at Mr. Cotton's, a pawnbroker, in Shoreditch, and at Mr. Francis's a pawnbroker in Shoreditch; Armstrong and I went to Mitchell's first with a search-warrant; I saw Armstrong find this pillow, and this glass (produces them); they have been in my possession ever since.


                  JAMES
                   ROBERTSON
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Cotton, a pawnbroker in Shoreditch, (produces a bed-tick) I took it in pledge from the prisoner Jennings, on the 14th of June, for nine shillings, I had frequently seen her before.
Q.Did you ever see the prisoner York? - A. I have seen him with her, but not at this time.
WILLIAM-ALEX. SCULTHORPE sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Francis, a pawnbroker in Holywell-street, Shoreditch, (produces two sheets, two curtains, and a counterpane); I took them in of

                  Charlotte
                   Jennings
               



            , on the 14th of June for ten shillings; I had served her many times before.
Q. Do you know the prisoner York? - A. He was not with her.(The property was deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
York's defence. I have used the sea the greatest part of my life, and upon my return home last September in the Glatton, I came on shore among my friends, at the Three Neats Tongues, in Shoreditch; a man that draws beer there asked me if I wanted a girl, and he brought me this young woman; she took me to this room, and I staid there with her a day or two, till my money was expended, and I was backwards and forwards with this young woman several times, and then I left her; the prosecutor wanted me to give her three guineas, and Harper said I had better give her the three guineas, or it would be worse for me, and I should be in jail so long.
Jennings's defence. I have lived with this man above twelve months; I was on board a ship with him and he used me very ill and I left him, and he came back and said, if I would live with him he would not use me so any more, and he used me very ill indeed; he took out a knife and swore he would stab me if I did not take these things away; I told him they were not ours, and he must not, but he wrapped the sheets round his body and took them away with him.
Harper. As to making up the business with the prosecutor, I deny it upon my oath.
The prisoner Jennings, called four witnesses who gave her a good character.
York, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Jennings, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LE BLANC.
