





530. 
               
                  JANE 
                  MOUNSLOW
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the eighteenth of October
, a counterfeit penny, three guineas, and two shillings and sixpence
            , the goods, chattels, and monies of 
               
                  
                     Rowland 
                     Jones
                  




               
            .


                  ROWLAND
                   JONES
               



             sworn. I am a farmer's labourer
. I lost three guineas and some silver last Sunday sen'night, about three o'clock in the morning. I went along with a woman. I cannot tell the name of the place. I met her in Smithfield


, I think, to my knowledge, about ten o'clock, and I went with her to her lodgings, home. I slept there two or three hours I dare say, I gave her half a crown to get some bread and cheese, and a pot of beer. I had the money in a little bag in my stocking. I was rather drunk.
Q. Did she see you take the half crown out of this stocking for the bread and cheese? - No, I took it out of my waistcoat pocket.
Q. Did you get any of your money again? - I got some out of it. When I awoke she was gone, and my stocking was cut through, and my money gone. She was taken up about one or two o'clock the next morning, to my knowledge. I know the woman's face very well.


                  CHARLES
                   INGLEFIELD
               



             sworn.
Q. Are you the constable? - I am superintendant of St. John's watch house. Between one and two o'clock in the morning, the eighteenth of this month, the watchman came to me, and said, there was a robbery committed in Turnmill-street. I went down along with them, and this girl and another were standing at the back side of the Sessions house, the man was standing in the alley, and as soon as I took the girl up the alley, he taps the girl on the shoulder, and said, this is the girl that robbed me, and I took her up to her room, and searched her, and found three guineas in gold, and sixpence, and two shillings; it was tied up in a kind of canvas bag. The constable has got it.(Produced.)

Q. to Jones. Do you know whether this is your purse? - Yes, it is, I will swear to it. I never took notice of the gold, but I did of the sixpence; this is the sixpence, I will swear to it.
Prisoner. That gentleman asked me if I would have any thing to drink; and we had three pints of beer, and he asked me where I lived? and I told him, says he, if you have a home, I will be glad to go home with you; I said, yes, I can make a shift with you, I have two children, and he gave me a shilling for the room all night, and one shilling and sixpence to get some bread and cheese, and he gave me that bag, and I never opened it till the watchman took it from me.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 49.)




               Imprisoned one year in the House of Correction
             and 



               fined 1s.
            

Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
