





527. 
               
                  MARY 
                  CHEESEHAM
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of June
, five pair of childrens leather shoes, value 7s. two pair of womens leather shoes, value 5s. a linen apron, value 1s. two linen handkerchiefs,, value 18d.
             the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Cooley
               




            .


                  JAMES
                   COOLEY
               



             sworn.
I am a shoe-maker
, No. 43, Rosemary-lane; the prisoner was my servant
, shelived with me the months of May and June.
Q. When did you first miss any property? - Wednesday, the 18th of June.
Q. Did you miss all your property at one time? - I believe I did; they were missing from my shop.
Q. How come you to suppose this young woman, your servant, had got them? - I supposed it by missing a pair of tea-tongs. I immediately thought that my servant had made free with the other things; I went and searched the very next day, which I believe was the 19th of June, and the very first place I went to one Mr. Fordyce's, Shadwell Dock, where I found several pair of shoes; he is a pawnbroker. I found some more articles at Mrs. Crouch's, Ratcliff Highway, to the best of my knowledge; they were childrens shoes; a pair of red-morocco shoes, wrapped up in a South-sea handkerchief, belonging to me; they were left at the pawnbroker's.


                  JAMES
                   BRUCE
               



             sworn.
I am servant to a pawnbroker in Cable-street, Wellclose-square.
Q. To Collry. You did not tell me of any property found there? - You did not give me time. I found some there.
Bruce. I produce one shawl pawned for 18d. I don't know the party of whom I had it; I gave a duplicate with it in the name of Mary Cheeseham; I have kept from that time to this.


                  Q. 
               


            What day was this? - The 13th of June; afterwards the prosecutor's wife came and looked at it, and had a fresh ticket on it, and had it put in her own name.


                  WILLIAM
                   FORDYCE
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I produce four pair of shoes, childrens and womens, three pair of childrens and one pair of womens; I got them of Mary Cheese-him, the prisoner; they were pawned with me the 24th of May and the 24th of June, I have kept them ever since; I know her person.
Prosecutor. I can swear to this handkerchief, but not so positively as my wife can. I lost one of that sort; the shoes have not my private marks on then, but I can swear to them, because they tally with those that have my marks on them.
Mrs. Cosley. This handkerchief I had not missed at the time, but afterwards; when it was found I examined then, and missed it out of my bottom drawer; I had it by me these two years; I am sure it is mine.


                  JAMES
                   CUBBAGE
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I produce four pair of shoes and an apron, or South-sea handkerchief; I took them in of the prisoner the 30th and 31st of May; I know the prisoner.
Prosecutor. The handkerchief is silk and cotton, and worth hardly any thing; these red morocco shoes wrapped up in it have my private marks, a figure of I and a figure of 4.
Q. Had you sold these shoes? - I had not; here are three pair of black shoes marked with an 0 and 4, and a pair of womens with my private mark.


                  ALICE
                   NEGUS
               



             sworn.
I am a poor working woman; the prisoner gave me a duplicate, and I gave it to the constable; she gave it me on a Saturday morning in June or July, I cannot say which.


                  REUBEN
                   CARTER
               



             sworn.
I produce eight duplicates; I got them of the prisoner, I believe it was in the month of August; that is all I have to say.
Q. Did not you receive a duplicate from a woman? - Yes.



                  Q. 
               


            Is that one of the eight? - No; I put it among this other parcel.
Q. Does any of the pawnbrokers know of these duplicates? - Yes.
Q. They are the duplicates of some of the things that have been produced? Are they? - Yes.
Prisoner. I was two days with my prosecutor when he began to make attempts to seduce me, and repeated it so often that it was with great difficulty I could do my business. I told his wife of it, and she told me to keep my distance, and he gave me these things to seduce me, but finding he could not, he had me apprehended as a thief. No sooner was I taken than he went to my father, in hopes of making property of me, told him that, as he was a constable, his daughter had been robbing in the Back-lane, and now was the time to save her; but he could not leave his work in time before I was committed. The prosecutor told me last Wednesday, that he would throw the bill out if I could give him a note of hand for value received, and actually went to buy a stamp for that purpose.
Court to Prosecutor. Did you ever give her any of these things? - Never.
Q. On your oath, you hear the reason that she has assigned, is it true or false? - It is entirely an invention. The father came to me, and begged of me to accept of half-a-guinea to make a slaw in the indictment. I immediately told him that I should forseit my recognizance if I did any such thing; I told him I could not do it, but I humbly ask for mercy for the prisoner if you can but grant it; I do not come here maliciously to prosecute her, my noble Lord, but I humbly beg, if there is mercy to shew, shew it to the prisoner at the bar.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you ever give her any of these things, or ever offer to receive any sum of money? - Never.
Court to Mrs. Cooley. Was there ever any complaint made by this young woman? - No, never, on my oath; she never made one complaint to me.
The prisoner called three witnesses to her character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven Years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
