





275. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th day of May
, one gold watch chain value 3 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Geo. 
                           Littler
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .
The case opened by Mr. Garrow.


                  JOHN
                   HAWLEY
               



             sworn.
On the 14th of this month, about half past seven, I was opening the shop; the prisoner came to the shop and asked if Mr. Littler was at home; I said no; he askedwhat time would he be at home; I said perhaps in half an hour; he said he had told him of a gold repeating watch; I asked him if it was set round with pearl? I then shewed him the watch; he said that would do, and asked me the price; before I shewed him the watch he said don't you know me; he said I am Dr. Cooper, of Norfolk-street; I recollected there was such a person in Norfolk-street, therefore I had no doubt he was the person; then I shewed him the watch; there were some more watches in a glass case, and that he would take the gold watch also that Lady Caroline might have her choice: he put them both in his pocket; then I shewed some chains; he pitched upon one chain of three guineas, then he went away: as soon as he was gone I missed the other gold chain marked 3 l 5 s. there was no other person in the shop; I saw the chain at Sir Sampson's.


                  HARRY
                   HOWELL
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroke, servant to Mr. Jones, pawnbroker in Fleet-street; I produce a gold watch chain received between the hours of one and three, of Mr. Smith, described to live in Holborn,; he told me he had given 3 l. 5 s. for it; I lent him 2 l. upon it; it has been in my possession ever since; I did not know the prisoner before.


                  GEORGE
                   LITTLER
               



             sworn.
This is my chain, I am sure of it; there is my private mark of the weight on it.
Dr. 
               
                  JOHN
                   COOPER
               



            , sworn.
I never saw the prisoner in my life before, or did I ever give him or any other person, any authority to take goods upon my account.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character.




               GUILTY, 3 s
            . (Aged 21.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
N. B. The chain was stated in the indictment at 3 s. by a mistake, which takes off the capital part of the offence.




[Transportation. See summary.]


