





514. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     HUTCHINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        George 
                        Lochtie
                     




                  , on the 16th of August
, about the hour of ten in the night, and burglariously stealing therein, a woman's red cloth cloak, value 5s. a pair of stays, value 2s. a black quilted stuff petticoat, value 1s.
             the goods of George Lochtie.


                  GEORGE
                   LOCHTIE
               



             sworn.
I live at St. Paul's, Shadwell


; my house was not broke open. On the 16th of August, I lost a red cloak, a pair of stays and petticoat, out of my window, late at night, being Saturday; and being Saturday I did not miss them, Monday morning I missed these things, and went and found the cloak pawned, on Saturday evening, by the prisoner at the bar.
Q. What time on Monday morning did you miss them? - About eight o'clock when I generally open; the cloak was pawned at 
               
                  Joseph
                   Willington
               



            's, he is here.
Q. Have you seen any thing besides your cloak? - No, because if I had, I should know them. The prisoner was a customer to my shop, I see her in the shop, about ten o'clock at night, my wife served her, I see her, she told me she had served her.
Q. Was not your house broke at all? - There was a small iron bolt taken out of the inside of the shutters, to get at this property, but that was inside the house, that could not have been done from without.
Prisoner. You served me this cap that I have got on my head, about twelve o'clock, and there was no foul in the shop but yourself.


                  JOSEPH
                   WILLINGTON
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I produce a red coloured cloak; I got it of the prisoner at the bar, on the 16th of August, Saturday, about ten at night, I gave her a ticket, she was a customer to our shop, she said it belonged to herself; it was pawned in her own name, Elizabeth Hutchins.
Prosecutor. It is my cloak, I know it by this stain, I can swear to it by that.
Prisoner. I went to the butcher's the the corner of Farthing-fields, to buy a piece of meat for me and my child, and a good woman asked me if I would go of an errand for her? it was to pawn that thing for her; I asked her what it was? she said it was this cloak, and I willingly did it for the sake of a few halfpence, says she, do you know that pawnbroker, and does he know you? yes, says I, then says she, put it in your own name as long as I have the duplicate it will be no object; I went and asked the pawnbroker half acrown, I carried it to the woman, and she asked me whether I would have a quartern with her or the halfpence? I said the halfpence would be of most service to me, and if my prosecutor can swear that I stole the property, I am very willing to suffer what the laws of God and my country can instict. I never saw the woman before.




               GUILTY, Of stealing the cloak, but not of the burglary
            . (Aged 36.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
