





579. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     ROLFE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of October
, a wooden box, value 1s. nine glass bottles filled with lime juice, value 9s. a glass bottle of castor oil, value 10s. a glass bottle of foreign pickles, value 2s. and two earthen jars of foreign pickles, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John-Adam 
                     Mouchet
                  



               
            .
Second Count. Laying them to be the 
property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Brockley
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN-ADAM
                   MOUCHET
               



             sworn. - I know nothing of the loss; 
               
                  Joseph
                   Brockley
               



             was the carrier.


                  JOSEPH
                   BROCKLEY
               



             sworn. - I am a butcher
: I was carrying a box for Mr. Mouchet, from St. Martin's-le-grand to Sommer's-place, Kentish-town, in a cart; I put it in the cart myself; when I had got into St. John's-lane


, about six o'clock in the evening, last Saturday was a week, my horse cast off his shoe; I stopped in St. John's-lane to have a shoe put on; there were some children about the cart, and I gave them a few halfpence to sit upon the boxes while I got a shoe put on; when I came out of the farrier's, back again, I missed one of the boxes; I asked the children where the box was, and they said a man had taken it away; they told me he was gone through a narrow passage that they shewed me, just by the cart; I went through the court, and there was a woman standing, and I learned that he was just gone down towards Smithfield; I followed for some time, but I could see nothing of the man; I returned to my horse and cart, and was going home, when several people came up, and informed me that the box was found, and the man taken with it upon his back; they conducted me to a linen-draper's shop in St. John's-street, where I found the box and the constable; the prisoner was gone to the watch-house; (the box was produced). This is the same box.


                  LEONARD
                   LAMMAS
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: I was going down St. John's-lane, about six o'clock; I went through this narrow passage, which they call Parson's-alley, it leads into St. John's-street; when I got into St. John's-street, there were three or four women standing at the corner of the alley, and they told me the man was gone down the street towards Peter's-lane; I ran after him, and saw him cross the way with the box on his shoulder; I went up to him, and said, what have you got there, where did you get this box from; says he, I am a porter, I have brought it from Aylesbury-street, and I am going to carry it to the George-inn, in Smithfield; I told him I had reason to doubt it, and I should detain him; he then let the box go from his shoulder, and broke a piece of the lid off, and a bottle fell out of it; I never let the prisoner go at all; this is the box that I took from him.
Prisoner. Mr. Lammas has known me a great many years.
Lammas. I have known him a great many years; he has been taken up before.
Prisoner's defence. I was employed to carry the box to the George-inn, in Smithfield.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 17.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
