





461. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  PITSMAN, otherwise 
FITSMAN, otherwise 
HAWKIINS





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of April
, a set of double cotton valance, value 10s. a bed quilt, value 2s. a pair of sheets, value 15s. and a pair of pillow cases, value 1s. 6d. the property of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Howell
                     




                  , widow, in a lodging-room
            .
MARY HOWELL sworn. - I am a widow
, I live at Hackney


; the prisoner came to lodge with me on the 26th of April; I lodged in the one pair of stairs room furnished.
Q. How long did he lodge with you? - A. Not so much as two hours; he agreed to pay six shillings a week; he told me he belonged to the India-house, but I had not had an opportunity of enquiring; he came a little before eight o'clock and went out before ten; 
               
                  Sarah
                   Harriott
               



            , in a few minutes went up stairs, and missed the things, I went up with her and found the articles in the indictment gone; I was in the room when he came and all the things were their own.
Q. Are you sure nobody else had been up in the room after he took the lodgings? - A. I am very sure of it; I never found any of the things.
Q. When did you take him up? - A. I did not take him up, he was taken up for another offence.
SARAH HARRIOT sworn. - I live with Mrs. Howell as a friend, near the Cat-and-mutton, in Hackney-fields; the prisoner came about eight o'clock on the 26th of April, to take a lodging and went away a little before ten; I did not see him, but I heard him go out in a very few minutes afterwards; I went up stairs and found the things gone; I am sure nobody else had been up; I am positive sure the prisoner is the man.
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing of these two ladies, and I throw myself entirely upon your mercy.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 36.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
