





238. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     DUTTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of March
, two yards of gingham, value 3s. two yards of calico, value 3s. five yards of other calico, value 5s. a flannel waistcoat body, value 3s. a pair of breeches, value 7s. a yard and a half of Russia duck, value 1s. 6d. three yards of woollen cloth, value 9s. six yards of nankeen, value 4s. a shawl, value 6s. a yards of serge, value 2s. two yards of flannel, value 3s. two yards of linen cloth, value 2s. a piece of tape, value 6d. and an ounce of sewing silk, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edmund 
                           Briggs
                        



                     
                  ; and a pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 10s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Briggs
                        



.


                  EDMUND
                   BRIGGS
               



             sworn. - I lost the things stated in the indictment, and a great number of other articles: The prisoner lived servant
 with me, and I turned him away about six or seven weeks ago for idleness; the goods were afterwards brought to me, I was present when part of them were found, some of them in his sleeping-room, and some other part in the garret in his house.


                  JOHN
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn. - (Produces the property); I found most part of them in his sleeping-room, some from a chest of drawers, and some out of a chest that he had.
Briggs. This flannel waistcoat-body I can swear to, it was made for a gentleman, and returned to us again; I believe all the other things to be mine; these two pieces of cotton have had jackets cut out of them for gentlemen's servants.
Prisoner's defence. These two pieces of cotton were left with me by a young man that is gone to sea.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 35.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
