





180. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MOORE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of March
, a linen shirt, value 5s. and a pair of worsted stockings, value 2s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Danes
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   DANES
               



             sworn. - I live in Well-street, Oxford-road: I was going on board a ship along with captain Moore, and the prisoner, two years ago, and he told me to come at five o'clock in the morning, and he was gone; he had taken a shirt and a pair of stockings with him; I did not see him take them.
Q. Did you ever find a shirt and stockings upon him? - A. No. I met him last summer in Berner's-street, and he told me, if I called upon him in Castle-street, he would give them me.
Q. Did he carry them for you, or what? - A. I gave them to Mrs. Moore, and she said she had put them in captain Moore's box; I went to the house that he directed me to, when he said he would give them me; I went, and he did not live there; he said he was captain of the Satisfaction sloop of war, and I made enquiry, and found he never was on the books of the Admiralty; he told me I need nto bring more than one shirt and a pair of stockings, because he had bought me a set of check shirts.
Q. And you gave him this shirt and stockings to take on board for you? - A. Yes.

Q.Where did he say the ship lay, was it in the port of London? - A. I do not know.
Q. You say there was no such ship as the Satisfaction sloop of war? - A. Yes, but he never was on board her; and I never heard of him again till I took him. I met him last summer; and did not see him again till last Friday, when I saw him at Bow-street; he was taken up for something else.
Q. Have you any doubt about his person? - A. No; I am sure he is the same person that had the stockings and shirt of me.
Prisoner's defence. The prosecutor left the shirt and stockings with Mrs. Moore; I had been arrested for debt a few days before; and upon my being liberated; I did not return to my house at Hampstead, but went to sea, leaving the shirt and stockings in the hands of the landlady.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 50.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Court. Prisoner, you have been a very cunning man, I dare say, and I hope travelling will benefit your mind a little.
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Lord KENYON.
