





33. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ASHTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of Nov
. a five gallon copper can, value 25 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Barton
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Howell
                  



               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   STEVENS
               



             sworn.
On Wednesday the 21st of November, about four o'clock in the afternoon, we called at Mr. Sellon's brewhouse, in St. James's Walk, Clerkenwell Green


, for to get the key of a shut up house in Turnmill-street, in order to get empty casks from thence. I live with Messrs. Burton and Howell, distiller

s, No. 226, Upper Thames-street, the man that was with me was 
               
                  John
                   Pearsall
               



            ; Mr. Sellon gave us a ticket to go to his taphouse and have a pint of porter; we went and were in about five minutes; we had left a waggon at the door; a man says there is a man in the waggon, I directly saw the prisoner at the bar jump off the off wheel with a five gallon copper can in his hand, it belongs to Messrs. Burton and Howell, they have no other partners as I know of; I directly pursued him, when he found he was pursued, he let the can fall, I pursued him and took him; I never lost sight of him.
Prisoner. Did you see me come from the waggon with the can in my hand? - I did, I saw you take it out of the waggon,


                  JOHN
                   PEARSALL
               



             sworn.
I was in company with Stevens, at Mr. Sellon's brewhouse for some casks, he gave us a ticket to go to this house to get a pint of porter; we had a waggon in which there were two copper cans, both five gallon cans, I saw the prisoner on the wheel I saw him have the can, he jumped off the wheel, and ran across the road, my fellow servant catched hold of him, he said he was passing along the street, he knew nothing of the can; I see him drop it.


                  RICHARD
                   ARMITAGE
               



             sworn.
I was going along and I saw this man come with the can in his hand, when he got about the middle of the road he let it fall just on the pavement; I saw Stevens pick it up.


                  THOMAS
                   MILES
               



             sworn.
I was sent for as an officer to take charge of the prisoner and the can, it has been in my possession ever since.
Prisoner. I was coming along walking home to my lodgings, and the man came and catched hold of me; there was a man run by me at the same time.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
