





390. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WOODHOUSE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of October
, seventeen yards and three quarters of printed cotton, value 1 l. 10 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Gibson
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)



                  EDWARD
                   GIBSON
               



             sworn.
I am a linen draper
, at No. 149, Bishopsgate-without


; I lost seventeen yards and three quarters of printed cotton, but I did not miss it, till I was asked to see some linen at Mr. Franklin's, three doors from my house: I was in the shop serving a customer, when the prisoner came in.
Mr. Knowlys, Prisoner's Counsel. You knew this woman that you was serving? - Yes.
You knew where to find her? - Yes.
She is not here? - She is not.


                  THOMAS
                   COADISH
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner, I have frequently seen her in the shop before; the 13th of October, the prisoner came in, and bought a quarter of a yard of Irish, and paid for it, and went out; she did not return; I went after my master returned, and saw the prisoner, and the printed cotton, at Mr. Franklin's, a liquor shop, where the prisoner was detained; she was near the part of the counter where my master was serving some sheetings; the printed cotton lay at the end of the counter, near to the door, within half a yard of my master; she asked the price of some sheeting, of my master; what she bought was of 
               
                  George
                   Hops
               



            , he is here: she was as near to the cotton, as I am to my hat; I did not see her take it; I had not the least suspicion of her; I saw the cotton at Franklin's in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour: there is my hand writing on the end of it, the letters are, U. M. X. all of my hand writing; that article was upon the counter, when the prisoner entered the shop; I had been shewing it to a customer a few minutes before.


                  GEORGE
                   HOPS
               



             sworn.
I served the prisoner at the bar, with a quarter of a yard of Irish; I do not know any thing of the cotton, there was only one customer in the shop besides the prisoner.


                  JOHN
                   GADSDEN
               



             sworn.
I am a cheesemonger; on the 13th inst. the morning the property was lost, the prisoner came into my shop; I was present when she was searched; I followed her into a liquor shop, next door to me; his name is Franklin; I thought she had something improperly come by; she refused to let me search; a constable was sent for: I saw the property found in her apron, which was in one part tucked under her arm, the constable took it from her; I went to Mr. Gibson's, and told them of the robbery.


                  THOMAS
                   SACKWELL
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I took this printed cotton from the prisoner, it was in her apron. (Prosecutor deposes to the cotton.) I have not the least doubt about it: I had been taking stock; I know this is a capital offence.
I ask you Mr. Gibson, whether you do not know that the prisoner is indicted for a capital offence? - Yes, I do.
Jury to Prosecutor. Did that customer tell you, she had seen the linen taken out of the shop? - No she did not, and if she had, I believe she would have told me: the value of the goods is 30 s.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I leave it to my counsel.


                  MARGARET
                   ALBIN
               



             sworn.
The prisoner gets her living by mending gowns; she has three children.




               GUILTY, of stealing the goods, but not privily
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


