





399. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  CALCOTT
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of May
, one leather pocket-book, value 4d. and one bill of exchange for the payment of 26l. 15s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Newsom
                  




               
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Watson.


                  SAMUEL
                   JACKSON
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to Mr. Newsom, he lives in Russell-street, Bloomsbury; I was directed on the 24th of May last to go to the Seaman's Office, Royal Exchange, to receive a bill of 7l. 8s. 6d. I asked that lad (the prisoner) the way to the office, I met him close by the office, and he, under pretence of shewing me the way, went up stairs with me; I felt something at my pocket; I immediately turned round, and there he was, running down stairs; I missed my pocketbook, and I ran after him and called out, stop thief, several times, I pursued him as far as Lothbury, I never lost sight of him; there was a gentleman pursued also, and when he saw himself closely pursued, he threw the pocket-book behind him; I saw him throw it away, I picked it up, and the gentleman pursued him and caught him; the book contained several bills.
Q. Did it contain one for 26l. 15s. 6d.? - A. I believe it did (the bill produced); that is one of the bills, I am sure of it, the date is May 22, 1797, it is directed to Mr. 
               
                  Charles
                   Mills
               



            , jun. Grange, Bermondsey, (the book produced); this is the book.
Court. Q. What is the value of the pocketbook? - A. Four-pence, it is the property of Mr. Newsom.


                  GEORGE
                   PEPYS
               



             sworn. - I recollect being in Lothbury, on Wednesday the 24th of May; I heard the cry of stop thief; I turned about, and I saw a man drop a red pocket-book; the prisoner at the bar is the man; I have no doubt about the person, the young man had the pocket-book again, I called out stop thief, and he was secured.


                  JAMES
                   NEWSOM
               



             sworn. - 
               
                  Samuel
                   Jackson
               



             is my clerk, and this is my book.
Q. Do you happen to know whether your clerk had the care of that book on the 24th of May last? - A. I was out of town at the time; I know the book to be mine, it has never been out of my possession since.
Court. Q. Was it ever delivered to that young man, Jackson? - A. Every day.
Prisoner's defence. I have nothing to say, I leave it to the gentlemen, I have nobody here but my father.




               GUILTY of stealing the book
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
