






304. 
               
                  HARRIOTT 
                  DAVIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of February
, a satin cloak trimmed with fur, value 5 s. and two guineas and a half in money; the goods, chattels, and monies of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Billan
                     




                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  MARY
                   BILLAN
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of 
               
                  Joseph
                   Billan
               



            ; I know the prisoner, the first of my knowledge of her was the 10th of February I met her in St. Martin's-court, enquiring the way to St. James's-street; she accosted me with a very plausible and pitiful story; she said, she had been decoyed away by a gentleman from the boarding school, who had pawned her watch, and she wanted to find him; I gave her what directions I could, and gave her directions to come to me the next morning, to tell me the event of finding the gentleman; she came and said, she had not found him, and had not one halfpenny in her pocket; in consequence of which I employed her from Monday to Thursday, when I was asked out on business, and left her at work; when I returned at eleven o'clock at night she was gone, I saw the cloak about her the next day, when she was apprehended, it was a sattin cloak with a hole in the lining of it; I lost my money at the same time; the sattin cloak was not worth much; I had seen the money that morning, it was put in a cupboard against the mantle piece in a box; I cannot say the first time I saw her, but the last time I made my declaration against her was the 11th of March, I saw her then at Bow street, she had not the cloak on then because Mr. Delafontaine had it in his possession.


                  JOHN
                   DELAFONTAINE
               



             sworn.
I am an officer of Sir Sampson Wright's; this lady saw the cloak and told me it was her property; I took it off the prisoner's back. (Deposed to)
Prisoner. I bought the cloak of a young woman at gravesend that was going to sea and had no occasion for it; I did not know it was a stolen thing.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing the cloak only. (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
