







292. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SHARP
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIS
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HINDES
                  



               
            , were again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of February
, a live tame cock, value 2s. six live tame hens, value 12s. and four live tame ducks, value 7s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Sherborne
               




            .
WILLIAM SHERBORNE sworn. - I live at Bedfont


; I am a farmer
: I lost four ducks, six hens, and a cock, on Sunday night, the 25th of February, I had seen them about five o'clock in the afternoon; and the next morning, they were gone. My fowls were afterwards found upon Sharp.
- HASTINGS sworn. - I saw 
               
                  Richard
                   Foot
               



             pull the baskets out of the river at Bedfont, on Monday evening, -
Q. Is he here? - A. No. He carried them to the Duke's head, and Mr. Sherborne owned some of them, both fowls and ducks.
Q.(To Sherborne). Were any, and which of those fowls and ducks were your's? - A I think they were; the ducks were nearly all white, there was hardly a speck about them.
Q. Was there any speck? - A. No.
Q. Was there any thing particular about the fowls? - A. One was a remarkable fine speckled cock, and I believe it to be mine; and there was a bantom hen, it was as much like mine as one fowl could be like another.


                  JOHN
                   NEALE
               



             sworn. - I was in Bedfont at the time this alarm was given, on Sunday, the 25th of February, about five o'clock in the afternoon, by 
               
                  George
                   Appleton
               



            ; he said, he saw a man take the fowls out of the hedge, and I saw Sharp run along the river bank with two baskets on his shoulder, and throw them into the river off his left shoulder; and I followed him till he was taken. Afterwards, I saw the baskets taken out of the river; I am sure they were the same baskets that he had upon his shoulder.
Q.Did you see any thing of Davis or Hindes? - A. I overtook Davis in the Ashstead road, and I afterwards saw Hindes and Davis in Bedfont, on Sunday morning, about nine o'clock.
GEORGE APPLETON sworn. - I saw these three men on Sunday evening, with two donkeys, going from Bedfont towards Stanwell; they had two hampers upon one ass, and two baskets upon the other; I did not take any notice of them then; and, on Monday evening, about five o'clock, I saw Davis and Hindes coming from towards Staines, with one ass; and, in about ten minutes, or a quarter of an hour, Sharp came up with the other ass; then I saw them come up the Shot to Mr. Spurnell's Stoney-close, and I saw them take the fowls over the hedge, and put them into a basket; and then I went and gave the alarm. When I came back, I saw Sharp upon the river bank, with he basket upon his shoulder, then he took some fowls out of the basket, and threw them into the river, I cannot say, how many; I did not see them taken out afterwards.
Q. Was Foote with you at the time the fowls were thrown into the water? - A. No.
Q. Was Hastings there? - A. No; I do not know who was there; I pursued the man, and took him.
Sharp's defence. I found them in the hedge.
Davis's defence. Going through the hedge, we saw them in the grass.
Hindes's defence. I was not there, I was in the road along with the asses.
All three 

               GUILTY
            .






               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice BULLER.
