





43. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MILLER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of November
, one wooden firkin, value 4 d. and 56 lb. of salted butter, value 35 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Butler
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   NEWMAN
               



             sworn.
I am constable of the ward of Cripplegate within. On Saturday, November the 12th, Mr. Jacobs and I crossing the bottom of Long-lane, we saw the prisoner and three others looking into the cart; Jacobs and I watched them two minutes; the boy drove the cart up Long-lane, and the prisoner and others followed, and jumped up to see what was in it; they stood still a bit, then followed the cart; opposite to Jewin-street


 I saw the prisoner put the firkin on his shoulder, and go up Jewin-street; I went up to him, and he threw the butter down, and ran about twenty yards; he ran into another man's arms, and I came up to him.
LAZARUS JACOBS sworn.
I am a constable; I was in company with Newman the 12th of November, between seven and eight in the evening. (Corroborates the testimony of the last witness.)
You deal in old iron, and are a Jew? - I am; have been in that way a year and half.

JOHN NEWMAN sworn.
I received this tub (produces it) of 
               
                  James
                   Newman
               



            , and have kept it ever since.


                  JOSEPH
                   PITTARD
               



             sworn.
I drove the cart; I know the tub, it has my master's mark; I missed it in Fore-street.


                  JOSEPH
                   BUTLER
               



             sworn.
I live in Wapping: this tub is mine; it is marked No. 34, I.B.
Pittard. I had no other butter than my master's in the cart.
Prisoner. I am innocent of what I am here for, and have witnesses to my character.
(The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.)



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.




[Transportation. See summary.]


