





137. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of February
, a wooden chest, value 1s. and eighty-six pounds weight of tea, value 20l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Gilbert
                  



               
             and 
               
                  James 
                  Clemitson
               



            .(The case was opened by Mr. Gurney.)


                  SAMUEL
                   CHURCHYARD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are carman to Messrs. William Gilbert and James Clemitson? - A. Yes; On the 6th of this month I took out a chest of tea and a paper parcel in our cart, to the Catherine-wheel-Inn, in Bishopsgate-street


; I went up the Catherine-wheel yard with the paper parcel and my book; I left the chest of tea in the cart, I might he gone about a minute and a half or two minutes at the longest; when I came back, the chest of tea was gone; in consequence of some enquiry that I made, I ran up towards New-street.
Q. Did you see any person with a chest of tea that way? - A. No, I returned, and Samuel Mercer pointed out to me the chest of tea being put into a coach the other side of the way; I went over along with him, and the coach door was then shut; the prisoner at the bar was then standing by the coach door, I did not see any other man with him; he was going off, and I ran after him and caught him.
Court. Q. Did you at that time observe the chest of tea? - A. No, I did not then, I caught him in about ten yards, and brought him back to the coach.
Mr. Gurney. Q. Did you then open the coach door? - A. It might be ten minutes or a quarter of an hour after.
Q. Did you stay by the coach the whole time after you had caught him, till you saw the chest of tea? - A. No, I did not; I afterwards saw the chest in the coach, (the chest of tea produced); it is directed, S. Godfrey, Gedney; it was to go by the Lincoln waggon; it is the same chest that I had left in my cart; the prisoner said, what do you lay hold of me for; I told him he was the man that had got my chest of tea; he said, no, he only assisted in helping it into the coach.
Jury. Q. What were you doing between the time that you had caught the prisoner, and the time you saw the chest of tea? - A. I was holding him till the constable came, and then I put him into the coach with the constable and the tea, and they went away in the coach together; I went after my horse and cart.


                  SAMUEL
                   MERCER
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Knight, cheesemonger: On Ash Wednesday, the 6th of February, coming down Bishopsgate-street, I saw a cart standing at the corner of the Catherine-wheel gateway; there was a man in a blue coat, not the prisoner, taking out the chest, it appeared to be a chest of tea; 
               
                  Thomas
                   Davis
               



            , the prisoner at the bar, stood in the King's highway, and called for a coach; the coachman shook his head.
Court. Q. Was the prisoner in such a situation, as to be able to see the man take it out of the cart? - A. Yes; the coachman shook his head, and would not come to him; upon that 
               
                  Thomas
                   Davis
               



             ran to the corner of Sun-street, and there he got a coach, that was about one hundred yards off, or it might be not quite so much; the other man stood under Half-moon-alley with the chest of tea till Davis brought the coach; he stood before it because people should not see it; when the coach came, the prisoner put it into the coach, and the other assisted him; then they shut the door, and the coach was just going to drive off; I saw the witness Churchyard running, and I directed him to the coach; I spoke rather too loud, and the other man made off, but I directly said, take hold of him, for I am sure he was one of them, and I immediately, laid my hand upon the prisoner; the carman held him while I fetched a constable; I am sure the prisoner is the same man.
SAMUEL YATES sworn. - I am a constable; Iwas sent for to take the prisoner into custody; I put him into the coach where the chest of tea was, and took them both to the Mansion-house; the chest of tea has been in my custody ever since, it has my seal upon it.


                  JAMES
                   CLEMITSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Mr. William Gilbert and I are partners; this is my chest of tea, the same that I sent out by my carman on that day.
Q. What is the value of it? - A. Upwards of twenty pounds.
Prisoner's defence. As I was coming along Bishopsgate-street, a man that had this chest of tea asked me to call a coach for him, and I did, and when he got into the coach, I shut the door to; he gave me the value of a pint of porter, and that man came and took hold of me.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
