





422. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of September
, a purse, value 3d. a half-guinea, a shilling, and a sixpence
            , the monies of 
               
                  Augustus 
                  Roni
               




            .


                  THOMAS
                   LAWRENCE
               



             sworn. - On Friday the 6th of this month, about nine o'clock, I was going round Smithfield


, there was a great bustle about the Grey-hound door or the King's-head, I am not certain which; the prosecutor saw me, and pointed out the prisoner to me; I took him into the house and searched him; I found upon him these two pocket-books, or purses; the prosecutor then claimed this property in the presence of the prisoner; when I opened it, there was nothing at all in it, but just as it is now; I searched him again, and in his breeches-pocket I found a half-guinea, five shillings and sixpence in silver, and three halfpence; the prosecutor gave me a strict charge of him as the man that had robbed him, and I took him to the Compter.
AUGUSTUS RONI sworn. - I am the son of a merchant: On Friday, the last day of the fair, I was walking with a friend in the fair, and in a little time we happened to be in a very great croud; I perceived that the man at the bar was facing me, and squeezing me very hard in the croud.
Q. What countryman are you? - A. A Frenchman; I felt at the same instant a very great rubbing against my waistcoat, which made me, as soon as I came out of the croud, put my hand directly in my pocket, and I perceived that it had been picked, and I immediately told my friend of it; I met with some constables, related how it was, and begged of them to watch the man; I saw Lawrence take the man up, I pointed him out; and then we all went into a public-house, my friend, myself, the constable, and the prisoner; I then said to the constable, if this is the man that has robbed me, you will find a little red purse, containing a half-guinea, a shilling, and a sixpence, the prisoner was present; Lawrence then searched him, and found in his pocket a leather purse, and opened it directly, but no money was found in it; then he searched in another pocket and found some money; among the money was half-a-guinea, a shilling, and a sixpence, and there were two or three shillings besides.
Q. Is there any particular mark about the half-guinea, or the shilling, or the sixpence, by which you can particularly speak to it? - A.Not any; the purse I am as positive of as I am that I now stand here, but there being no particular mark to it I cannot swear to it; at the same time, I have every reason to believe, and have not the smallest doubt in my own mind, that it is mine.
Q. Are you sure that the prisoner is the same man that pressed you so much? - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. How long have you been in this country? - A.This voyage, three months.
Q.How many times have you have been in England. - A. Only twice.
Q. During the time you have been in England, you have seen purses of the same sort? - A. I have, in the shops.
Q. Therefore, there is no mark at all upon this purse by which you are able to identify it? - A. No.
Q. The money was not found in the purse? - A. No.
Q. And none of the money had any mark by which you could speak to it? - A. No.
Q. The man that squeezed you was parted from you for five minutes? - A. Yes.
Q. Then it is possible that, in the course of that five minutes, any body might have given him that purse? - A. It is possible.
Court. Q. Where did you carry your purse? - A.In my waistcoat-pocket.


                  JAMES
                   LANE
               



             sworn. - I am clerk in a mercantile house: I was in the fair with Mr. Roni, he told me he had been robbed; and in about five minutes after my friend said to me, that is the man that robbed me; we watched the prisoner several times afterwards to see his actions, for a few minutes we separated for that purpose; he was walking backwards and forwards till we saw Lawrence, and then he was taken; there was a leather case found upon him, and as soon as it was produced my friend said it was his case; then he was taken to another house, where the City Marshals were sitting.
Q.(To Lawrence.) Where was it you found the money? - A. In the breeches-pocket; I cannot recollect whether the purse was taken from thebreeches or the waistcoat-pocket, I rather think it was the waistcoat-pocket.
Court. (To Roni.) You have sworn to the person of the prisoner; was it pretty light? - A. Yes; I know him by his size, his face, and his clothes; I am sure the prisoner is the man that squeezed me.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 45)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
