





625. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NORTH
                  



               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of September
, three pints of white turnip-radish seed, value 1s. two ounces of red cabbage sead, value 6d. four ounces of brocoli seed, value 2s. an ounce of cauliflower seed, value 1s. eight ounces of parship seed, value 3d. a pint of corn-sallad seed, value 3d. an ounce of said seed, value 2d. and eight ounces of carrot seed, value 3d.
             the property of 
               
Messrs
. Wrench
               



            .
The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.


                  JOHN
                   WATSON
               



             ROHERTSON sworn. - The prisoner was in the service of Messrs. Wrench.
Q. Look at that letter and bill of parcels, whose hand-writing are they? - A. The prisoner's; I put the bill of parcels within side a parcel, and he came and took it from me. I gave it to him for Lee.
Q.Who was that Lee? - A.
               
                  Thomas
                   Griffith
               



            , an apprentice of Mr. Wrench's; that bill of parcels has my hand-writing upon it.
Q. Where did you get that parcel from in which you included that bill of parcels? - A.Elizabeth Tolley brought it to me from North, and some lines with it, certifying that it did come from him.
The letter read, dated Oct. 4, 1797.
"Dear Robertson,"It rather surprised you, no doubt, last night,"my sending you a parcel after writing as I did,"believe me an opportunity served which I made"use of in favour of 
               
                  T.
                   G. 
               



            The articles sent are"very good, and one or two new ones; and I"think they will do as well as new ones almost;"he very much wants them; he writes me he can"have some new articles at another time, then"these will do to mix with them. I have another"thing or two to send him; I will endeavour to"let you have them by Friday, if possible. Inclose"him this bill, then he will see how to sell them;"they will be all free-cost to him. I am forty my"writing was so had last night that you could not"read it, it wa only to ask you to receive the"parcel, the woman seemed to know nothing"about it; I have just told her you had just bought"it and paid for it; but it was of no consequence,"as I turned it off. Hope you sent the measures"off yesterday.
"Your's sincerely.
"J. NORTH."
"Hope you let no one see my letters but your"self; the hill inclosed is entirely for a blind, in"case ever any thing should happen, which you"know we cannot be too cautious in what we say"or do, as time is so precarion, we are obliged to"look before we leap. 
               
                  T.
                   G. 
               



            has all he wrote"for, except beet, celery, and charbon, those I"am sure he cannot want these two months, flower"seed not these three months, and told flower seed"will not grow, so it is of no use to send them.
"J. N.
"Some part of this wrote in the cellar-Wed"nesday morning, ten o'clock. I shall write"
               
                  Thos.
               


             G. in the course of the week; if you have"any thing to say send it to me."(The bill of parcels read.)


                  ELIZABETH
                   TOLLEY
               



             sworn. - I carry out parcels for Messrs. Wrench. The prisoner sent me with a paper parcel to the last witness; it was on a Tuesday night, the week before North was taken, he was taken the Saturday following.
Mr. Knapp. Q. You know nothing about it, but that it was a paper parcel? - A.Nothing more.


                  CHARLES
                   RUTT
               



             sworn. - I am a grocer. The prisoner brought me a parcel on Friday morning, October 6, to go to Mr. George Lee, at Hertford, I sent a bill of parcels with the goods that I sent at the same time.
Q. Do you know where he lived? - A. No.
Mr. Knapp. Q. You supposed that he lived at Hertford? - A. I recollect now it was at Ware, near the Spread Eagle.


                  RICHARD
                   HAZARD
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I searched the house of George Lee, at Ware; his real name is 
               
                  Thomas
                   Griffiths
               



            .
Q. Look at that letter, and tell me if you found that? - A. I found this at Robertson's house.
Q. Look at those other two papers? - A.These were enclosed in the parcels at Lee's house. (Produces the parcel.)(Mr. Wrench proved the hand-writing of the prisoner upon the parcels).
Mr. wrench. Every article corresponds with the bill of parcels.(The two letters read that were read upon the former trial). 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first London Jury, before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
