





511. 
               
                  
                     CATHARINE 
                     FOSTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of October
, six silver tea spoons, value 14s. a cotton gown, value 5s. a muslin apron, value 2s. a linen apron, value 1s. a linen handkerchief, value 6d. three muslin handkerchiefs, value 18d. and a pair of cotton stockings, value 18d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Faysaux
                  




               
            .


                  MARGARET
                   FAYSAUX
               



             sworn.
Q. You are the wife of the prosecutor? - Yes.
Q. What is your husband? - A gentleman's servant
; the prisoner lodged in my house, the garret, she stole the property out of my own room.
Q. When did you see them last, before they were stole? - The same morning.
Q. When did you miss them? - The same day, Monday, the 12th of this month; I found them on her, the duplicates were in her pocket, and some of the wearing apparel she had on.
Q. Had she left your lodgings? - Yes, the same day; she was taken up in the Park.


                  THOMAS
                   HYNDES
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker.
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - I believe it is the same, I cannot positively swear; a young woman came to our house to pawn an apron.
Q. Who produced the things that were found on her? - Moore, the constable.
MOORE sworn.
On the 13th I was sent for to Mrs. Faysaux's house; when I came there the prisoner was there, I found the duplicates on her, there was the key of her room found on her, which belonged to her lodgings; I found a handkerchief on her which is here; we went to her lodgings, and found a gown and two other handkerchiefs, a muslin apron, one cloth apron, a pair of cotton stockings, and six silver tea spoons; I have had them in my possession ever since.(The things deposed to.)
Q. Did you find the spoons on her? - I found the duplicate, and found that it was at the pawnbroker's, and Mrs. Faysaux found them.
BROWN sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, I took in the spoons of the prisoner.

Q. You are sure of that? - Yes, I am.
Prisoner. It was distress that drove me to it, for the prosecutrix keeps a bad house.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 15.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
