





447. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     HILL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of March
, two linen sheets, value 9s. a cotton counterpane, value 10s. a cotton jacket, value 12d. and a linen cloth, value 2d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Matilda 
                     Belgrave
                  




               
            .


                  MATILDA
                   BELGRAVE
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 32, Peter-street, Soho


; I was robbed on Saturday, the 9th of March, the prisoner was my servant
, she had been with me three days; I met her in the street first of all, and took her out of charity; she met me frequently in the street, and asked me, if I had any thing to do for her; at last, I told her, I had a little washing to do. On the 6th of March, when I employed her, she came at seven in the morning, and washed the things; I told her, if she was out of employ, it would be much better to have a servitude; I agreed to give her two shillings a week; on the 9th of March, I went to market, and left her in the house; I was gone about three quarters of an hour; I came home, and found my door locked; I then went down to the people in the shop; I lodge in the one-pair of stairs; after making enquiries, I went up stairs, and saw the glitter of a key in a little slit upon the second-floor stairs; I then opened the door and went in; I had occasion to go into the bed-room, and missed all the things mentioned in the indictment, and others which are not found; I found my property at the pawnbroker's, his name is Hewitt, the corner of Queen-street, about seven weeks ago; the pawnbroker has them.
Q. When was the prisoner taken up? - A. At the time that I was told that my things were at Mr. Hewitt's, about two months after the robbery; I was yesterday obliged to take up the evidence, and had her bound over at Bow-street, because the prisoner had threatened her life; her name is Mary Simpson.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Where do you lodge? - A. No. 32, Peter-street, Soho, I have lived there two years.
Q. How many servants have you taken in that time? - A. I never employ a servant, only I took this one out of mere charity.
Q. She was the first servant you ever had? - A. No; I have had servants before.
Q. How many? - A. I cannot tell.
Q. More than three or four, or five or six? - A. In all probability I might.
Q. How lately had you seen those things before? - A. I do not understand that word.
Q. How lately had you seen the things that you have stated yourself to have lost? - A. I don't understand what it means.
Q. How lately had you seen the counterpane and other things? - A. At Bow-street.
Q. How lately before you had seen them at Bow-street? - Not after I had lost them.
Q. How lately before that? - A. The very night the prisoner was ironing the things, when I went out.
Q. How many persons lodge in the same house with you? - A.Nobody but myself.
Q. What time of the day was it that you went to market? - A. Between seven and eight in the evening.
Q. Did you lock your door? - A. No; I left the prisoner in care of the house.
Q. Were you on terms of intimacy and visited the other persons in the house? - A. No; only saying, how do you do, not intimate by any means.
Q. You never saw the things for seven weeks afterwards? - A. No, till they were brought to Bow-street.
Q. It now and then happens that persons get into distressed circumstances; have you never pawned these things? - A. Upon my oath I did not.
Q. Did you not pawn any thing during these seven weeks? - A. I did not pawn any one single article.
Q. Are you in any business yourself? - A. Yes; I officiate in making these little straw-bonnets.
Q. That is your mode of livelihood? - A. Yes.
Q. And the only mode of livelihood? - A. Yes.
Q. And you have never pawned any single article either by yourself, or directing any other person? - A. No; I have not.
Q. That you are certain of? - A. Yes.


                  HENRY
                   HARDY
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, servant to Mr. Hewitt, in Greek-street, Soho; I took in a counterpane, a pair of sheets, a cotton bed-gown, and a napkin, from the prisoner, on the 9th of March; it was late in the evening on Saturday night.
Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before? - A. I had.
Q. In what name were they pawned? - A. Ann Hill, for 
               
                  Jane
                   Carley
               



            .
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Do you know Matilda, the prosecutrix? - A. No; I do not.
Q. You knew Ann Hill before? - A. She was in the habit of coming backwards and forwards.
Q. She pawned these things in the name of Jane Carley? - A. Yes; she laid it was a mistress of her's.
Q. You did not understand her to pawn themfor herself? - A. No; she pledged them for her mistress.
Q. How long have you known Ann Hill? - A. It may be about fourteen or fifteen months.
Q. Had she ever pawned other things in the same name and for the same person? - A. Yes; for Mrs. Carley.
Prisoner's defence. She sent me with these things to pawn, and desired me not to pawn them in her name, but in the name of a mistress I had formerly lived with, for fear the man that she lived with should find it out.
Q.(To 
               
                  Matilda
                   Belgrave
               



            .) Upon the oath that you have taken, is there any truth in what she has said? - A. No, none.
Q. Did you give her these things to pawn, and desire her not to pawn them in your name? - A. No, it is as false as God is true; Mrs. Carley is a bawdyhouse-keeper; the property is mine, the sheets are marked C. B. they were made me a present of by 
               
                  Christopher
                   Buckleto
               



            .



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
