





88. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CORDELLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 26th of December
, eight pounds weight of cochineal, value 4l.
             the goods of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Hanson
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Pearson
               



            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Stiles
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Pearson
               



            .


                  WILLIAM
                   PEARSON
               



             sworn.
We are warehouse-keepers



. My partners are Edward Hanson, 
               
                  John
                   Pearson
               



            , and Thomas Stiles. On the 26th of December, Thursday, the day after Christmas-day, we lost the property from the warehouse; the prisoner had worked with us about two months; he was a daily servant
, he was not employed that morning, he had worked for two months before that day; he came to the counting-house about eleven o'clock in the morning, I asked him, if that was the first of his appearance on that day? he said, it was, he had just come down. I asked him, if he was come to work; he said, if we wanted him, he would work. I told him, we had men sufficient, we did not want him; and then I asked him, what his business was, what he wanted there? he said, he would be obliged to me for the keys of the warehouse, No. 22. I asked him, what he wanted? he said, that he wanted his waistcoat, that he had left the over-night,(the day before Christmas day) he wanted to send it into the country with some other of his things to wash; I told him to get the key, and get his waistcoat. I was busy with some gentlemen in the counting-house at that moment. I had thoughts of going after him, but the postman came, and hindered me; within five minutes, while I was paying the postman for some letters, he came back with the keys in his hand. I asked him, if he had got his waistcoat? he said, no, he could not find it; at the moment, as I was standing at the door way of the counting-house, he twisted by me to hang up the keys; and I observed his great coat pockets very heavy, and I says to him, what is that you have got in your pockets? he said, it was coffee that was his own, that another man had swept up the floor the preceding day, and that, he said, he did not want, and he said, he might take it; I made answer, that it was a shame any man should go out of the yard in his situation, for his great coat pockets were so apparently heavy both of them; while I was speaking this to him, he was going out of the yard as fast as he could; I called to him and told him, I wanted to speak to him; he said, he was coming presently, but still hastened out of the yard as fast as he could; I told him, I must see him then, but still he hastened out of the yard as fast as he could; then I ran after him, and caught him in Hand Court,about two hundred yards from the counting-house, as soon as I laid hold of him, he begged I would not make a piece of work, there was nothing on him that would hurt me. I told him, whatever he, had, I would insist to see it. When he got under the gate-way, he confessed, that he had property that was not his own.
Q. Before this, had you told him, it would be better for him to confess? - I only insisted on seeing what was in his pockets. I led him down by his collar. The first word he said, was, that he had done what he ought not to have done; then he confessed, that he had property that was not his own on him. When I got him to the counting-house, I took him up stairs, Mr. Stiles was there present; we asked him, what he had got? he said, he had got cochineal; we asked him, where he got it? he said out of the warehouse, (22) and then he begged for mercy on his knees.
Q. What might be the value of this cochineal? - Four pounds; the cochineal is in court, there is upwards of eight pounds of it.
Q. Did you go to this warehouse to see if any were missing? - As soon as we had taken him into custody, we went to this warehouse, and there we found a bag of cochineal torn, and a great deal laying on the floor; I suppose, ten or fourteen pounds.
Q. From the hole that was torn, could he have taken that quantity, that he had about him? - Certainly. The whole would have run out, if it had not been for other bags that were by it, that it ran between. He was taken before a magistrate, and committed.
Q. Did he say any thing else? - He intimated, that he did it by the advice of another person; whether it may be proper to mention that, I don't know.
Q. What business was he in your house? - He was a labourer, he had frequently been employed in coopering.
Mr. Knapp. I take it for granted, till this time, you had a good opinion of this young man, or else you would not have employed him? - Why, we took him without a character.
Q. When you had seen him, and given him the keys, he returned back in about five minutes? - I think it was so.
Q. He brought the keys back to the very house where you was? - He did, and hung them up close to me.
Q. Not a very natural thing for a man to do, that had been committing felony? now about this confession, finding yourself robbed, and suspecting the prisoner had been the person, you was a little displeased with him, will you be kind enough to tell the court whether you did not say to him something like this, I know you have robbed me, tell me the truth? - I did not conceive he had robbed me till I saw his pockets so full, the words I used were, I insisted upon seeing what was in his pockets.
Q. Did not you tell him it would be better for him for to let you see what was in his pockets? - I did not, I had a great opinion of the young man we had intimations that he was not trust worthy, I had suspicions when I gave him the keys, and I meant to be after him.
Q. When he came back you took him up, and he downed on his knees and prayed for mercy? - He did.
Q. What answer did you make him? - I told him the circumstance he had been guilty of could not plead much for mercy.
Q. Then it was after that, that he pulled out of his pocket a bag of cochineal? - No, it was not, he said, this I have done by the advice of another, or to oblige another.
Q. How many bags of cochineal might you have in this warehouse? - Probably between twenty and thirty.

Q. How long before had you been in the warehouse, No. 22,? - The eve before Christmas day we had been there.
Q. When had you yourself been in that warehouse? - It is a particular warehouse, we are in it two or three times, a day I might not have been in the warehouse myself for two or three days.
Q. I am sure that you don't mean to equivocate, you tell us that you might not have been in the warehouse for two or three days, before you said you were in it on Christmas eve? - When I say this I mean to include myself, partners, and some of the leading men in the warehouse.
Q. Do you always keep the keys of the warehouse yourself? - They are always in the counting house, in an iron chest.
Q. Can you take on yourself to say how many persons might have gone into the warehouse when you might not have gone in yourself for two or three days? - I cannot.
Q. If you might not have been in for two or three days, then for these two or three days you could not be acquainted with the state of the cochineal? - I was not.


                  Q. 
               


            Then if any other person had been in this warehouse in the two or three days that you was not there, you could not have known any thing about it? - I could not.
Q. Will you take upon yourself to say that the cochineal in your warehouse was distinguishable from what is in other warehouses? do you mean to swear to that cochineal being your property from any mark that you have? - I certainly will swear to the cochineal being our property.
Court. Was there any other bag open besides this one? - No, none other.
Q. When you was there last was there any bag open? - No, not to my knowledge.


                  WILLIAM
                   JENKINS
               



             sworn.
I am a clerk to the bull porters. I know the prisoner at the bar was apprehended and taken with the cochineal that is now in court, on him; I see him taken into the counting house, that was the first time I heard of it, the counting house was locked when he was in, but I listened at the door, and I heard the prisoner say, don't hurt me, Mr. Pearson said I will not hurt you; after that I see about eight pounds of cochineal taken from him, he said that he had taken it out of the warehouse, No. 22. The cochineal was put in a paper bag, and the seam sewed up, I believe I took possession of it, I put it under lock and key, which key I have always had.
Mr. Knapp. What are you? - I am clerk to the bull porters.
Q. You was present when the cochineal was found? - I was all the time.
Q. Did not you hear your master say it would be better for him to confess? - No, nor no other like it.
Q. Sir, I did not mean to offend you? - Nor I you.


                  JOHN
                   WAINWRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I am a constable of Dowgate ward; I was sent for to take care of this man, I saw cochineal taken out of his pocket.
Court to Jenkins. Why were there two parcels? - This that Wainwright speaks of was taken from his body at the Mansion House.
Wainwright. I did not see the parcel taken from his pocket, but this other parcel I took from him myself, I emptied the other pocket in the Mansion-house.
Q. I ask you whether that parcel that is sealed up is the parcel that was taken from him in the counting house? - It is.
Q. Who brought that to the Lord Mayor? - Mr. Pearson; when I tookhim to the Mansion House I stroked him down, and in his great coat pocket I found something heavy in his pocket; I asked him what he had got there? he rather objected to my seeing, but I examined him, and I found his coat pockets pretty near full of cochineal.
Q. What was done with that second parcel? - That was sealed up, and given into Mr. Hanson's counting house, to Mr. Jennings.
Court to Pearson. Is that the same sort of cochineal that was in the bag? - I have a sample here from the bag, and from the best of my judgment it is the same.
Mr. Knapp. Perhaps as you are a warehouse-keeper you may have other commodities in that warehouse? - We have gums, saffron, and a great many different articles.


                  Q. 
               


            Supposing this had been an indictment for stealing saffron, or any other article in your warehouse by having taken out some to have compared, would you have been able to swear to the identical commodity that belonged to you? - There is certainly a difference in almost all articles, but with respect to saffron I am not a judge.


                  Q. 
               


            Whether there might not be produced from other warehouses samples the same you now produce to the jury? - I cannot say that such, samples could not be produced from other warehouses, but from the concurring circumstances I have no doubt.
Prisoner. I was so far advanced in a state of intoxication that it is impossible for me to charge my memory with what I did, Mr. Pearson knows that there were several bags in that warehouse for two or three days before, opened, and I had orders to mend them, but for want of a needle I did not, and my fellow servant, Benjamin Wood, if he was here he would certify the same.
Court to Prosecutor. Was he drunk at the time that you took him? - By no means he was not.
Court to Wainwright. Was the man drunk? - I cannot say he was drunk, he did seem as if he had had a little, he asked for some brandy at the Mansion House, and I told him he had better not have any more.
Court to Jenkins. Did this man appear drunk? - He appeared to have been drinking, but he knew what he was about as well as I.
Court to Pearson. Had you given him any orders to mend the bags? - I don't recollect I did.
Q. Were there any bags torn in this way, so as to have any out? -  They are guarded by the thread, and frequently the string that is at the corner will be loosed; there was one bag that we could get two fingers in, and we weighed the bag, and there was none missing, it was perfectly weight.
Mr. Knapp. I should think if there was a hole of two inches at the bottom of a bag it would admit of a large quantity of this small sort of grain to run out? - It cannot, except the commodity laid above the hole.
Q. Perhaps it did? - It did not.
The prisoner called six witnesses who gave him an excellent character.



GUILTY. (Aged 24.)
Recommended to mercy.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
