





16. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of November
, forty-nine pounds of grain tin, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Swabey
                  




               
            .


                  STEPHEN
                   SWABEY
               



             sworn.
The prisoner was my mother's servant
; on the 20th of November, 
               
                  William
                   Black
               



             came to me, and informed me he had apprehended a man with a quantity of this tin about him, which he not giving a satisfactory account of, they detained him; he was asked what he was going to do with it; hesaid he worked for Mr. Swabey, of Vauxhall, and that his master had ordered him to take it to a Mr. Howard, a coachmaker, in Long-acre; the prisoner was a labourer in the manufactory; one branch of his business was to boil tin and lead together, which he had been employed in on Tuesday night: on the information, I went to look at the ashes which the prisoner had to burn; on looking at them, I found them deficient in quality, and discovered they wanted the due proportion of tin; we ascertain the quality by the colour of the ashes; I went to Mr. Addington, in Bow-street; I was there during the prisoner's examination; he confessed he had taken it various times, and sold it to Mr. Allen; he was not promised any favour.


                  WILLIAM
                   BLACK
               



             sworn.
I am a patrol, under the direction of Sir Sampson Wright; I stopped the prisoner at the bar with this tin on his shoulder; I asked him what it was; he said, tin; he worked for Mr. Swabey, near Vauxhall, and was going to take it to Mr. Howard, in Long-acre; I took it off, and examined it; I said he might be right, but I would go with him to Mr. Howard; I left him at a public-house, and went to a coachmaker, who said coachmakers did not use it; I took him then to the office, and he was committed; there was no such person as Howard to be found.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My Lord, as I was coming home, last Lord-Mayor's day, I stepped upon this tin, in return home; I took it next day and sold as much as came to half-a-crown: my wife was taken in labour, and said, you may as well go and sell the remainder of this tin: I was going to Charing-cross, and the patroles stopped me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
