





53. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MURRELL
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of November
, a silver table spoon, value 10s. two silver tea spoons, value 5s. a half-crown, three shillings, and a sixpence, and one hundred and twenty halfpence
            .


                     GEORGE 
                     MEDHURST
                  




               
             sworn. - On the 21st of November, I was sitting, about a quarter before six, at my own house, drinking tea, I am a pastry-cook and confectioner
, in St. Martin's in the fields


; I was alarmed by my sister, who lives with me, that a man had come into the shop, and taken out the till; I went into the shop, and she said, the man was gone across the road; I immediately ran across the street, up St. Martin's-lane, and up New-street, Covent-Garden, and at the top of Bedford-bury, I saw the prisoner coming up with two men, with the till under his arm, with an apron cast slightly over the till, he had not cast it over the back part of the till, I saw it under his arm, I jumped across the road, and collared him, and as I collared him, he jumped forward, and I holloaed stop thief, by his jumping forward, he kicked the till out in the road, but I never let go of him till he threw away the till, and, after some tussling, I got him back to the till, I got some person to pick up the money, I picked up the spoons myself, as I had him in my hand; I never left him till I brought him home to my house, and charged the constable with him,(produces the spoons;) they are my spoons, I know them by the crest, they were in the till.
Q. Did the person that were with him, assist him at all? - A. No; but when I laid hold of him, he said to the others, I think, with an oath, why don't you fetch him down, they were youngish men, but I did not take particular notice of them.
ANNA-
               
                  MARIA
                   MEDHURST
               



             sworn. - I live with my brother.
Q. Do you remember the prisoner coming to your house at any time? - A. I cannot remember his face; on the 21st of November, I was in my brother's shop, I heard a noise, I was drinking my tea, I turned round and saw a man go out.
Q. Could you at all see the size of the man that went out? - A. No; I immediately rang the bell, I saw him cross the road, and my brother and sister came down; I told him the till was gone, and my brother went after him; I did not know what was in the till, I know these to be my brother's spoons.
Prisoner's defence. I was going home to my lodgings up Bedford-bury, and this gentleman collared me, and said, I had dropped his till; I did not know any thing at all of the till, I never saw the till, I had nobody at all with me, I was going about my business; I am an American, my friends are 3500 miles from here.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 17.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
