





103. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DICKENSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of December
, eight flannel waistcoats faced with sattin, value 30 s. eight linen handkerchiefs, value 10 s. thirteen cotton handkerchiefs, value 13 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  JOHN
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I was not present at the robbery.


                  BENJAMIN
                   FOREMAN
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to Mr. Jones; his foreman, he lives at No. 3, Jerusalem-passage Clerkenwell


; about three o'clock in the afternoon on Thursday last the 13th of December, the prisoner at the bar came to buy a pair of breeches, and he tried two pair, neither of them fitted him, he went away and was sorry he gave me so much trouble; a little before four he came again the second time, and he said he went to the other shop, and could not suit himself, and he said he must have a pair of ours, on which I turned round to the window to reach him some breeches that hung on the rail at the window; I pulled down three or four pair, he said he had put on one of them pairs before, and if we had no others fitted him better he would have them; when I turned round and perceived one of the flannel waistcoats faced with sattin hanging out of his breeches down at his shoes, with an intent to put a pair on, and as he stooped down I perceived something up behind the back of his coat, a large lump which gave me a suspicion, he had taken something belonging to my master, more than the waistcoat in the breeches; I said nothing, but I went round to the door in the passage, and I called my mistress, Mrs. Jones, and she came to the shop door, the door where we were, and I told her that that man had robbed us, for that I saw the waistcoat in his breeches, and I believed there was something up his back beside; I took up thehandle of something that screws up the kitchen grate, and told him if he did not deliver the waistcoat and my mistresses's property up, I would knock him on the head; he asked me what I meant, I told him I meant my mistresses's goods, I would have them; he denied for some time that he had any thing; on which he pulled out the waistcoats out of his breeches; eight flannel waistcoats he had not buttoned up in his breeches, he could not pull them up, the waistcoats were so large, that was how I happened to see the waistcoats, he took them out of his breeches himself; I told my mistress to send for a constable, and I searched him, my mistress sent for a constable, before the constable came, he pulled out thirteen cotton handkerchiefs out of his pockets, and up his back, I had seen these handkerchiefs and flannel waistcoats in Mr. Jones shop, when he was in the shop before at three o'clock, they were linen handkerchiefs concealed either up his back, or in his pocket. A young man that was going by, heard me say to Mrs. Jones go after a constable, and stopped; I told Mrs. Jones to call that young man in, and he assisted us; he said why did not you let me take them out before you took me; the young man came in and I see him take the red handkerchiefs out of his pocket after he came in; the waistcoats are worth 30 s. and more, the cotton handkerchiefs 13 s. and the linen handkerchiefs, 10 s.
Prisoner. Why did not you take them out of my breeches when you said they were in first? - I thought you was a stronger man then me; and I thought I could get to the door and lock you in.
Q. Did not I tell you I was the person that was in half an hour or three quarters of an hour ago? - You did.


                  ELIZABETH
                   HAYES
               



             sworn.
I live in Jerusalem passage, St. John's-square; last Thursday about a quarter before four I was standing facing Mr. Jones's shop, and I saw the prisoner take one of the handkerchiefs out of his pocket, or from some where about his clothes.
Prisoner. Where was you when you saw this? - I was standing at my own door, it is not above three yards across.


                  JOHN
                   LEE
               



             sworn.
Last Thursday I was in Jerusalem-passage; and I heard somebody say, Go, and fetch a constable. I immediately turned my head about, and I heard Mr. Jones's foreman say, Call that young man in. I immediately went into the shop, and there I saw a good many flannel waistcoats strewed about. As the prisoner at the bar was stooping, I there observed him pull out some red handkerchiefs out of his pocket, and drop them on the floor, pretending to buckle his shoe.
Prisoner. The gentleman says, I pulled them out of my pocket; and the other says, I pulled them from behind me. - Whether it was from behind you you pulled them out, or out of your pocket, I cannot say positively, but you pulled them from you.


                  SAMUEL
                   BURR
               



             sworn.
I produce the articles delivered to me in Mr. Jones's shop (deposed to).
Prisoner. I went into this shop to buy a pair of breeches, and the gentleman pulled me down five or six pair; two pair I tried on, and they were full large, - They would not do. I want a pair says I with strings. I went out - there were none fitted me. I went to the Coach and Horses, in Clerkenwell-green, and I stayed about an hour. When I came back, I called for a pair of breeches;and the gentlewoman came to the door, and she called this young man in. When I went in, says I, you remember I was here about three-quarters of an hour ago. He took me down a pair of breeches: says I, they will not do, because they are straps, and I want strings. Trying on the breeches, I pulled down my apron, and a parcel of things tumbled down with it - Some fell behind my breeches, and some just at the knee of my breechs. The young man came round, and says, What are you at? - If you stir, I will cut your head open. You talk foolish, says I. He calls out, directly, for the gentlewoman of the house; and she came, and the gentleman came in; and the neighbours picked up several things at the same time: but as for having any thing about me, I had not.
Court. How came this bundle up your back? - I had nothing behind my back - Is it possible to suppose, that a man should have such a bulk about him without being perceived? When the constable came he searched me, and found 17 s. and 6 d. in my pocket.
The prisoner called five witnesses, who gave him a very good character.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 39 s.
             (Aged 41.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
