





435. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LINGHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of July
, two silver casters, value 30s.
             the property of 
               
                  Martha 
                  Higginson
               




            , widow
.
- LITTLEFORD sworn. - I am servant to Mrs. Higginson, No. 35, Harley-street


, she is a widow lady: Mrs. Higginson sent me out to market on Monday, the 10th of this month, I returned between four and five o'clock, upon which I directly went up stairs to the dining parlour, as dinner was just ready to bring up; upon which I met with the prisoner up stairs in the dining parlour, standing by the side-board, upon which he met me very boldly, to my great surprise, and said, how do you do, my old friend, I have not seen you a long time; upon which he rather pushed me back into the passage away from the room, and said, do not you know me, and knocked a dish almost out of my hand, which I had a cucumber in; upon which I turned round and said, you are a thief, and he pulled the parlour door to, and endeavoured to turn the key; he went out at the street door and pulled it to with great violence; upon which I missed immediately a silver pepper and mustard caster with ladles; upon which I directly pursued him, and called out as violently as I could exert my voice, stop thief, and Mr. Lloyd, the corner of New Cavendish-street, was at his door, and stopped him; I only lost fight of him while he turned the corner; I came up immediately, and commanded him to be brought back to the house and searched; upon which the Duchess of Leinster's butler took out of his pocket one of the casters, and another man took the other, which I have got now about me, I saw it done, (produces them); I have always had the care of them ever since have been her servant, which is four or five days under three months; I know them to be her property.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You never lost fight of him? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            Only while he turned the corner.


                  EDMUND
                   LLOYD
               



             sworn. - I am a bookseller: I heard the cry of stop thief; I saw the prisoner run, I stopped him, and took him back.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 21).




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
