





537. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CHIPCHASE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of September
, a bill of exchange for 122l. 12s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Burkitt
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Fothergill
                  



               
            .
(The indictment opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  RICHARD
                   BURKITT
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe the prisoner was clerk
 to you and Mr. Fothergill? - Yes.
Q. What is your partner's name? - 
               
                  Thomas
                   Fothergill
               



            .
Q. The prisoner at the bar had been your clerk for some time? - Yes, for three or four years. The bill came by post; I opened the letter myself, on the 14th of September; I have the bill.(The bill and letter produced.) I opened it and gave it to one of the clerks; it is due the 17th of September.
Q. Did you receive the money for that bill? - No.
Q. What became of the prisoner? -He absconded with the bill and other property, on the 16th.
Mr. Shepherd. Tell us what situation Chipchase was with you? - Was he clerk with you? - He was. He used to receive money and bills, and once or twice a week I used to settle the balance with him.
Q. So that if, for instance, he might receive money on Monday or Tuesday, on Wednesday you could receive the balance and settle with him? - Yes.
Q. He was, in fact, cashier? - He was employed to receive money and make payments for freight, and such things.
Q. You say this bill came to his possession in the regular course of his business?- I believe the bill was given to the other clerk, John Forthergill, to carry for acceptance.
Q. But whenever it came into his possession it came in that character, in which he served you? - Yes, just so.
Q. Of course, if this had not happened that bill would have been carried to account in his accounts? - This bill was never entered in the accounts.
Q. I put this question to you; had he not, in the course of his employment, authority from you to receive money and to charge himself with money? - He had not, before they became due.
Q. For instance, that very bill in your hand, if he had not gone away with it, he would have received the money, and if he had wanted any particular sum to disburse, he would have paid it away, and have carried that also into the account? - He may sometimes; but the usual course is for to send it to the bankers, and they are to receive it.
Mr. Knowlys. Your usual course was to send it to the bankers for them to receive it? - Yes, it is.


                  CHARLES
                   MILLS
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to Messes. Le Febure and Co-bankers, in Cornhill.
Q. Did the prisoner, Chipechase, bring any bill to you on the 16th of September? - Yes.
Q. Has it been since paid? - Yes, paid on the 17th.
Q. When he came to you what did he say? - He put the bills into my hand as usual, on the 16th, I asked him what was to be done with the bills, they were not indorsed.
Q. Is it usual that the parties who send the bills to your house should endorse them? - Always when they are discounted. I asked him whether they should be entered in Mr. Burkitt's account as short bills, or what was to be done with them? He said, he wanted small notes and money for them. I hesitated a little, because it was the custom of every person to indorse every bill they sent in; I offered to give him some light money, which laid on our hands, in order to be changed whenever they chose; he objected to the offer of the light money, and said, it must be good money, it was for Mr. Burkitt's particular use.
Q. Had Messrs. Fothergill any considerable balance in your hands? - Yes, I believe a very considerable one, they always have. I gave him the money, a hundred pounds in small notes, and the rest in cash.
Q. I believe you have received the money on that note for Messrs. Le Febure and Co. as their due? - Yes, I have.
Mr. Raine. I observe you state that when he put the bills into your hands, he did it as usual, by which I should suppose that he was in the constant habit of doing. this? - He used to come three or four times a week paying money, and sometimes taking it out.
Mr. Knowlys. Has he been in the habit of discounting bills? - He has come to the house and left bills.


                  JOHN
                   FOTHERGILL
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe you are clerk to Messrs. Burkitt and Fothergill? - Yes.
Q. In consequence of the prisoner's going away, you went after him? - Yes, with Miller. He went away on Wednesday the 16th, and I followed him on the Saturday after; we found him at Falmouth, but we went to Plymouth first.
Q. What name did he go by at Falmouth? - He was known by no other name there than 
               
                  Frederic
                   Eden
               



            ; he and the young woman that was with him went by the name of Eden.
Q. Did you acquaint him with the nature of the purse it? - He knew, immediately as he see me he said he did not expect to see me there, or he would not have come ashore if he had; the officer took him, I went on board the ship to get the trunk, it was his trunk, marked Frederic Eden; the prisoner told me where the trunk was; there was a bag of gold in it; Mr. Miller took it out and carried it to London.


                  JOHN
                   MILLER
               



             sworn.
Q. You are one of the officers at Bow-street? - Yes.
Q. Did you go to Falmouth to apprehend this young man? - Yes, I went in company with the last young man, John Fothergill; I apprehended the prisoner at the Dolphin, a public house; and after I had Chipchase in custody, and his girl, I went on board the vessel, and brought away a trunk, I opened the trunk, and found a canvas bag containing three hundred and seventy two pounds twelve shillings; here is a receipt of Mr. Fothergill's, which I received for the money.
Q. Did he say any thing when he was taken? - He was rather glad that he was taken, that he might come back again and see his friends.
Q. Do you know what name he passed by? - Captin Eden.
Q. Of whom did you understand that he went by the name of Captain Eden? -Of Mr. Burkitt; I apprehended him by the description of the person, nor by any name.
Mr. Shepherd. You say when he was down there he was desirous of coming back again? - He was.
Q. I believe there was an offer made him by some of the people in the ship, of taking him away in spite of you? - So I was informed.
Q. Did not he tell you that he wished to come back, in order to do justice, but that the American sailors had offered to rescue him if he had chose? - I dare say there were near three hundred seamen about; I believe he spoke to them when he came out; he spoke to the Captain, and I know the Captain whispered to him three or four times before I brought him away, I am sure it would have been impossible for me to have brought him away if he had said half a word; the Captain and the landlord of the house were so much against me, that I thought myself in great danger.
Q. Was it not in consequence of his good conduct that the rescue was prevented? - Certainly.


                  JOHN
                   SIMS
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe you are clerk to Mr. Stothard, the indorsed of that bill? - Yes, I am; the indorsement is his own hand writing.
Q. Do you know the people that carry on business in the name of Gotheridge and Co. - Yes; I took the bill of Mr. Gotheridge myself, I sat by him at the time he drew it.
Q. Do you know Mr. Gotheridge's partner? - Yes, Mr. Henderson.
(The bill read.)
"11 September 1795.
Bilerica;
Three days after sight please to pay to Mr. J. Stothard or order, one hundred and twenty-two pounds twelve shillings. value received.
Gootheridge and Co.
To Mossrs. Adams and Welsord, No. 7, Buckingham-street, London.
Accepted for Messrs. Adams and Wetsford 14th of September.


                  Thomas
                   Cooper
               



            ."


                  THOMAS
                   COOPER
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe you are clerk to Messrs. Adams and Welsford? - I am.
Q. Is that you hand writing? - It is.
Q. I believe you accepted it? - I did.
Q. Do you know Messrs. Gootheridge and Co.? - I do.
Mr. Shepherd submitted to the court, that that which had been proved by the witness against the prisoner, was not of that nature as charged in the indictment, the witnesses proving only a breach of trust, and the indictment charging a felonious taking; but the court were clearly of opinion that this was a felony, for although he had authority from his master to go and receive money on bills, yet he had no authority from him to go and receive money and apply it to his own use.
The prisoner called five witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
