





159. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HICKEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of January
, a plough plane, value 8s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Earl
                        



                     
                  ; a tenon saw, value 5s. and a hand saw, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Teddon
               



            .


                  PETER
                   EARL
               



             sworn. - On the 12th of January.I lost a plough plane, worth 8s. from No. 15, Bedford-row


; the prisoner was stopped with it at the pawn-brokers, at the end of Oxford-road, this is it. (Producing it.)


                  JOSEPH
                   FELLOWS
               



             sworn. - I am a pawn-broker; the prisoner brought this plane to me on the 14th of January, this is the same plough that the prisoner brought to me.
Earl. This is my plane, it is marked P.A. on the side.


                  WILLIAM
                   TEDDON
               



             sworn. - I lost two saws, a tenon-saw and a hand-saw, at the same time, I have not been able to find them.


                  ELEANOR
                   PULLEN
               



             sworn. - On the 12th of January, the prisoner at the bar came to No.15, Bedford-row, Mrs. Panton's house, where these carpenters were at work, he knocked at the door, and enquired for the carpenter, meaning William Teddon; I told him, the carpenters were away, and he said he was to wait for them; he came into the house, and in a few minutes, I thought I heard him upon the stairs, and I heard the door go, I was sitting in my room, and I immediately went to the door and saw the prisoner going out with his coat lapped over before him, as if he had got something under his coat; be went away, and I did not see any more of him.
Prisoner's defence. I never was in the house, nor never saw the plane.



               Guilty
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
