






11. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WADE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th day of November
 last, onewooden tub, value 2 d. and sixty-nine pounds of butter, value 41 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Davis
                  




               
            .


                  PETER
                   BUCKLAND
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Davis, a cheese-monger
, on Snow-hill


: on the 15th of November I was unloading a cart of cheese at my master's door; the carman said, I believe a man has taken away a firkin; it was Irish butter and salt; Mr. 
               
                  Robert
                   Davis
               



             came to the door, and we pursued him to St. Sepulchre's church; and Smith said to me, he is gone that way, pointing to the Old Bailey; I went up Giltspur-street; I overtook Wade, and pulled him by the skirt of his coat, and the firkin dropped off his shoulder; Smith struck me with a bludgeon, which took the skin of my face; he was dressed in a smock frock; Mr. Davis then came up, and Smith knocked my master down; he lay upon his hands and face near half a minute; I am sure to the firkin, the mark is 349; they made off when the people began to collect round us; I am sure they are the men; I saw them again, about eleven that night, at the Sun, in Cow-cross street; I was directed in that pursuit by the patroles; there I saw the prisoners.


                  ROBERT
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I am brother to the prosecutor; I pursued two men up to the corner of Giltspur-street; I heard the last witness crying murder! I went to his assistance, and I was knocked down; he was dressed in white, I believe, in a smock frock.
- WILLEY sworn.
I am a patrole; I went into a number of different houses; I sent the evidence Buckland into the sign of the Sun, to get a pennyworth of beer; he came out again, and I went in and took them; there might be eighteen or nineteen people in the room, most of them thieves.


                  HENRY
                   RICE
               



             sworn.
I only know of the prisoners being taken out of the house.


                  Robert
                   Dodd
               



            . It was light enough to discern their persons, but I did not get near enough to identify which.
Buckland. While I was drinking my pennyworth of beer, I heard one of the prisoners say to one Douglas, if you had been with us, we should have brought the butter away, and that it would have been ten hog a-piece: Smith said one of the people was a lusty young fellow, but he had tipt him his gruel as he ought to have it,
Smith. Please you, my lord, I had been to the White-horse cellar, to deliver a horse; I returned about half past six; I have no witnesses, they are in the country.
Wade. I never was out of Cow-cross that night.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
