





404. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MARSH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of June
, a cloth coat, value 7s. 6d. a callico gown, value 3s. a pair of leather breeches, value 5s. a silk waistcoat, value 3s. two callico gowns, value 1l. and a silk petticoat, value 10s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Jarvis
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   JARVIS
               



             sworn.
I am a silk dyer
; I lost the things from my dwelling house, Warwick-street, Golden-square


; the prisoner at the bar was my servant
, it was the 4th of last month when I first discovered my loss; he did not come to his usual employ to work, he had not been near me since Saturday, when I paid him his wages; his employ was in the callendering line. By the different customers enquiring for the goods repeatedly, and the prisoner at the bar not coming to his usual employ, and the customers expressing that they delivered the goods into the hands of the prisoner, I suspected the prisoner to be the offender. I went in search of the prisoner in order to enquire about the goods; I found him in the Seven Dials, on the 7th of June, with the officer Manning; we immediately took the prisoner to the first public house, which was the corner house, we searched the prisoner and found various duplicates, the officer has them. I asked the prisoner whether these duplicates I refer to were my property or not? He said they were.
Q. Had you promised him any favour? - By no means.
Q. Had you said it would be better for him? - By no means. I delivered him into the hands of the officer, and he was committed. The property is deposited in the hands of the pawnbrokers, who are present.


                  PHILIP
                   LEMOINE
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I produce a cotton gown, it may be called callico, a man's coat, and a man's waistcoat; the waistcoat came in the 19th of May, and the coat and gown on the 30th. I am sure I took them in of the prisoner; I wrote the duplicates myself.


                  SAMUEL
                   NEALE
               



             sworn.
I am servant to James Hall; I produce two callico gowns pawned by the prisoner, on Saturday, the 31st of May in the evening; I gave him a duplicate, it is my own hand writing.
Prisoner. This is a piece of business I am unacquainted with; I leave it to the mercy of the court; it is the first time that ever I was guilty of any thing of the kind.


                  DENNIS
                   MANNING
               



             sworn.
I have got the duplicates that I found on the prisoner, at the public house; when I went with the prisoner, he did not deny it, but the duplicates I found on him was belonging to property, which he took from Mr. Jarvis.
Court to Prosecutor. Was he your servant on the 19th and 31st of May? - He was. On the Saturday before the 4th of June, I paid him, and he never came to me afterwards. I can say these things are mine with propriety, they areall mine; they have been through my hands repeatedly.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 23.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before
Mr. RECORDER.
