





212. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ROGERS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of April
, six wooden chairs, value 21 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wright
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn.
I live with the prosecutor 
               
                  John
                   Wright
               



            ; I am a porter, Mr. Wright is an upholder and cabinet-maker
, he lives at No. 40, Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury


; I went to fetch the chairs that morning from Mr. Bromley, a chair-maker, Hatton-wall, almost opposite Hatton-garden; I picked these chairs out, and tied them up, and took them home; my master helped me to pitch them; I left them between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, on the 9th of April, and I missed them about twelve.


                  JONATHAN
                   AXTELL
               



             sworn.
I am a smith, I was out of employment. He came by, that is, the gentleman who stole the chairs. I live at No. 27, Tash-street, Gray's-Inn-lane; I saw the prisoner with the chairs on Saturday last, about ten or eleven o'clock, he had them upon his back, and set them down, and asked for a porter, and I carried them, after first borrowing a knot, into Hungerford-market, No. 7, under the Piazzas, and left the chairs, and went away. I am sure the prisoner is the man.
Do you know the chairs? - No.
Look at them? - These are such chairs as I carried; I can't swear to them.


                  THOMAS
                   MORGAN
               



             sworn.
I keep a broker's shop in Hungerford-market; this young man Axtell, and the prisoner brought me some chairs; Axtell carried them, and the other man asked me to buy them; I did buy them, and gave twelve shillings for them.
(The chairs deposed to by 
               
                  William
                   Williams
               



            .)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
A man asked me to sell them for him, and told me I was not take less than twelve shillings for them; and going along I asked this young man to carry them for me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
