





463. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SCOLDWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing two live tame ducks, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Spurling
                  




               
            , July the 3d
.
Mr. Ally. Gentlemen of the Jury. The case which I have now, as Counsel for the prosecution, to call your attention to, as stated in the indictment, is only a case of grand larcency, and therefore you will be relieved from trying a case in which the life of a fellow creature is involved; yet I will venture to state thus much, that it is a case of much importance to the justice of the country, as any case that ever was exhibited in a court of justice; for it will be sufficient to tell you, I dare say to rouse your attention to this cause-that that man, who stands before you, was, at the time this offence is alledged to be committed, acting as a servant of the law, acting as a person bound by the law of England with mercy to administer the process of the law; and yet he took advantage of the distress of his fellow creature, and under that distress assuming a kind of authority that he did not possess, took a considerable property not contained in this indictment, as well as that which is contained in it, without the consent of the prosecutor. On the day charged, the 23d of July, the prisoner was employed to arrest the prosecutor of this indictment; the debt amounted to 16l. 7s.; At ten o'clock at night he obtained admission to his house, and informed him, that he had a writ against him, and he must immediately come off, and immediately accompany him to Newgate. The prosecutor replied, that that was rather a harsh kind of observation-if there was a demand against him, he would endeavour to settle it; "No, no, (says the prisoner) you shall not settle it, you must immediately come with me to Newgate, and you must hire a post chaise." The poor man said, "it is a hard thing to hire a post chaise to carry one's self to Newgate; if you will take me in an humble single horse chaise, which I have of my own, I will go with you to Newgate." The bailiff's follower, Mr. Taylor, thought sit then to say, "we had better settle and accommadate the matter;" and, in the presence of the prisoner, asked what kind of accommodation he could afford; the prosecutor replied,"I have 15l. in the house; you shall have that, and I will give you something else as a security for the payment of the balance, 1l. 7s." The prisoner asked him if he had not a watch; he said, "yes, he had:" "then I must have that." The poor man said (his wife at that time being in a lamentable situation, and such as from her appearance she must, in a very short time, answer the calls of nature), sooner than leave his wife in that situation, he would give him his watch; the watch and 15l. were given to the prisoner; and he had no sooner got that than he encreased his demand; says he, "this is a trifling thing, gentlemen such as we are cannot come into the country without something to bear our expences; he asked him for money; he said, no, he had nothing left but a few halfpence he had taken in the course of his trade; all the halfpence he had collected in the course of his trade that day amounting to about 10s. and the honest gentleman before you received that 10s. Gentlemen, this is not all; he asked him if he had no fowls about the house; he said, he had one or two, and that was all. He asked him if had not a goose, "yes," says he; then says the prisoner, "my wife is very fond of a goose I must take that to town:" says the prosecutor, "that is very hard;" "O (says he) the goose I must have." He let him have the goose; still the rapacity of this man was not satisfied; he was no sooner possessed of all this, than finding the disposition of the prosecutor such, that rather than leave his wife in the situation she then was, he would have parted with his all-"Have not you the lease of this house?""Yes (says he); and that is my all;" he had expended 300l. upon it a short time before, and the lease of the house he had. Still not content, he said, "I must have a note for 40l. upon condition that the lease shall be minethis debt and costs be legally settled within twenty-one days. One would have thought the rapacity of any man would have been satisfied with this; the prisoner left him at four or five o'clock in the morning; and as the prosecutor had to prepare his bread for next day, he retired to his bakehouse; he saw the prisoner going towards his stable, and in this stable were the two ducks mentioned in this indictment; and, fortunately for public justice, he went into the stable, the prosecutor saw him retire, and without speaking any thing further, I believe, to the prosecutor, he went away. - Gentlemen, about six o'clock the wife of the prosecutor directed her servant as usual to let out these ducks, and feed them; the servant went to the stable but the ducks were gone. The prosecutor of this indictment will prove to you that about two hours before the prisoner went into the stable he saw the ducks there; he will prove positively that they were there at that time; and then, Gentlemen, the question will arise what became of them; nobody went into the stable but the prisoner at the bar; and if there was no more evidence than that of the prosecutor, I should think there was sufficient evidence to bring conviction home to the minds of twelve honest men; but I have evidence which no mind can resist. I have that which is a kind of confession, at least an admission that he stole the ducks that are the property of the prosecutor; for as if Justice ever had something walking before it to detect such enormities as those charged against the prisoner, it happened that the prisoner met with, as he was going to London, the driver of a stage coach; the coachman took him upon the top of the coach, and no sooner had he got a few miles than in a familiar way, and forgetting the misfortune which he might by and by fall into, he taps the coachman upon the shoulder, and cries out "quack, quack," (this produced a laugh in Court;) it is certainly a kind of observation calculated to excite a kind of simper; but I am sure, notwithstanding that, it must ultimately excite the compassion and indignation of every man; he did cry out, "quack, quack; tick, tick;" the coachman asked him what he meant? says he, "I have done the baker out of his ducks and out of his watch;" "have you," says the coachman; "yes (says he) I have;" they then went on a great way further, and they arrived at some place where the coachman stopped to water; at this time the ducks were falling out of his pocket; the coachman saw the ducks were falling out of his pocket, and said this to him, "Mr. Constable, if you don't take care you will lose the ducks which you have stole;" the reply of the prisoner was not a denial of that charge; "no, no, I say(says he) I will take care, I will keep them fast." I say therefore this is a kind of admission, if admission is necessary under such circumstances, that the prisoner did steal the ducks; but the coachman will prove that the ducks were white ducks; the prosecutor will prove the ducks he lost were white; it will be therefore incumbent upon the prisoner to show by what means he obtained possession of this property; for unless he can satisfactorily show how he came by that property, it will be your duty, beyond all question, to say he is guilty of the charge imputed in this indictment. Gentlemen, after this, which I pledge myself to prove to you, there can remaining upon your minds with respect to the guilt of the prisoner; and I am very much at a loss to know upon what ground the learned Gentlemen mean to defend him; he is defended by very able advocates, and if ingenuity can save him I am sure the prisoner will have the full benefit of every thing that ingenuity can afford him; but I am at a loss to know, from the little ingenuity I possess, upon what legal ground they can defend him; perhaps you will be told by and by, that at the time all this property was extorted from the man, which I have not charged in this indictment, that these ducks also were given him by the prosecutor.
Mr. Knowlys. I really don't understand this mode of opening a case; it appears, as I expected, that something upon the face of this indictment, which is not of great value, should be enhanced by hinting to the Jury that property has been illegally taken of greater value, which it is supposed the lenity of the prosecutor has withheld from bringing before the Court; if he has done so, he ought to be called upon to answer to it, or the Jury's minds ought not to be burdened with it.
Mr. Ally. My Lord, I remember perfectly, when Mr. Justice Rooke said the other day, when I interrupted Mr. Knowlys, says that learned Judge, "I will not interrupt the Counsel in his opening, I will leave it to himself and his own candour," and I sat down; I say now, I am sure the Counsel for the prisoner will not interfere, but trust to my direction; and I say in the case I am now stating, it is extremely necessary to apprize the Jury of all the facts, which I shall do fairly, as well for the prosecution as for the prisoner; because by and by a cross-examination will take place, and facts may be turned and turned unless a previous explanation goes to the Jury upon the subject, and therefore it is totally upon my own credit and candour I stare this case; if I state it improperly, I will give up the cause.
Mr. Knowlys. I only meant to hint that this is not the ordinary way of opening a prosecutor's case.
Mr. Ally. It is new, it is a very extraordinary interference; I thank God, I am not of the disposition of many persons, I am not by interruption to be turned aside from the line I was pursuing, when I know that line is right, and interruptions of this kind sometimes give me an opportunity of seeing into the case.
Court. It is now high time for me to say to the Jury, that they must divest themselves of nine-tenths of this opening, it is quite sufficient to state that this man has taken the ducks; if he has been guilty of extortion, it has nothing to do with the simple fact whether he stole the ducks, and any other consideration is out of the question, it is quite an uncandid and unusual opening.
Mr. Ally. Gentlemen, I agree with the learned Judge, I desire you to divest yourselves of every thing I have said further than the facts shall come out; but I must continue to state the case as it has been laid before me, and will be proved; I tell you, I shall be able to prove, out of the mouth of the prisoner, the confession that I have stated; I tell you, I shall be able to prove the loss of the ducks, and the possession of the prisoner; I say, when I have proved that, you cannot have a doubt with respect to the verdict you are to give; and I would have gone on to state other circumstances, which afterwards occurred, for there were several meetings afterwards between the prisoner and prosecutor, and therefore I will beg leave to ask, upon what ground the prisoner is to be defended? for, if it is said, he is not guilty of the felony, because it was a long time before the alledgment of a prosecution; you are not to be led astray by such an observation, for this reason, the prosecution was not commenced for some time after the commitment of the offence, and I will tell you why the prosecutor sat down content with the loss of his ducks, while he was protected in his liberty; but afterwards, the story got wind in the country, and I will say, to the honour of the Magistrates in that quarter, they insisted that the prosecutor should come forward, and do that justice to the public which the nature of the case demanded; it was in consequence of this, that the prosecutor came forward, for he would not have been able to have borne the expence of a prosecution; these circumstances, I shall prove clearly beyond all controversy; and, I say, if you find him guilty, and by that verdict you consign that man over to the punishment he deserves; if he is guilty, I hope that verdict will be held up as a mirror to those men who are servants of the law, and teach them to carry before them that great Christian precept, to do that towards those upon whom they have a process to serve, as they would be done unto; and that, if they transgress the law, it will not be with impunity; and more than that, I hope it will teach them not to do that, which is often the case, when they have a writ to execute, like carrion crows, to seize upon the victim, and not leave him till his utter destruction is accomplished. I have stated these circumstances, you will hear the evidence, and I know you will dispose of it as justice shall demand.


                  THOMAS
                   SPURLING
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Ally. I live at Bedfont in the county of Middlesex


; I am a baker
.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you recollect seeing him at any time in July last? - A. Yes; He came down on the 22d of July last, he came in about ten o'clock at night, I and my servants were at supper; he came in and looked hard at me, and said, "don't you know me;" "no," says I, "I don't;" "have not you got nothing better," "no," says I, he then sat down, and said, "he had a writ for me, from Mr. Allen;" I said," I dare say, we could settle it, if he sat down, or give bail;" he said, "I should have no bail, for there was no bail, that I should go to London duectly;" I told him it was very hard, I could call a friend in.
Court. This has nothing to do with it, go on to the ducks.
Mr. Ally. Q. How long did this man stay in the house? - A. Till every thing was settled.
Q. Had you been in the stable together that night? - A. Yes, to see whether the horse had ate his victuals, and there were the ducks.
Court. Q. What time was this? - A. About three o'clock in the morning.
Q. You saw the ducks at that time? - A. Yes; I saw them there, he said, I should go to London whether the horses had eat their victuals or not; I should go to Newgate, and that would cost me two guineas; I then went into the house again, and staid about an hour.
Q. Did you shut the stable door when you went out? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you leave the prisoner in your house? - A. The prisoner went into the house along with me; we staid together in the house about an hour, and he took all the things.
Q. Did you then go out of the house? - A. - A. We then went into the bake-house, and the prisoner went in with me and looked into the oven, and then he went into the wash-house, that was about half past five; he went out of the bake-house into the wash house, and out of there into the stable, he staid there seven or eight minutes; I remained at my work making my dough and lighting my fire; he went out of the stable, and laid, good morning to me, and never came near me any more.
Q. Did you at any time after this, go into the stable yourself? - A. Yes, in about half an hour after he went away, the servant maid went in first, and the ducks were gone.
Q. Amongst the variety of things which you had given, I will call it, to the prisoner, had you given him the ducks? - A. I had never given him a duck, nor was a duck talked of.
Q. What colour were these ducks? - A. White ducks.
Q. Did you ever see the ducks afterwards? - A. No.
Q. Is the servant here? - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You are a baker it seems? - A. Yes.
Q. You attended to what the gentleman was saying to the Jury? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you attend much to it? - A. Not a great deal.
Q. What paper was that you had in your hand? - 
Mr. Ally. Let it be read, I will not have one word said about the paper till it is read. (Here a skirmish ensued between the Counsel of rather a serious nature).
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Where is the paper you were reading? - A. The officer has it.
Q. Who furnished you with that paper? - A. That gentleman.
Q. Is that the paper? - A. I had not read it before, but I thought it was for Mr. Osborn as a witness.
Q. Do you mean to say you did not read it? - A. I am no scholar.

Q. Tell me if that is your hand-writing; (shewing him a paper?) - A. It is.
Q. Do you mean to say you did not read it? - A. I did not.
Q. Upon your oath, do you mean to say that before that Jury? - A. I read it as near as I could, and I thought it was for Mr. Osborn to come as a witness.
Q. This man came to you to arrest you? - A. Yes.
Q. Did he explain to you at the time, that he came to arrest you? - A. Yes, after a few minutes.
Q. He told you he should take you to Newgate? - A. Yes.
Q. For the debt, was not it? - A. Yes; I wished to make it up, and I asked if there was no bail.
Q. You had not the money to pay the debt and costs? - A. The costs, he said, were 10l.
Q. Don't you know it was his duty, to take you away? - A. Yes.
Q. Did he forbear, at your request, to take you to Newgate? - A. I asked him if we could not settle it.
Q. I ask you, did he not forbear to take you at your request; did you not request him not to take you? - (hesitates).
Q. Was it your wish that he should take you? - A. I told him I would go.
Court. This is no evidence in the cause, except so far as to know how he came into the house; he did not make his arrest; it is certainly a prejudice which ought not to operate one way or the other.
Spurling. He said, "why should I want to go;" and then, when I talked of not going, he wanted me to go.
Q. Did not your wife desire him not to take you? - A. Yes; and then he said he would have so much money.
Q. Upon your oath, did not you attempt to run away from him? - A. Yes; he caught hold of me by the collar, and said, I should go to London that minute; and he told me I should walk all the way.
Q. Are you not lawyer enough to know, that if you escaped from this man he must have paid the debt and costs? - 
Mr. Ally. It is an extremely unfair question.
Mr. Knowlys. I care not for your observations, I know you too well to care for them.
Q. Are you not lawyer enough to know, that if you escaped from this man he must have paid the debt and costs? - 
Mr. Ally. I say it is a very improper question.
Mr. Knowlys. Let me hear what my Lord says and I will attend to it, but I will not to you.
Mr. Ally. It is matter of opinion.
Court. It certainly is.
Mr. Knowlys. Then, as your Lornship says so, I will not pursue it.
Q. This was the 22d of July? - A. This was on the morning of the 23d.
Q. And then you lost your ducks? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you not know where this man lived? - No.
Q. Upon your oath, did not he tell you? - A. He told me, but I never knew by going to his house.
Q. Now do you mean to swear that you did not know, when he told you, where he lived? - A. No, not at that time; he did when he came the second time.
Q. Do you know Taylor? - A. Yes; they came both together.
Q. He is a witness for you, is not he? - A. Yes.
Q. Upon your oath, did not you promise to call at Scoldwell's house the Monday after you were arrested? - A. No, not then, the Wednesday week I told him; after he wanted the forty pound note, I said, if this is not settled in three weeks, the note is forfeited, and the lease too.
Q. Did you not, upon your oath, promise to call the Wednesday week after? - A. I told him I would if I could, and if I could not, he had got the forty pound and lease security.
Q. Upon your oath, how came you to promise to call upon him the Wednesday week, when you did not know where he lived? - A. He gave me his card that morning.
Q. The 23d of July? - A. Yes.
Q. Then how dared you tell this Jury you did not know where he lived? - 
Mr. Ally. It is very unfair to dare a witness in this way.
Mr. Knowlys. If your Lordship thinks I am wrong I will stop, but I am not to be reprehended by this man.
Mr. Ally. I submit to the Court that it is not the duty of a Counsel, who is only, by the courtesey of the English law, permitted to ask a question. I say it is the most indecent, unbecoming, and ungentlemanlike behaviour, to dare and insult a witness; to ask a witness why he dare say so and so. I object to Mr. Knowlys daring the witness in that way, it is illegal.
Mr. Knowlys. Am I to have your Lordship's permission to go on, as I shall attend to nothing else?(Mr. Ally said something, in so low a voice, that it was not heard.)
Mr. Knowlys. There is a noise in the Court, I cannot go on.
Q. Did you look at the card, the direction to his house? - A. Yes.

Q. How came you to tell me he never told you where he lived? - A. He never told me where he lived, only left his card.
Q. Had you any doubt where he lived when he left his card? - A. I could have no doubt.
Q. When you lost your ducks, did you go to look after the man you suspected to have stolen them? - A. No; the man was gone, and I did not think he would have done so, after I had given him one thing and another, to take my ducks.
Q. You had no suspicion then that he had taken them? - A. I could not suppose but he would have been better than to have taken them.
Q. When did you suspect that he had taken them? - A. Three weeks afterwards, when he came down again; I did not know who had got them.
Q. I ask you when you suspected him? - A. I rather thought, as he would have this thing and the other, that he had taken the ducks, I could not say.
Q. Did you suspect him, yes, or no, to have taken your ducks? - 
Mr. Ally. He has answered you.
Mr. Knowlys. I shall not attend to you, Sir, I appeal to the Court.
Q. Did you, or not, suspect him to have taken your ducks? - 
Mr. Ally. If we are to be kept here all night-
Mr. Knowlys. I wish your Lordship to silence this person.
Court. He has certainly not given you an answer to that question; and when you put an improper question I shall certainly stop you.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Did you suspect this man had stolen your ducks? - A. I could not tell who it was.
Q. I don't ask you whether you know; upon your oath, did you, or not, suspect he had stolen your ducks? - A. I rather thought he must have taken them, for nobody else had been in.
Q. When did you rather think he had taken your ducks? - A. Because nobody else had been in.
Q. When did you first suspect he had taken your ducks? - A. I missed them soon after he was gone.
Q. You had his card; you knew where he lived in London? - A. I had his card.
Q. Did you go to London to enquire after him, or take him up, or take any steps in the business? - A. No; I was so afraid of his coming down and using me ill in that way, that I should not have done it at that time; he had used me so, that I was afraid.
Q. At what time did you think of doing it? - A. When he came to arrest me the second time; he came down and brought a note, which I had given him before, for 4l. 19s. and says he, "here is your note, it is good for nothing, take you balderdash note;" says I, you have never been a-nigh to see whether the man would take it or not; says he, "I will have none of your notes, nor your nonsense, pay me the money you owe me;" I asked him, what do I owe you? "why, (says he) now, I must have 9l."
Q. That was the 13th of August, was not it? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you charge him with it then? - A. No.
Q. He came to arrest you that second time upon another suit? - A. Yes; and he said, he had come to clear the old account up.
Q. You did not then suspect him? - A. I did not know then that he had stole my ducks.
Q. That was three weeks after the time he first came to you? - A. Yes.
Q. Had you any conversation with worthy Mr. Taylor about it upon the 13th of August? - A. Taylor did not come down then.
Q. How long after the 13th of August did you think proper to charge him with these ducks? - A. When I came to give the bail bond in London I found it out that he had stole the ducks; that was the Tuesday after the 16th.
Q. Did you charge him before the 16th of August with having stole these ducks? - A. No; I did not know it for a certainly before.
Q. Did you make any enquiries about it, and about him, before the 16th of August? - A. I made no enquiries till I knew it for a fact.
Q. Did you make any enquiries about this man, and his stealing them, before the 16th of August? - A. No.
Q. You never took the trouble to ask, whether he had been possessed of them before the 16th of August? - A. No.
Q. Did you ask any body if they had seen him with such things? - A. No; he went away when I was in the bake-house.
Q. But you knew where he lived by his card? - A. Yes.
Q. Upon your oath, was not this card a true direction to him; you have been at his house since, have not you? - A. No, I have not; I suppose it was a true card, because I wrote to him, and the letter arrived.
Q. I dare say you had so had an opinion of this man, that you would not have wrote to him to desire the favour to send down a little pickled salmon for your wife, before this dreadful affair of the ducks broke out? - A. He and his wife came down together, before the 13th, and they took their breakfast, and luncheon, and dinner.
Q. You did not mean to give this fellow, whom you suspected of being a thief, a breakfast, luncheon, and dinner? - A. I did not know it.
Q. But you suspected it? - A. I had not settled the business with him.

Q. Did not you suspect it? - A. I rather suspected, but I wished to settle the business.
Q. Did you not suspect him to be a thief before the 23d of July? - A. I rather suspected it, but I did not know for a certainty, the business was not quite settled; and he came down, and said, he was come down to settle the business; and after his breakfast he had a luncheon, and then wanted some pickled walnuts; I gave them some bacon for dinner, and while his wife was at dinner, she said,"Lah, what nice bacon your's is, I wish you would give me some to carry home;" his wife said, she must have half-a-crown for coming down instead of a man, and I gave them some bacon; and his wife said, "I should not be a looser by it, she would send me down some pickled salmon;" then he wanted some geese; I told him I would go and buy some, but I could not afford to give them any; then he said he would pay for them; I told him to go and kill one if he would pay for it, and he went and killed an old one.
Q. Whether you wrote this letter before the 13th of August, a friendly letter to send a piece of of pickled salmon down? - A. Yes; I had not settled the business then; he had taken two geese from me, and promised to pay for them; the next time he came down he would not give me any thing.
Q. Upon your oath, did you ever venture to accuse this man of stealing these ducks before you had a conversation with Taylor? - A. I have never had any conversation with Taylor, but Mr. Sadler was the man they rode up with.
Q. Upon your oath, did you ever venture to accuse this man of stealing these ducks, before you had a conversation with Taylor? - A. I never had any conversation with Taylor till we came for the bail bond.
Q. Upon your oath, did you ever venture to accuse this man of stealing these ducks, before you had a conversation with Taylor? - A. No; not till the bail-bonds were al together.
Q. Before you charged him with stealing these ducks, you had no conversation with Taylor? - A. No.
Q. That you swear? - A. Yes; for I never saw Taylor after till we were all together the Tuesday after, when I found out he had stole the ducks.
Q. What time, after the 13th of August, did you accuse this man of stealing these ducks? - A. When they were filling the bail bond up, about twelve or one o'clock.
Q. Before or after dinner? - A. Before and after too.
Q. Before dinner you took him to be a thief, did you? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you dine with the thief? - A. We were forced to dine all together, for he wanted to lock me up then.
Q. Did you dine then? - A. Yes; but we were not very friendly then; my bondsmen were there, Mr. Wager and Mr. Tilner.
Q. Where did you dine? - A. In the City, I believe it was, the Red-Lion; I told him of it, and he was very angry; he called me out of the room, and he said, "I did have your ducks, but if you make any more piece of work, I will tear the bond, and lock you up directly." Mr. Wager said, "You shall not be locked, for I have got fifty pounds by me, and the man shall not be locked up"
Q. Is he here? - A. Yes.
Q. That was the first time you accused him of taking the ducks? - A. Yes.
Q. What was the value of the ducks? - A. Better than 3s. I think, but I had rather under value them than over value them; he offered to satisfy me; I said I would not be satisfied in that way, I would let the law take its course; and he said, "if you say any more I will take and lock you up."
Q. So from the 23d of July to the 13th of August, you never accused him of taking these ducks, and never said you had given them to him? - A. There never was a word mentioned about a duck till we went up to give the bail bond, not to tell him of it.
Q. You never mentioned then about his taking these ducks from the 23d of July to the 13th of August, to any body? - A. Yes; giving up that day the 16th of August, as we were going up I mentioned it to Mr. Wager; and I mentioned it to Mr. Sadler, going up on the 16th of August.
Q. When did you first mention it to Wager and Sadler? - A. The day before; Sadler said he saw him with ducks.
Q. Did you ever mention it before the 15th of August to any body? - A. No; I did not know that he had them.
Jury. Did you mention you had lost them? - A. Yes; to a great many people.
Mr. Ally. Q. You have been asked whether or not you knew the address of the man, or whether he told you his address; I understood he did not tell you where he lived, only gave you a card? - A. Yes.
Q. I understood you also to say, you did not mention any thing of the ducks till the 16th to the prisoner? - A. Never.
Q. On the 15th, the day before you came to town, you mentioned it to Wager, who was to come to town with you? - A. Yes; and to Mr. Sadler.
Q. I also understood you to say, that the reason why you did not accuse this man on the 13th, wasbecause he came down that day for the purpose of settling with you? - A. He came down to settle
Q. There was still on this 13th, the second time he came, a demand he set up against you? - A. Yes.
Q. Therefore as there was this demand, you did not charge him with stealing the ducks? - A. No; he stuck me up 26s. at the public house, and made me pay it all.
Q. With respect to missing the ducks; you never saw the prisoner from the day the ducks were lost till the 13th? - A. Yes; he came down with his wife, when he had the bacon and that.
Q. Still this demand was remaining against you, and therefore it was you did not charge him with stealing the ducks? - A. No.
Q. You did not charge him with it till the 16th, and then he threatened to lock you up? - A. Yes.
Q. When you were asked whether you suspected him, you answered, you could hardly suspect him, because you did not think him cruel enough to take them after all you had given him? - A. I thought he could not; there was a great bason of halfpence, and he took all them away.
Q. Then he threatened he would lock you up the second time? - A. Yes.
Q. Had you ever heard from any body who had taken possession of the ducks, till you saw Mr. Sadler? - A. No.
Q. Then you could not ascertain positively, though you entertained a suspicion, that he had the ducks? - A. No; Mrs. Scoldwell came and offered me ten guineas if I would make it up.


                  JOSEPH
                   SADLER
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Ally. Q. You are the stage-coachman from Bedfont to London? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you recollect on the 22d of July, seeing the prisoner at the bar? - A. No; on the morning of the 23d.
Q. Where then did you meet him, and what happened between you after you did meet him? - A. About half past seven in the morning I came through Bedfont; I took up the prisoner at the bar and another man with him as passengers on the outside of the coach, at the house of Mr. Wager; on the journey to London, about a quarter of a mile from Bedsont, the prisoner at the bar began telling me his business, what he had been to Bedsont about; that he had been to arrest Spurling the baker for a debt; he related a great number of things that he had taken from him, I cannot say what; but fifteen or sixteen guineas in gold and a watch he showed coming along the road; he exposed the leases, and showed me that and several other things; he tapped me on the shoulder soon after; I looked round, and the prisoner held up his pocket in this manner, and cries, "quack, quack I have done the baker our of his ducks;" coming some little distance further he pulled out a watch, and held it to his ear some little time, and cries"tick, tick, I have got the baker's watch;" he was exclaiming loudly against Taylor; he said he had been asleep; that he had not been doing art acting part; that he was asleep while he was doing the baker out of his ducks; we then proceeded on the journey, a conversation took place, but I paid no more attention to any thing that was said; when I came to Hammersmith, where we stopped to water, his coat hung over the roof of the coach, and I saw one of the ducks almost out of the prisoner's pocket.
Q. What colour was that duck? - A. A white duck.
Q. Did you make any observation to him at that time? - A. I said, my good fellow, if you don't look sharp you will lose the ducks that you have stole; he said no, he would take care of that, or something of that kind; he then took his coat up, put the duck in his pocket, and sat down again.
Q. Did he say any thing denying that he had stole the ducks? - A. No; that he had done the baker out of the ducks.
Q. When you charged him with that, repeat again what was his answer? - A. I cannot immediately recollect; I think he said, no, I will take care of that.
Q. You journeyed on together? - A. Yes; to the Bell Inn, Holborn.
Q. Had you any further conversation with the prisoner? - A. Nothing more concerning the ducks; he went into the house at the Bell, and called for some porter; I came in to take my money of him, and drank some porter with him.
Q. Did any thing more of this transaction occur between you? - A. Nothing more.
Q. Did you give information of this to any body? - A. Yes; to Mr. Wager, who keeps the Duke's-head at Bedfont, where I took the prisoner up; I exclaimed to Wager, when I went down in the afternoon of the 23d; why you are as big a rogue as the man, to let the man rob the baker of his ducks; says I, he had given him a goose, and they have stole two ducks; he said the baker had been enquiring after them, or some such thing; I thought they might have told Wager as they had done me.
Q. Did you give any information after this to any Magistrate? - A. Not till I came to Bow-street.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. What coach do you drive? - A. The Egham coach.
Q. Did you know Spurling before? - A. Yes.
Q. Had you a full coach? - A. No; four or five outsides; I cannot recollect what insides; I think have were four outsides.
Q. Whatever this prisoner said to you, he saidloud enough for every body else upon the coach to hear? - A. Yes.
Q. He was bragging that he had done the baker out of his ducks? - A. Yes.
Q. He never made use of the word steal at all? - A. No; only that he had done the baker out of his ducks.
Q. And this he did so publicly, that you as well as your four or five outside passengers might her? - A. No doubt.
Q. You yourself gave no information at all to a Magistrate till you came to Bow-street? - A. Not a bit.
Q. That was the 17th of August? - A. I believe it was, I cannot positively say.
Q. And the day this expression was made use of was the 23d of July? - A. Yes.
Q. In the afternoon you mentioned it, when you went down to Mr. Wager? - A. Yes.
Q. The prisoner was not taken up then? - A. No.
Q. Though you had represented that he had done the baker out of his ducks, he was not taken up till you were at Bow-street? - A. No; I never saw the man again till I got to Bow street, except once.
Q. Did you know where he lived? - A. Yes; he gave me his card at that time.
Q. And after boasting of what he had done upon the top of the coach, he gave you a card? - A. Yes.
Q. In the course of going to town, I take it that it is very frequent for people to drink with each other (I mean no imputation, I have road upon a coach-box myself before now)? - A. Yes.
Q. Perhaps you might drink with them? - A. Not till I got to the Bell-Inn, Holborn.
Q. Did you drink with them at the Bell? - A. Yes.
Q. And would again, perhaps, if you had gone with him again? - A. Very probably, no doubt of it.
Q. Do you mean to say, that at any time he admitted he had stole the ducks? - A. No; not the word stole.
Q. Do you recollect Scoldwell coming down again by your coach? - A. No; I don't recollect any hung about that.
Q. You know where the baker lived? - A. Yes.
Q. And you know where Scoldwell lived? - A. Yes.
Q. Though you told Wager, did you ever see the prosecutor between the 23d of July, and the 16th of August? - A. I don't know the day of the month, it was the day before I went to Bow-street.
Q. Had you any conversation with Spurling at all after, till the day before you were at Bow-street? - A. No; it was out of my way to stop at his house.
Q. Did he say he had stole the watch? - A. No; he had got the watch; I understood from him, that he had got the watch and leases, and things as security for the debt, and that the ducks he had done him out of.
Q. You came to London afterwards, and then set him down at the Bell? - A. Yes.
Q. You know Bow-street pretty well, I don't mean any reflection? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you go before the Magistrate and give any information of it? - A. Not till the 16th, I think it was.
Q. The coach came to the Bell-inn, Holborn; did you tell the people there of it? - A. Yes; it was publicly spoken of that day there among the people in the inn.
Q. And yet, though it was so publicly spoken of first of all, upon your coach, afterwards you mentioning it to Wager, and afterwards at the Bell inn, Holborn; the prisoner was not taken up from the 23d of July till the 16th of August? - A. I believe it was never made known to the prosecutor for three weeks after.
Q. It was a thing of public notoriety in the country? - A. No; only to Mr. Wager.
Q. It was notorious in London? - A. Only at the Bell; I dare say it did not go beyond that; it was publickly known in the public room.
Q. Did you say nothing of it in the yard? - A. I don't know but I might, I don't think I did.
Q. Will you swear you did not mention it in the yard? - A. No.
Q. Is there a more public inn in Holborn, or more coaches go from any inn, except the George and Blue-Boar; is there a more public inn than the Bell? - A. No, I don't know that there is.
Q. You will not take upon you to swear you did not mention it in the yard? - A. No.
Q. Where did you mention it, in the taproom? - A. Yes.
Q. How many persons might there be? - A. There might be six or seven people there.
Q. Do you live in London? - A. No; at Egham.
Q. You don't know the Public-Office in Hatton-street? - A. Yes.
Q. That was pure and handy to the Bell-inn, Holborn? - A. Yes.
Q. You did not go there to give any information? - A. No, it was no business of mine.
Q. You did not go there? - A. No.
Q. Nor any body else to your knowledge-nor did you attempt to stop him? - A. No, he went about his business.

Q. And you never saw him till the 16th of August? - A. I had no business with the prisoner.
Mr. Ally. Q. You were asked, whether he admitted he stole the ducks, and you say, he did not? - A. Yes.
Q. Was it in consequence of your not being certain that the man had stole the ducks, as you had no other proof of it, except your own conversation-was it in consequence of that also, that you thought you were not authorized in taking up this man? - A. To be sure I did not, I had no right to take the man into custody.
Q. You were not certain he had stole the ducks? - A. No; only from his own confession.


                  ELIZABETH
                   TYLER
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Ally. Q. Were you servant to the prosecutor on the 22d of July last? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you recollect, that day, seeing the prisoner at your house? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you recollect what time it was the prisoner left the house? - A. I cannot recollect the hour justly; it was in the morning.
Q. Do you recollect from any direction you received, going into the stable? - A. Yes, to see if the horse had eat his corn; that was while the prisoner was in the house; and I saw the ducks then, and never saw them afterwards.
Q. What colour were they? - A. White.
Q. Were you present during the conversation between your master and the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Q. During that time, did your master give the prisoner, promise to him, or was any mention made about those ducks? - A. No; there were no ducks mentioned.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You are servant to Mr. Spurling? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember the prisoner being there? - A. The prisoner was there.
Q. When did Mr. Wager come to your master's house? - A. I don't recollect Mr. Wager coming.
Q. How often have you heard your master talking about these things? - A. I never heard him talk of it till he came to town.
Q. You never heard him mention that the ducks were stolen? - A. No.
Jury. Q. Did he never mention he had lost them? - A. We often wondered where the ducks were gone to, but never could hear.
Court. Q. What passed from your master about them? - A. He did not say much about the ducks.
Court. Q. Did he know that they were lost; or did he say any thing about them? - A. He knew they were lost, because I mentioned it to him after the prisoner was gone in the morning, about half an hour after he was gone.
Jury. Q. Did your master go about any where to enquire for the ducks? - A. No.


                  WILLIAM
                   WAGER
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Ally. Q. Do you keep the Duke's-head at Bedfont? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. Yes.
Q. You came up to give bail for the prosecutor? - A. Yes; at the prisoner's house.
Q. Was any thing said about these ducks? - A. Yes; on Tuesday the 16th of August, I went to Mr. Scoldwell's house, and he asked me where the baker was; I told him gone into the city about some business; he said, he wanted him there; I said, "What for?" he said, "to lock him up;" I asked him what he could want to lock him up for, was not I come to give bail? he said; he must do his duty and lock him up. I told him to come with me into the city, and we should meet him. I asked him how he came to do the baker, out of his ducks; his wife said, "what ducks;" I told her two ducks that the baker had missed, and Mr. Sadler informed him that he had them; his wife said, she was sure he had brought no ducks there. When he and I came out, he said, "damn you, why did you mention to my wife about the ducks; do you think that I take every thing home to my wife that I get, says he, I had them dressed before I got home.
Q. Did he deny, or did he admit that he had the ducks? - A. He owned he had the ducks; he said, he had them dressed before he got home. I kept joking him about the ducks all the way; and afterwards he told me to hold my tongue about the ducks, and if I did not, he would be damned if he would not go out of the room, and not come in any more; he pulled out the bail bond from his pocket, and threw it upon the table, and said, he would be damned if he would not tear it, and lock up the baker.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You are a neighbour of Mr. Spurling's? - A. Yes.
Q. You go there almost every day? - A. No; not for a week together, and more than that sometimes.
Q. He frequents your house? - A. Not very often, sometimes not for a month.
Q. How far is it from your house to his? - A. Three hundred yards, or somewhere thereabout.
Q. Do you know Mr. Sadler the coachman? - A. Yes; very well.
Q. You never heard of these ducks before you went to town? - A. Yes; it might be a week or ten days after the prisoner had been down there the first time.
Q. How long, after the prisoner had been downthere the first time, did you hear any thing from Mr. Sadler? - A. I cannot say.
Q. The same day? - A. No; it was not, I am sure, the same day.
Q. Was it the next day? - A. I cannot say, it might be a week or ten days.
Q. Was it the same day or not? - A. I am sure it was not the same day that the prisoner went up with Mr. Sadler that he told me about the ducks.
Q. It was no secret to you that the man had stole the ducks? - A. Yes; it was for some time.
Q. When was it you learnt it? - A. I cannot tell.
Q. I know you are his bail? - A. Yes, I am.
Q. When did you speak to Mr. Spurling about this? - A. The first time I saw him after Mr. Sadler told me, and that was some time first.
Q. How long after Mr. Sadler had told you did you tell Spurling of it, upon your oath, one, two, or three days? - A. Upon my oath, I don't know.
Q. This is an important enquiry, and I expect an attentive and serious answer; upon your oath, when did Mr. Sadler tell you? - A. Upon my oath, I don't know.
Q. How long before you came to London? - A. I don't know.
Q. How long before you came to London to give bail was it that you heard from Mr. Sadler that this man had stole the ducks? - A. I cannot tell.
Q. Was it a week after? - A. It might.
Q. Was it a fortnight? - A. I cannot tell.
Q. Do endeavour to recollect something about it? - A. I cannot.
Q. Did you ever hear of Mr. Spurling having sustained any injury? - A. I heard he had lost the ducks.
Q. How long before you went to London? - A. I did not go to London till some time after.
Q. Was it before or after Mr. Sadler told you of it that you heard it from Mr. Spurling? - A. Before Mr. Sadler spoke of it.
Q. That you are sure of? - A. Yes.
Q. Did Mr. Spurling tell you whom he suspected? - A. No.
Q. Did Mr. Sadler tell you whom he suspected? - A. No.
Q. Upon your oath, did Mr. Sadler tell you whom he suspected did take the ducks? - A. No, he did not; Mr. Sadler told me that the prisoner had the two ducks.
Q. Then Mr. Sadler told you that the prisoner had taken the ducks? - A. Mr. Sadler told me that Scoldwell had done the baker out of the two ducks.
Q. Mr. Sadler did not tell you he had stolen the two ducks? - A. No.
Q. When did Mr. Sadler tell you that? - A. I cannot say.
Q. When did he tell you? - A. I don't know.
Q. How long before you came to London? - A. It might be a week before that.
Q. Do you believe it was no more than a week? - A. It might be a week.
Q. Don't you believe it was three weeks before that? - A. I do not.
Q. Are you sure it was not three weeks before you went to London? - A. No; it was not.
Q. You stick to that; you are sure of it? - A. Yes.
Q. And you are as sure of that as of any thing you have said? - A. Yes.
Q. As your house is only three hundred yards from Mr. Spurling's, when did you communicate this to Mr. Spurling? - A. I cannot tell; I did not make it my business to seek after Mr. Spurling to tell him of it.
Q. Was it the day after? - A. I cannot say.
Q. A week after? - A. Yes, above a week.
Q. Though you heard your neighbour had lost his ducks, and though you could explain it, you did not think fit to let your neighbour know? - A. I did not know but Mr. Sadler might be joking, as he often is joking as he goes along; he did not stop to tell me of it.
Q. When did you tell Mr. Spurling of it? - A. When I came to London.
Q. Not before? - A. I cannot say; I told him as we came to London.
Q. Did you see him half-a-dozen times before that? - A. I cannot say.
Q. Had you seen him once before that time? - A. I don't know how many times.
Q. Had you seen him at all before that? - A. When I saw him, I told him of it.
Q. When did you tell him of it? - A. When I saw him.
Q. When did you see him? - A. Not above a day or two before I went to London.
Q. How often do you think you have seen him, from the time Mr. Sadler told you of it, till you told him of it? - A. I cannot say; I might have seen him a dozen times at a distance; I can see half a mile up our road, but I was not to leave my business to run half a mile after him to tell him.
Q. Did you ever tell him in the number of times that you did see him, till one day before you went to London? - A. I might tell him a day or two before that.
Q. How often did you tell him of it before you came to London? - A. I don't know how many times.
Q. Did you tell him more than once? - A. I have told you, two or three times, how often.
Q. No, you have not; did you tell him morethan once before that time? - A. I might have told him two or three times.
Q. You don't know whether you told him of this fact oftener than once? - A. I do not.
Q. The day before you went to London was after he had been arrested by Scoldwell? - A. Yes; he had been down and arrested him on Saturday.
Q. You went with him to London on the Tuesday? - A. Yes.
Q. Therefore, the day before you went to London with him was on the Monday? - A. Yes.
Q. And that was the day you told him? - A. Yes; I did tell him it on the Monday.
Q. Had you any conversation with Spurling before that, about it? - A. Yes; once or twice before, I might, in the course of a day or two.
Q. How often, before this Monday, had you had conversation with Mr. Spurling about it? - A. I don't know; he never comes to my house hardly.
Q. The man did not deny the possession of the ducks, his only desire to you was, not to let his wife know of it; and said, it was very odd a man could not have a duck without its being dressed by his wife? - A. No; he said, "Damn you, what did you tell my wife about the ducks for, I had them dressed before I came home."
Q. As you heard from Mr. Sadler that this man had taken the ducks, did you never advise the baker to take him up? - A. Yes, a day or two before; it might be of the Monday that I came up of the Tuesday, the baker said, he would, himself; I told him he was to blame if he did not.
Q. You have a Justice of the Peace between your place and London? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you apply to him for a warrant? - A. Yes; but our Justice was in London.
Q. Did he apply? - A. I don't know that he did.
Q. Did he? - A. Not that I know of; he did grant me a warrant.
Q. That was after all the business passed in London? - A. Yes; the day after I had given bail for him.
Q. Did you apply to any Magistrate in your district before you gave bail for him? - A. No; it was not my business.
Q. Did he apply? - A. He did not tell me; nor I did not ask him.
Q. You thought Mr. Sadler was joking about it? - A. Yes.
Q. And the prosecutor was joking him about it the day before he took him up? - A. I don't know that he spoke jokingly.
Q. Did not you speak jokingly of it? - A. No; for I was in earnest.
Q. Did you say you were joking or not? - A. Yes; I told him of it, I suppose, twenty times.
Q. Did you say you spoke to him jokingly of it? - A. Yes; it was a true joke as I meant; I thought he had robbed the baker of them.
Q. Is it true that you spoke jokingly to him of it? - A. I tell you it was a true joke.
Q. Is it true that you spoke jokingly to him of it? - A. I have told you twenty times already.
Q. Is it true, that you spoke jokingly to him of it? - A. I supposed that he stole the ducks, that made me mention it to him.
Q. Is it true, that you spoke jokingly to him of it? - A. There was no joke in it.
Q. Is it true, that you spoke jokingly to him of it? - A. It was a rum joke to rob a man, I think.
Q. Is it true, that you spoke jokingly to him of it, upon the oath you have sworn? - A. I did not mean it as a joke.
Court. I don't see how he can explain it more than he has done; you are examining him upon a particular term, which term is excessively ambiguous; get at the 
facts, and then all the world will judge whether it was meant jokingly; I 
don't think any man can give an 
answer to it.
Mr. Knowlys. I should not have used the term if he had not put it himself.
Q. What time did you leave him after dinner? - A. Three or four o'clock in the afternoon.
Q. Did any of you go to Bow-street, or any office in London, to take him up? - A. No; we had a Magistrate lived at our own place, and we wanted to get home; it was late before we got our business done.
Q. Did he go with you to do your business? - A. Not to every place; he might stop at the door perhaps.
Q. You did not apply to any Magistrate for a warrant? - A. Yes; at Bedfont the next morning.
Q. Did you get your warrant there? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you part friends at the Red-lion? - A. He could not part very good friends with a man that had been robbing him, I think.
Q. Did you eat and drink together? - A. Yes.
Q. Did not you shake hands at parting? - A. No, not in such good friendship as that; there was not much friendship while we were at dinner.
Mr. Ally. Q. The next day you got a warrant? - A. Yes; from Mr. Anderson.
Q. He attended afterwards at Bow-street? - A. Yes.
Q. He is a Magistrate of the county? - A. Yes.
Q. We have heard a great deal about dates; do you keep a day-book to enter conversations in? - A. No, I don't.


                  JOHN
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Ally. Q. Did you attend the prisoner Scoldwell, as a follower at any time, and went to arrest the prosecutor? - A. Yes; the 22d of July last.
Q. Do you recollect the prosecutor giving anyducks to the prisoner while you were there? - A. No, I am certain he did not.
Q. You had no conversation at all about ducks? - A. No.
Q. When you were returning, did the prisoner say any thing to you when you were coming home together? - A. Yes; he said to me, coming out of the house, "look here, you damn'd sleeping humbug, I have got two ducks backwards, while you Have been asleep."
Q. Then you came up to town together? - A. Yes, we stopped at the Duke's-head.
Q. And some conversation took place between the coachman and the prisoner? - A. Yes, upon the coach; the prisoner said to Mr. Sadler, "I have been arresting one of your neighbours down at Bedfont; the answer was, "who was it, Mr. Spurling, the baker?" and, says he, "I have made a good thing of it; I have got a 40l. note, I have got his lease, I have got a watch, fifteen guineas; a pocket full of halfpence, he has given me a goose, and I have done him out of two ducks."
Q. I believe you afterwards gave information at Bow-street? - A. No, never in my life.
Q. You were at Bow-street, however? - A. Yes.
Q. And you stated at Bow-street, the same that you have stated here? - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. The prosecutor did not give Scoldwell any ducks? - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. You don't know either one way or the other, you went to sleep? - A. I had a nap in the kitchen, to be sure.
Q. You will not take upon you to swear whether he gave him any ducks, or not? - A. I could not, while I was asleep.
Q. You have said, though before that, he did not give him any ducks? - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. While you were asleep, whether he gave him any ducks or not, you don't know? - A. When a man's asleep, you know he cannot see.
Q. There was no conversation then about the ducks that you heard? - A. No.
Q. If there had been a conversation, of course you will answer me in the same way; that while you were asleep, you could not hear it? - A. No.
Q. The prisoner, Scoldwell, had this conversation with you coming out of the prosecutor's house, about the ducks? - A. Yes.
Q. Was any body by at the time? - A. Only him and me.
Q. You had hardly got out of the house? - A. Yes; we might have got ten yards from it; it might be ten or twenty yards.
Q. You took the prisoner back; did not you, when you heard he had got the two ducks from the prosecutor? - A. No, I was only his servant.
Q. You don't take your master back, when he has told you he has committed a felony? - A. No.
Q. You did not tell Mr. Spurling? - A. No; not till he came down to be bailed, three weeks, or a month after.
Q. So, though you heard this conversation, you never told Mr. Spurling till he came to be bailed for the second action? - A. He knew all that before he came up, he knew it without my telling him.
Q. Do you remember bringing the ducks yourself in an handkerchief out of the yard? - A. I did not; how could I, when he had them in his pocket all the time.
Q. How long have you been in this line of being a follower to the bailiffs? - A. I have been with him as an assistant since last Michaelmas.
Q. Have you ever been lucky enough to be an officer? - A. Yes; I was partner with Mr. Griffin, if you know that gentleman, and kept a very comfortable house in Covent Garden.
Q. How long have you ceased to be an officer? - A. Since 1794.
Q. And you have taken up the office of a follower? - A. Yes, by my good nature.
Q. You were discharged from your office? - A. No, I was not; the reason I left my office was, I was drawn in by a kidnapping captain.
Q. You ceased from 1794 to be a bailiff; and then have ever since carried on the office of a bailiff's follower? - A. No; till last Michaelmas, when I was taken ill, and then I returned to my office with credit.
Jury. (To Spurling.) Q. Whether he threatened to take you to Newgate before you ran away? - A. Yes, he did; and my wife was in sits upon the floor at the time; and he took me by the collar and said, I should go; none of your sits, you shall go directly.
Prisoner's defence. I never mentioned any thing at all concerning taking that man to prison till after he had run away from me.
For the Prisoner.


                  RICHARD
                   BARB
               



             sworn.
I am a tallow chandler, in Seymour-street, Portman-square; I have known the prisoner near upon four 
years.
Q. What character as he borne for honestly during the time you have known him? - A. He has been an Excise-officer, and surveyed me two years and an half, and always behaved extremely well.
Q. You became security for 2000l. for him? - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q. He has been discharged from that office? - A. Undoubtedly he must be discharged from the Excise, or he could not have been in the office that he is in.



                  GEORGE
                   FOXWELL
               



             sworn.
I live in Goswell-street; I am a grocer and tea-dealer; I have known the prisoner thirteen or fourteen years; he is an honest man, a tender husband, and an indulgent father.
Q. You have been his security for 2000l? - A. Yes; and would freely take him into my house tomorrow.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q. Did you study that speech before you came into Court? - A. I am a volunteer in the business; I am not subpoenaed.
Q. Did you consider those words before you came into Court, or do they flow from you freely? - A. They flow from me freely.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Are they the real sentiments of your heart? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN
                   TUTTON
               



             sworn.
I am a maltster at Chelsea; I have known the prisoner, Scoldwell, 15 years; I always found him an honest and sober man.


                  WILLIAM
                   NAPIER
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a biscuit baker in Theobald's-road: I have known the prisoner about a year, or a year and a half.
Q. During the course of that time have you ever heard any thing against his honesty or humanity? - A. I never heard any thing against his honesty or humanity; his house is considered as a nuisance in Gloucester-street, on account of his business.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q. His house is considered a nuisance? - A. Yes.
Mr. Knapp. Q. You have been asked by the Counsel for the prosecution, whether this house is a nuisance; explain yourself whether you mean a nuisance with respect to the prisoner being the owner of it, or as a lock-up-house? - A. The house, independent of the man, it being a very genteel street; and Mr. Spurling has told me that he never would have prosecuted the man if he had not been advised to it.
Jury. Q. Did Spurling deny the fact of having been robbed, or merely said, he would not have prosecuted if he had not been advised? - A. He told me he did not suspect the prisoner stealing his ducks in the first instance; and then said, he would not have prosecuted the man, if he had not been advised to it by one person, meaning the publican, Wager.
Q. But he said he had lost his ducks? - A. Yes.(The Jury requested the letter to be read acknowledged by the prosecutor to be his writing.
"Sir,
"I am very sorry that I cannot come on Wednesday, being my wife is very ill, and is not delivered yet; but I can send you the money by the Egham and Staines coach on Monday morning; and send the little bit of salmon as you promised."


                  JOHN
                   ALLEN
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a cheesemonger at Holborn-bars; I have known Mr. Scoldwell about twenty-one years; I never heard any thing against his honesty in my life; I have given security for him for 2000l.
Q. If he was acquitted of this, would you continue your security for him? - A. I don't know that I would be security for any man for 2000l. again; but not out of any bad opinion of him.


                  MARY
                   BUTLER
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I keep the Queen's-head, Tavistock-row: I have known the prisoner about a twelvemonth; he bears a very good character for any thing I know.


                  JOHN
                   CLIFFE
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am an attorney; I have known the prisoner between two and three years; I never knew him otherwise than a very honest man; he has executed warrants for me, and I always found him very punctual.
Mr. Ally. Q. Are you concerned in the defence? - A. No; nor am I subpoenaed.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Do you know any thing of Taylor? - A. Yes; between three and four years.
Q. From what you have known of Taylor, would you believe him upon his oath? - A. By no means.
One of the Jury (Mr. Edward Fell). I wish to speak to the character of Taylor myself. (He is sworn).
Court. Q. It is a very serious and solemn thing that you are going to swear; all that is allowed to be sworn is this, that from your knowledge of him he is a man that ought not to be believed upon his oath? - A. I would not.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q. Have you ever known Taylor sworn as a witness in a Court of Justice? - A. Never.
Q. Did you ever hear him take a false oath? - A. No; I have employed him as an officer.
Q. Upon the oath you have taken, did you ever know Taylor sworn, before he was sworn here? - A. No.
Q. Then having never known him to take a false oath before, how can you take upon yourself to say that he ought not to be believed upon his oath? - A. He has received money from me as a Sheriff's officer, which he denied to his partner; and I proved by my book-keeper that he had received the money.
Q. Did you yourself see the money given? - A. Yes; and it is entered in my book.
Q. It was a cause of your own? - A. Yes; a cause of a hundred and odd pounds; he denied to Mr. Griffin that he had received a guinea.
Q. Were you present? - A. Yes; I consideredhim as an officer upon his oath, and that what he did was upon his oath as an officer.
Q. It was money beyond his regular see for his extra trouble? - A. Yes.
Q. Don't you know it is not regular for officers to take that, and therefore they naturally deny having taken it? - A. To his partner, I always considered he would say that which was truth.
Q. Then from these circumstances you undertake to say, you would not believe him upon his oath? - A. I would not.
The Jury having retired half an hour, returned with a verdict of 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 41.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
