





84. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     LEWIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of December
, six guineas and six shillings, and a silk purse, value 2d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Winn
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John
                         Wallis
                     



.


                  SAMUEL
                   WINN
               



             sworn. - On the 26th of December, I met the prisoner in Dyot-street


, about half past eight o'clock; I made a bargain with her to give her a shilling, and went into a private room with her; I went up stairs with her upon the bed, and after we had been a few minutes upon the bed, I felt her hand pull something out of my waistcoat pocket; I missed six guineas and six shillings, I saw it as I was going up stairs with her.
Q. Are you a common soldier
? - A. Yes.

Q. That is a great deal of money for you to have? - A. I worked very hard for it, at one master's for a year and an half; I am a pipe-maker for the fire-offices; I told the master of the house, Mr. Wallis, that I was robbed, I went from there into the street, and thought to have made an alarm, but there were a number of people about, and they said, success to the gun, and I was told, I had better go away, and I went to Bow-street, and the girl was taken.
Q. Was any of your money marked? - A. No; some of it was found upon her, I am sure it is the same.
Q. Were you perfectly sober? - A. I was as much sensible as I am now.


                  GEORGE
                   DONALDSON
               



             sworn. - I searched her, and found four guineas, three shillings, two sixpences, and one shilling and nine-pence in halfpence; I told her I had got her for robbing a man, and she was quite in liquor.
Q. Did you see the soldier that evening? - A. Yes.
Q. Was he in liquor? - A. Rather so.
Prisoner's defence. I don't wish to speak a word till I have my money again.
GUILTY




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
