







367. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HEDGES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  JONES, otherwise 
MILES





            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of March
, a she ass, value 3l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     White
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   WHITE
               



             sworn.
I am a labourer
 at Ascot, in the parish of Rislip


; I lost a she-ass; I missed her on Easter Monday at night; I saw her about five o'clock the night before; I found her the 6th of April, the Wednesday week following, at Squire Griffiths's premises at Old Windsor; he said he bought her of these two men.
Q. How do you know this she-ass? - A. She has got a particular mark upon her rump; a long stroke almost like an I, burnt in her; it was put on before I bought her last Christmas; and I knew her by some white spots upon her thigh.
Q. Then from these marks do you think you can safely swear that she is the same that you saw at Squire Griffiths's? - A. Yes, I can; I have no doubt at all; I had her from Squire Griffiths's, and have had her ever since; I gave 25s. for her when I bought her.
Q. How far is Squire Griffiths's house from your premises? - A. It is about thirteen miles off.


                  THOMAS
                   VALE
               



             sworn.
The prosecutor bought the ass of me sometime about Christmas, or rather before; I found her afterwards at Mr. Griffiths's, and knew her again; I had had her about two years; she has a mark burnt with a large iron in the off side of her rump like an I, and many white spots about her.
Prisoner Hedges. I was admitted an evidence before the Magistrates at Uxbridge.
Owen He was committed as an evidence.
Q. To Vale. Was he admitted as an evidence before the Magistrates? - A. He was.
Court. That will be a consideration hereafter; the Jury have not any thing to do with it.


                  GEORGE
                   ALDEY
               



             sworn.
I swopped a little horse with Miles for two asses, and in a week's time one of them was taken away from me.
Q. What do you know about Mr. White's ass? - A. I don't know any thing about it.
Q. Do you know any thing about a she-ass? - A. No.


                  HENRY
                   LIPSCOMBE
               



             sworn.
Q. Look at the prisoners? - A. I know them very well; I was with my master, Mr. Griffiths, when he bought this ass of them; I am bailiff to him; it was in the Easter week; he was to give two guineas for her in ten days; he mistrusted that she was stole, and so he gave them nothing at the time that she was delivered to my master, and she was owned in five or six days after my master bought her, and they went away.
Q. Are you sure these are the men that sold her? - A. Yes, they were both together; they both said they swopped two jack-asses away for her.
Vale. I and Aldey took the prisoners in the parish of Aldersham; one of them (Miles) ran away; squire Griffiths promised to stop them when they came for the money, but he did not.
 Lipscombe. They did not come for the money at all.
Miles's defence. This man sent me for the money at the time this gentleman was in the field.
Hedges's defence. I cannot say any more than I have said; I have worked ever since I have been a boy, with a farmer in the neighbourhood.
Hedges, GUILTY. (Aged 40.)



               Judgment respited till next session
            




.
Miles, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
