





165. 
               
                  
                     TIMOTHY 
                     SULLIVAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of Febraury
, a hammercloth, value 3l. 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Mayfair
                  




               
            .
- MILLER sworn. - I am coachman to Miss Mayfair: I lost this hammercloth out of Percy Mews, Rathbone-place


; I locked up the coach-house doors, with a padlock, between five and six in the evening of the 11th of Februry; I found the padlock off the door about half past twelve, when I came out of the house, and was coming to bed; the padlock was taken away, and the hammercloth gone, some of the strings were cut, and some untied; the watchman stopped him about one o'clock.


                  PATRICK
               


             M'CARTY sworn. - I am a watchman of St.Giles's: I got this hammer cloth (producing it) of the prisoner; I was calling one o'clock on Sunday morning, the 12th of this month, and I met the prisoner and two men, the prisoner had a bag upon his shoulder, and I asked him what he had there, he told me his master's clothes; I asked him from whence he brought them; and he told me, from the White-horse in Oxford-road; I asked him how far he was for carrying them; he said, to Great Queen-street, to the Sugar-loaf; I went along and said no more till we came to Drury-lane; inthe way to the watch-house the other two men went away, they had nothing upon them that I could see; when I came to Drury-lane, I asked him to come to the watch-house with me; he told me that he would not, but I might go with him to his master's in Great Queen-street, at the Sugarloaf; I told him my duty would not let me go there, and he must be good enough to walk with me to the officer of the night, to tell what he had in that bag; he said, he would not, and I brought him by force there; I opened the bag bag by force at the watch-house, and found that this hammer-cloth was in it.
Prisoner. I went with him very quietly? - A. He did, he said, he would not, and I gave him a couple of shoves, and took him by the breast, and then he said he would go very quietly.
Miller. I know this to be my misterss's Property.
VALENTINE RUMLEY sworn. - I am a watchhouse-keeper, he said, he had brought it from the White-horse, and was taking it to the Sugar-loaf; I made it my business to go to both of these places and the landlord and landlady at the White-horse, said, they had not seen any such man.
Prisoner's defence. I was drinking very late, one 
               
                  George
                   Thompson
               



             asked me to carry it to Queen-street, to the White-horse, and having had a drop more liquor than I should, I took it; I have sent to his lodgings several times, but I cannot find him.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMAN SERJEANT.
