





107. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOPMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of October
, five linen shirts, value 12s. five pair of cotton stockings, value 6s. five pair of worsted stockings, value 9s. three pair of thread stockings, value 4s. two kerseymere waistcoats, value 4s. a velveret waistcoat, value 4s. two pair of thickset breeches, value 5s. a pair of velveteen breeches, value 10s. a linen smock frock, value 1s. 6d. a pair of leather shoes, value 4s. a silk handkerchief, value 12d. a muslin handkerchief, value 12d. a velveteen coat, value 30s. a guinea, and eight shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Horn
               




            .


                  THOMAS
                   HORN
               



             sworn.
I live servant
 to Mr. Blackburn, at Bush-hill, Edmonton


: On Monday the 24th of October, between nine and ten in the evening, I missed my things; I had seen them about seven in the evening, in a room over the stable, where the two coachmen and I sleep, they were in a bag; there was a guinea in gold, and eight shillings and six-pence in silver, in my waistcoat pocket, that hung on a peg, it had been there a day or two; I missed the things mentioned in the indictment, (repeating them.)
Q. Were all these things in the bag? - A. No; some were on the peg.
Q. Was any part of your apparel left behind? - A. Only a coat I had on; I had but one penny in the world.
Q. Did you see any thing of the prisoner that day? - A. Yes; about ten or eleven o'clock in the forenoon; he was breaking a young colt for Mr. Blackburn; he used to be there three or four hours in a day.
Q. What time in the afternoon did you see the prisoner? - A. I did not see him at all in the afternoon, I saw him again the next morning; I had no suspicion of him. I did not see any thing of them again till last Monday; I saw a pair of stockings at Worship-street office, in the custody of one of the officers, they were marked R. C. they had been given to me; and I found some more of them at the pawnbroker's the same day.
Q. When was the prisoner taken? - A. Last Friday was se'nnght; he was taken up on suspicion of house-breaking; I went to the office to see if I could see any thing that was mine; I had heard that the duplicates were found upon him.

JOHN NEEDES sworn.
I am a pawnbroker in Brick-lane, Spitalfields;(produces a smock-frock); it was pledged with me on the 15th day of December last, by the prisoner at the bar.
Q. Did he give any account of it when he pledged it? - A. Not that I recollect; it is in the name of 
               
                  William
                   Hockham
               



            , I lent him one shilling and sixpence upon it.
Q. Are you certain the prisoner is the man? - A. Yes.
JAMES 
               
                  WILLIAM
                   TYLER
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, No. 110, Shoreditch; (produces a shirt, and a pair of stockings); they were pledged by a man of the name of William Hockham, the 31st of October; I lent him four shillings on them; I cannot say that the prisoner was the man. I have also a kerseymere waistcoat; (producing it); upon the 28th of October, I took that in of a person of the name of William Hockham.
Q. (To Horn). What led you to these pawnbrokers? - A. The duplicates found upon him.


                  JOHN
                   TRIMMER
               



             sworn.
I am a wheelwright; I work with Mr. Eldridge, a farmer; his house was broke open, and I was at work at the house about ten yards off; a man came down to Edmonton, and said, there were some things found that had been stole from there; and we found a pair of stockings, marked R. C. in a bag.
Q. Where were they found? - A. Upon the prisoner, in Mr. Rombold's out-house, on Friday the 8th of this month.
Q. Was he taken up before you found the things? - A. No.
Q. You cannot tell how that bag came there, of your own knowledge? - A. No.
Q. You found in that bag, however, a pair of stockings? - A. Yes; and a white handkerchief, or a neckcloth, I cannot tell which.
Q. Did you find any pawnbroker's duplicates? - A. Yes, after that, at the Rose and Crown, at Edmonton; we watched in the shed, to see who would come for these things; and we saw him come in about half past eleven.
Q. Was any body with him? - A. No; as soon as he came in, a man laid hold of him; he said, don't hurt me, I will not resist; I caught hold of him by the collar, and told him, if he did, I would knock him down; I took him out of the shed, to a gate; a man said to him, he had got himself into the worst hobble he ever had got into; he said, he could not help it, he should be transported for it, he supposed; I had known him a great while, but never heard any thing ill of him before; I asked him what he had got about him, and he pulled out a red-morocco pocket-book, with five duplicates in it; (producing them)
Q. (To Needes.) Look at these duplicates, and see if any of them correspond with your's? - A. Yes; here is one for a smock-frock.
Q. (To Tyler.) Look among these duplicates, and see if you know any of them? - A. Yes; two of them, a shirt and a pair of stockings, 4s. 31st October; a waistcoat, 2s. 28th of October; both in the name of Hotham.
JAMES BROOKES sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, this bag (producing it,) was pledged at my shop, but the person that took it in could not swear to the prisoner.
Trimmer. I have the duplicates that were found upon the prisoner.
Q. (To Brookes.) Look at those duplicates, and see if there is one for that bag? - A. There is a bag, sixpence, the 17th of November; this corresponds with the duplicate that was upon the bag; it is in my mistress's hand-writing.
Horn. This is the bag that the clothes were in; the waistcoat is mine, it is marked R. C. I bought it of the person that gave me the stockings; these stockings I cannot swear to, there is no particular mark, but they are very much like mine; this shirt is mine, there were a pair of silver buttons in the sleeves.
Q. They are not there now, I suppose? - A. No; this is my frock, it has a stain behind the collar, and is worn at one wrist.
Prisoner's defence. They took away a handkerchief, and a pair of stockings from me, that are my own property, I hope I shall have them again.
Court. I can make no order about that.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 27.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMPSON
               



            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


