





402. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DENHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Dodson
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of six in the forenoon, on the 21st of June
, the said 
                     
                        William
                         Dodson
                     



                  , and others, of his family, being therein, and feloniously stealing therein, two mens linen shirts, value 10s. a silk handkerchief, value 4s. a linen pocket handkerchief, value 6d. three muslin neck handkerchiefs, value 2s. eight childs linen caps, value 4s. a muslin apron, value 6d. and a child's callico frock, value 2s. his property
            .
The witness examined separate.


                  WILLIAM
                   DODSON
               



             sworn.
I live in King-street, Golden-square, in the parish of St. James's


. On the 21st of June, in the morning, about six o'clock, my wife came up and told me that she was robbed, and I went out, and I found the publican was in quest of a man that came out of the house with a bundle in his apron.
Q. How was the robbery committed? - In at the back parlour window; I found the window open, and these things were found in the yard; the window was open out wardly, it opened that way, it was not broke nor forced; I had been in that room that morning to light a fire there.
Q. How was the window at that time? - I don't know, because I had no business at the window.
Q. Had you left any part of the property in that room? - Yes; I found the things that were in St. James's watch-house, (the prisoner was there) in thecourse of half an hour after I was alarmed.


                  ANN
                   DODSON
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of William Dodson, the prosecutor. On the 24th of June, I heard somebody going along the passage very softly, I was in the front parlour; it was a few minutes past six in the morning.
Q. Had you been in the back parlour that morning? - No, I did not hear him go up stairs, and I listened, and I went to look for the clothes that my nurse had told me, she had hung out in the yard the night before, (I had lain in three weeks,) and I went and looked into the yard, and saw the window was open, and I returned, and I heard somebody go from the yard to the street door, and I turned my head and saw a dish of clothes were empty; while I was in the back parlour I heard the steps of a person returning from the yard towards the street door; I then opened the front parlour, and turned my head towards the yard, and saw the dish of clothes empty, and turning my head the other way I saw the prisoner with something in his apron. The yard and passage is adjoining.
Q. When had you seen that linen with the dish before? - I left it about nine o'clock the over night, in the back parlour.


                  Q. 
               


            Whereabouts was the prisoner when you saw him? - He was, I suppose, about two yards from me, in the passage, I perceived he had got something in his apron; I told him he was a thief, and he said, ma'am, I have either taken or got; I don't know which was the expression, and then he ran away.


                  Q. 
               


            Had you ever seen the prisoner before? - Not to my knowledge. I called to a neighbour and told him that I was robbed, and he pursued him, but did not take him, but he gave the alarm and he was taken, and I have seen the linen since, part of it I had in my own possession; here is one man's shirt, a man's night cap, a child's tippet, a handkerchief, a child's shirt, eight child's caps, a must a apron, and a child's callico frock. All these things were in the dish the night before; I received them at the justice's in Marlborough street.
JOHN GUTCHLEY sworn.
I am watch house keeper of St. James's parish. On the morning of the 21st of June, the prisoner was brought into the watch house by two butchers, Goodwin and Mason, about half past six in the forenoon; I searched him, and found on him this silk handkerchief, in his left hand coat pocket; the people that brought him in, brought in the other things.
Prosecutrix. I know the handkerchief to be mine, it laid on a basket close to the dish.
Prisoner to Prosecutor. Do you know that handkerchief? - Yes; there is 
               
                  R.
                   A. 
               



            on it, 17.
Court. How came it to have that mark on it? - The Rev. Mr. Andrews, of Greathill, in Middlesex, made me a present of the handkerchief.
Prisoner. Mr. Dodson, who was that man that came with you to the watch-house when I was confined? - Nobody.
Q. Do not you recollect a man coming in to day to me, and you told me I wanted a silk handkerchief, but you would give me a bit of hemp.
Prisoner. There was a man came with him, I don't know who the man is, I rather thought it was his brother, and he said to him, you have got my handkerchief in your pocket; the man that came to me owned the handkerchief, and he said it was his property.
Court to Prosecutrix. How long had your husband had that handkerchief? - I cannot say exactly, it is some months since.
- BURDEN sworn.
I saw the young man, the prisoner at the bar, come out of the house of Mr. Dodson's with something in his apron, I was in my own house, it was about a quarter after six; I gave the alarm; I did not see the property taken from him, he ran away, and I ran after him, and called stop thief! I did not see him stopped; I live right opposite the prosecutor.
Prisoner. You say you live right opposite the house; why did not you stop me when I came out of the house? - Because I did not know till Mrs. Dodson came out in her shift, and gave the alarm.


                  SAMUEL
                   GOODWIN
               



             sworn.
I was standing at Carnaby Market, the 21st of June, about six o'clock, I heard somebody cry stop thief! the prisoner ran through the market; I followed him, and he turned into a court, and crossed Marlborough-court, and went into a passage; I came up to him, and asked him what he had in his apron? He gave me no answer; I looked into his apron and saw some linen; I asked him where he got it from? he made answer, he picked it up in the street; I got a blue apron of a lady that lives in our market, to tie up the property in; I tied it up and took it down to the watch house; a watchman took the prisoner to the watch house; I delivered the linen into Mr. Gutchley's hands.
- GUTCHLEY sworn.
I tied up the things and carried it to the justice's in Marlborough street, the next day, and this shirt, and two handkerchiefs, he tied up in a sheet of paper and sealed it, and delivered it to me, and the rest of the things he gave to Mrs. Dodson to carry home to dry, because they were so wet, he was afraid they would be spoiled.
Mrs. Dodson. The shirt is my husband's by the mark W. D. and the linen handkerchief R. D. they were in the dish.
Prisoner. The prosecutors they did not detain me at first without first settling who would be in it; that were the expressions they used, I don't know their meaning. I found these things at the corner of Marlborough-street; I was going about six o'clock in the morning to get a clean shirt of my aunt, who lives in Cranbourn Market; on going to the corner of Marlborough-street I saw that very silk handkerchief with the bundle tied up in it; I opened it to see what it was, and I put the things into my apron, and going on, this gentleman stopped me. I have no witness, I did not with my friends to know my distress.




               GUILTY, Of stealing the goods, but not breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .(Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
