





315. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MORRIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of October
, a silver watch, value 15s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Brooks
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Const.


                  WILLIAM
                   BROOKS
               



             sworn. - On Monday the 3d of October, 1796, in the afternoon, I lost my watch, at John Brown's, at the sign of the Rising-sun, at Enfield


, the prisoner and his brother were there at the same time: I fell asleep and lost it out of my pocket; I had been asleep about two hours, and being in company with the prisoner, I accused him of it, and he said, he did not know any thing of it; I am sure I had it in my waistcoat pocket when I fell asleep, I slept with my head on the table. About eight months after, I heard that the prisoner had pawned a watch; I went to the pawnbroker's, in Redcross-street, to see it, and there was my watch pawned, in his name, for fifteen shillings.(Jonathan Trott, the constable, produced the watch).
Brooks. This is my watch, it has my name engraved on the back-side.
Court. Q. You did not feel it go from you? - A. No.
Court. Q. Were you perfectly sober? - A. No; I was rather fresh.


                  JAMES
                   MEAD
               



             sworn. - I worked with the prisoner at times, and as he and I were walking up Redcross-street, the prisoner pointed to a pawnbroker's-shop, and said, he had pawned his watch there for fifteen shillings. I mentioned it to my brother, and he mentioned it to Brooks.


                  JOHN
                   THOMAS
               



             sworn. - I am shopman to 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Bottomley
               



            , a pawnbroker: I received this watch, on the 4th of October, 1796, in the name of Thomas Morris, of Enfield; I do not know that the prisoner is the man.


                  JONATHAN
                   TROTT
               



             sworn. - On the 16th of June, 1797, I received a warrant to apprehend the prisoner at the bar: I took him at Luton, in Bedfordshire, on the 6th of March.
Prisoner's defence. I went to the privy. and found this watch lying upon the seat, and I came into the house and enquired if any body owned such a thing, and nobody owned it.
GUILTY (Aged 34.)
Of 


               stealing, but not privily from his person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
