







130. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HOWARD
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ISAACS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th day of January
 last, eight pounds and a quarter of mutton, value 6 s. six pounds and a quarter of beef, value 3 s. 6 d. and three pounds and three quarters of pork, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Turner
                  




               
            , spinster
.


                  ALICE
                   CHAMSIDE
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mrs. Turner, Upper Norton-street, No. 48.


 On Saturday evening, the 16th of January, my mistress bought some meat; and I put it in the safe; and on the next morning it was gone; the safe is in the yard; the safe-door was open when I got up about eight on the Sunday morning; the butcher's name is Shuttleworth; he sent the meat in on the Saturday; I saw it at the watch-house between twelve and one on the Sunday; I am sure that meat was my mistress's property.
- LOVETT sworn.
(Deposed to the same effect as on the last trial.)
Prisoner Isaacs. Lovett said if we could arise five shillings apiece, he would not appear against us.
Lovett. I deny it.


                  EDWARD
                   SHUTTLEWORTH
               



             sworn.
I am a butcher; I live in Tottenham-court-road. On the 15th of January, Mrs. Turner bought some meat of me; I sent it home by one of my boys; and on the Monday I went to Poland-street, and saw the meat there; I am sure it was the same meat; the leg of mutton had a piece of the flap cut off.
Prisoner Howard. The meat ought to have been weighed.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
