





306. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of May
, a linen handkerchief, value 2s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     George Adam 
                     Davis
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   ADAM DAVIS
               



             sworn.
On Tuesday, the 26th of May, in Leadenhall street


, by Catharine Cree church, I had my pocket picked by the prisoner, about nine o'clock in the evening, I felt him at my pocket, and felt, and found my handkerchief was gone, I see him cross the way, and I went after him, and took the handkerchief out of his hand.
Q. When you felt somebody at your pocket, did you see the prisoner then? - I did not; I see him crossing the way from me, and I found I had lost my handkerchief, I went over and collared him with the handkerchief in his hands.


                  GEORGE
                   SMILEY
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I was going along Houndsditch, and I heard a great noise, and I went over the way, and this young man gave me charge of the prisoner and this handkerchief, which he said he had picked his pocket of.
Prisoner. I had been over to my aunt's, at Lambeth, and at half after eight o'clock, coming down Leadenhall-street, coming down the pavement, I kicked this handkerchief before me, and I picked it up, and carried it open in my hand, and this gentleman came up, and said, it was his handkerchief that I had picked his pocket of, and then he said he did not believe it, and that gentleman, the constable, came up, and said, I will take care of you, and get a new coat out of you.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 40.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
