





120. 
               
                  
                     ANDREW 
                     BURKE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th day of February
, 47 lb. weight of lead, value 3 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Allowley
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   ALLOWLEY
               



             sworn.
I lost some lead within a week; I have lost a great deal.


                  JOHN
                   WATMAN
               



             sworn.
The 8th day of this month, it was Wednesday was se'nnight, the dust came in upon the beasts; I looked up, and saw the lead was taken off; then I got up, and missed it.


                  HUGH
                   O'DONNEL
               



             sworn.
I am patrol of St. Giles's: on Thursday the 9th instant, my partner, 
               
                  John
                   Brown
               



            , and I were standing in Tottenham-court; we saw the prisoner; he crossed the way, and we thought he had something about him that was stolen; we followed him to an old-iron shop; he put down a bag, in which there was lead; I searched him, and found more lead in his pocket; I delivered the lead to Brown.
(Produces it.)


                  JOHN
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I received this lead from O'Donnel; I tried it, and fitted it; I returned the same lead to O'Donnel.
Allowley. I cannot say that this is my lead; I have lost a large quantity.
Watman. I have compared it to the place; I saw the patrol do it; this lead will cover a part of the place; every part matched; Brown and I fitted it on; the nail-holes matched.
Brown. I carried the lead to the premises; it fitted as far as it went.
Prisoner. I found the lead in a bag.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
