





157. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FERGUSSON
                  




               
             (a Black
) was indicted for that 


               he, on the 2d day of March
, 10 lb. of lead, of the goods and chattels of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Mitchell
                        




                     
                  , did rip and cut, with intent to steal
            , against the statute.


                  JAMES
                   MITCHELL
               



             sworn.
We have a rope-ground; 
               
                  John
                   Mayor
               



             and 
               
                  William
                   Moffat
               



             are interested in the walk; it is near Limehouse-hole; it is covered with tiles; over this rope-ground there is a road runs at right angles; on theright-hand, as you pass the road, is a building called the rigging-house, the gable-ends are eight feet high: when I came home, the prisoner was in custody: I examined the premises on the 3d of March, and found the lead ripped from the two gutters between the rigging-house and rope-house, not taken away; it was ripped from the nailing, and left there, and two marks of a knife; the tiles were taken off, and a hole made in the roof of the buildings.


                  GEORGE
                   SCATES
               



             sworn.
I am foreman to Messrs. Mitchell and Co.: I was going down their premises; I heard the tiles rattle; I stepped out a little, and saw the prisoner taking the tiles off; I waited some time; next morning I searched, and found the lead ripped; there were two or three feet ripped from the nails; I cannot tell the weight of the lead.
A WITNESS sworn.
I was coming from the water-side; I heard there was a thief; I was set to watch him; I saw him laying in the gutter; I watched him till he dropped through the hole; then he came towards the gate, and I took him.


                  THOMAS
                   HEBTHORPE
               



             sworn.
Corroborated the testimony of the last witness.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 30.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Lord KENYON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


