





569. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROYCROFT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               wilful and corrupt perjury
            .
Mr. Knowlys. Gentlemen of the Jury, you have had to execute your duty hitherto, in the course of the present session, in cases of felony, and though felony is a crime of higher malignity than that which is imputed to the prisoner at the bar, namely, that of a misdemeanor, I believe you will find, in at ending to the case now before you, that this case will not less deserve your attention than any case of felony that has been before produced for your judgment. Gentlemen, the crime imputedto the prisoner at the bar, is the crime of perjury; and when I call to your recollection, that it is only upon the sacred sanction of an oath that you have already had to decide upon the lives and liberties of your fellow-citizens, you will agree with me, that unless the sanction of an oath can be depended upon, the bands of society are dissolved at once, and it would be impossible for man to depend upon man, or that the purposes of society can go on; it therefore highly behoves us, that if the crime of perjury be brought home to any man, upon fair and just evidence, that crime should meet with the severest punishment the law can possibly inflict upon the defendant.
Gentlemen, as I know perfectly well, that in this observation I have just made, every one of you must coincide with me; it will become my duty to state to you the nature of the accusation against this man, and the circumstances which I am told I shall establish in evidence before you, upon which you will have to judge whether he is justly accused or not, and whether, in discharge of your duty, you will turn him over to that punishment which the law inflicts upon those persons who are, to the satisfaction of a Jury, found guilty of that crime. The crime of which the prisoner is accused, is said to have been committed at Guildhall, before Lord Kenyon. The indictment states, that an action was brought by a man of the name of Maclaughlin, against a captain 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Huntley
               



            , that it became a material question, whether the prisoner had ever said, that captain Benjamin Huntley had given him a note of 150l. and whether he had promised to make it up a thousand pounds, or else that he the prisoner would hang him, the said Benjamin Huntley; and whether the prisoner, now at the bar, had not said, that he would take that note to the wise of captain Benjamin Huntley; and that she would pay that sum of 150l. to save her husband from being hanged. It states that, upon that trial, the prisoner at the bar swore to the following effect, that he, the prisoner, never said to any body, that captain Huntley had given him a note for 150l. and that he would make him make it up 1000l. or he would cause captain Huntley to be hanged; and that he never said, he would take the note to Mrs. Huntley, and that she would be glad to cash it to save her husband's life; and, gentlemen, after having said, that that was so sworn by him, the indictment goes on to state, that every particle, and every tittle the prisoner had sworn on that occasion, was directly false to the prejudice of captain Huntley, to the total perversion of justice, and to the ruin of every person who could be brought in to a Court of Justice. Gentlemen, having stated the nature of the charge, it becomes my duty to state the circumstances of that action upon which the prisoner was called as a witness, and to state to you under what circumstances I seek to ask your verdict of guilty against him.
Gentlemen, the prosecutor of this indictment, Mr. Huntley, was captain of the ship Friendship, of London, and on the 9th of June, 1794, was on his voyage to Smyrna; he was not only captain of that ship, but owner of it, and had proved to the satisfaction of many persons, that he had insured that ship for a less value than the ship was of; he had insured the freight to a less amount than the freight would amount to, and in pursuing his voyage towards Smyrna, he happened to descry a French fleet; every thing that the resolution of an able, skilful, and an honest man could exert upon that occasion he exerted to escape from the enemy; from the course they took they so hemmed him in that he was obliged to strike; however, they not sending their boats on board him, as an enemy to the French, and wishing to preserve his ship, he altered his course and attempted to escape, which but for the villainy of that crew, of whom the prisoner was one, he would have had a chance so to have done; however, they refused to co-operate, and they were taken. While they were in the French prison the crew insisted upon it that he should give them notes to a considerable amount, or else they would, one and all, accuse him of having (voluntarily and with a view to the prejudice of the country, and to the commerce of the country to which he belonged voluntarily thrown himself into the power of the enemy and occasioned the capture; but with the intrepidity and the honesty which belonged to a captain commanding an English vessel, he set their threats at defiance, and refused to accede to any such terms; the prisoner at the bar, with three or four more of that crew, were exchanged and put on board a cartel ship and sent to England; on board that ship, unknown to them, captain Huntley had been exchanged likewise, and arrived in England.
Gentlemen, the first step they took was to ruin the reputation of captain Huntley; before they proceeded to any farther extremities, the prisoner acting with them, made his appearance in the town of Gosport and providentially for captain Huntley (for the wicked are short-sighted, and a wicked conspiracy against the life of any man, will most probably, by that good Providence which over hangs us and over fees use, be defeated, because falsehood does not hang well together), he chose to make his vaunt of this, and in a public-house called the North Country Sailor, in Gosport, he made his appearance; luckily for the prosecutor of this indictment a Mr. Birmingham, an inhabitant of that place, and a Mr. M'Ewen were present; he stated that he was just come over from France; that he hadbeen on board the Friendship, commanded by captain Huntley, but that captain Huntley, like a scoundrel as he was, had thrown himself in the way of the enemy, and had given himself up a voluntary capture to the enemy, which he stated in way that if it were true would have affected captain Huntley's life, and captain Huntley would deservedly have suffered on the gallows; he stated that he had insured his ship and freight far beyond their value, and that therefore with intent to defraud the underwriters, he had surrendered his ship that he might afterwards call upon the underwriters and fix them for a much larger amount than the freight: Oh, say they we have been with the captain in prison, and to induce us to hold our tongues upon the subject, he has given us every one notes to a considerable amount to prevent our disclosing it; and he pulls out of his pocket, in a vaunting manner, a note for 150l. apparently the drawing of captain Huntley, in favour of him (the prisoner Roycroft); and says he, captain Huntley not being in the way, I shall take it up to Mrs. Huntley, and I know she will give me cash for it to save her husband's life; and unless he makes it up 1000l. I will hang him, and then I shall retire to Ireland, buy a cow, and live comfortably. These gentlemen were perfectly assured that the story he was telling was a lie, and Mr. Birmingham, with a zeal which captain Huntley and the public must ever thank him for, asked him to look at it; he took the opportunity to withdraw and make a memorandum of the note, upon which he found who was the drawer, and in whose favour it was drawn; he immediately wrote a letter to Mrs. Huntley, the captain's wife, telling her of the soul conspiracy that was carrying on against her husband's life; he thought it was his duty so to do. That being the case, it rested for that time; however, finding that the captain would not accede to their request, application was made to the underwriters to refuse payment; but to the honour of the captain be it spoken, every one of those gentlemen (whose interest and whose duty to the public calls upon them to dispute any claim of capture not founded in justice) paid that for which they had underwritten, except one, who had not the power of paying it, being insolvent-therefore for this time their scheme was defeated; but they got into the hands (for there are wicked hands enough in this town, who will give effect for their own interest to any wicked conspiracy that may be entered into against any honest person), of an attorney, who said it was true they had failed in this instance, but he would put them in a way of giving effect to their conspiracy though to a less amount; he persuaded every one of these persons to bring actions against captain Huntley, which actions, if they had been founded in justice, ought to have sent captain Huntley to the gallows. The scheme was this, that four or five of them (for the rest of the crew had been impressed on board different ships of war), should bring actions against the captain; that they should alledge that he had voluntarily and negligently thrown himself in the way of the enemy, by which they had lost their wages, their cloaths, and the little property belonging to them, and had sustained a long imprisonment in the prisons of the French nation; and that they should lay their damages at such extent as they in their moderation should think proper to lay them. This scheme, as you may suppose, being proposed to them by a man who had the means of carrying it into execution, was instantly acceded to by them in the room of enforcing the demand of the payment of that note, by the exhibition of which they must die if it turned out to be a forgery. This action was brought, not by the prisoner, because he could not be a witness in an action brought by himself; the first action to be tried, was an action, brought by a person of the name of Maclaughlin, a cook on board this ship, and upon that action, the prisoner at the bar appeared as a witness; captain Huntley knew very well what he had been doing at Gosport; the prisoner swore most positively to his throwing himself in the way of the enemy, and proved the case of Maclaughlin very clearly, as any witness may prove facts that are set down for him to swear; but in this country, thank God, witnesses are submitted to cross-examination, which is the true test of truth, and upon that cross-examination it was, that not suspecting that captain Huntley had heard of this conduct of his, this question was put-Has not captain Huntley given you a note for 150l. to hold your tongue upon the business? - A. No, says he, he has never given me such a note. How can you go for this small amount of wages, when you have 150l. due to you? - He denied that captain Huntley had ever given him such a note. It occurred them to captain Huntley's Counsel to put the next question to him; - Why, have you never said that captain Huntley had given you a note for 150l. to hold your tongue upon the occasion? - No, never, says he; totally unsuspecting that his wicked conduct at Gosport, and his attempt to defame the character of captain Huntley, was known. - Why, did you never say to two gentlemen, whom they named to him, that captain Huntley had given you a note for 150l. and unless he made it up 1000l. you would hang him? - Gentlemen, though warned of that circumstance he persisted in saying, no; it was a fact he could not he ignorant of, if it passed. - No, I never said any such thing. - Did you never say you wouldtake the note to Mrs. Huntley and she would cash it to save her husband's life? - No, say he, I never said any such thing.
Those two gentlemen whom I shall call before you as witnesses to-day, were confronted with him upon the trial at Guildhall


, they swore then in positive contradiction to that man, upon which the Counsel in support of the claim, find it was a soul and wicked conspiracy to defame the character of captain Huntley, threw up their brief with indignation. Lord Kenyon immediately commanded him to be committed for wilful and corrupt perjury, and he was instantly committed to the jail of Newgate.
Gentlemen, if you can suppose it possible, that a man could have made such declarations, in September, 1795. and forgot them in June, 1796, you have my free will to acquit him; if you think he could not have forgot it, the only question for you to try, is, did he make use of such expressions? To this I will produce the evidence of two as respectable men as can be produced upon such an occasion, who can have no interest in the subject, who cannot have imagined such a thing, because Mr. Birmingham, the moment he heard it, thought it so soul a conspiracy against the fortune and life of captain Huntley, that it was necessary to acquaint Mrs. Huntley with it; the other gentleman who was in company, will tell you the same, If he said so, is it possible for him to have forgot it; he has, upon his oath, when he knew the importance of the matter, denied, that he had said so; that constitutes the crime, of which he is accused; I shall prove that he did make use of these expressions, and, that when he found he could not support the cause of Maclaughlin a moment, if he owned it, he solemnly denied that he had said so. The conclusion follows, of course that he has been guilty of the foul and wicked perjury imputed to him, and unless we can keep the channels of evidence pure, there is an end of property, there is an end of liberty, there is an end of life, and there is an end of the society in which we live, because the sanction and obligation of an oath, is the only thing by which society can be kept together. If I prove these facts, I think you must find him guilty; the punishment must be with the Court: any punishment short of death, certainly cannot be too great for the man, who has foully, deliberately, and with a wicked intent, come into a Court of Justice, to deliver that upon oath, which shall affect the character, reputation, and ultimately, the life of the man, against whom he gives that evidence. I shall call the witnesses, and if you are satisfied that what he has sworn, is false, you will consign him over to the judgment of the Court; and you will feel, that not punishment can be too severe for so foul a crime.
Mr. 
               
                  Samuel
                   Wegener
               



             (captain Huntley's Solicitor), 
               
                  Richard
                   Birmingham
               



            , James M'Ewen, 
               
                  Michael
                   Malone
               



            , and captain Huntley, were called, who proved all the circumstances of the case stated by Mr. Knowlys.
The prisoner put in a written defence, which was read by Mr. Shelton, as follows;
Mr. Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury, The unfortunate prisoner at the bar, is by trade a mariner, and shipped himself on board the Friendship, captain Huntley, bound for Smyrna, on the 1st of June, 1794; the prosecutor had insured the above vessel for more than her value, with intent to give her to the enemy. On the 19th, we fell in with the French fleet, but had plenty of time to get out of the way, had the prosecutor acted properly; I being second mate, told all hands, if they would join me, I would carry the ship back to England; the prosecuter said, the first man that offered to take the ship out of his hands, he would hang at the yard arm. The hands being all in confusion, he said, he only wanted to speak that frigate, that was the Ambuscade, which answered his end in quieting them, till we had got into their hands. I told him in prison I should acquaint the under-writers with his proceedings, for I thought they were villainous; when I had made my escape from the French prison, I landed at Gosport, and proceeded to my attorney's. I was suing my prosecutor, and afterwards saw the ship's husband, who told me to go to the attorney, and settle it, as it would injure him. I told him it must be settled by my attorney. - The prosecutor finding I was determined to explain the whole affair, found means to obtain two men to swear things I never said, thought, nor did, and for what I stand indicted; I am as innocent as the child unborn, therefore I hope your Lordship and the Jury will take my case into consideration; it is a piece of enmity through my endeavouring to explain the business to those who were defrauded; even the French captain told my prosecutor, that he had robbed the owners and merchants; the prosecutor made answer, the vessel was his own; the French captain made answer, and said, the more is the pity that you should be master of a two-oared boat; if they were all like you, the war would have been over long ago; I have pity for your men, but none for you.
Mr. Knowlys. (To Captain Huntley.) Q. Your ship was insured? - A. Yes.
Q. And have the under-writers all paid you? - A. Yes, except one who was insolvent, and he has paid 50l. towards it.
Q. I ask you upon your oath, as a christian, and as a man, did you give that ship away, or wasit taken by force? - A. Our force was only six guns of three and four pounders, and there were three frigates in chace of us; we surrendered to one of forty-eight guns, of eighteen and twelve pounders; there was no possibility of escape.
Prisoner. Q. Did I ever misbehave, or disobey orders, on board the ship? - A. No; only at the time we were taken, when the French began to fire over us, the prisoner said, lie down, lads, lie down, or you will be all shot; and then they flew from the helm, and we were obliged to give the ship up. 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 39.) 


               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
