






536. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TILBURY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  COLEMAN
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing on the twenty-first of July
, three Marseilles cotton counterpanes, value 5l.
             the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Newcomb
               




            .


                  John
                   Rose
               



            , Hatrick Shine, 
               
                  Robert
                   Blasson
               



            , George Longdon, Ann Aberdeen, and Stephen Taylor, were severally sworn, and gave the same evidence as on the former trial, No. 482.


                  JOHN
                   BOUKER
               



             sworn.
I keep an upholstery warehouse on Tower hill. I am waiting on another trial.
Q. Did you expect this trial to come. on? - Not a bit.
Doorkeeper. He insisted upon coming; he knocked at the door very vehement.
Bouker. These now produced are Marseilles bed quilts.
Q. Are they counterpanes? - They are not; these are a more valuable thing than a counterpane; the difference is very great. A counterpane is tusted, and these are quilted in a loom.
Q. Then the counterpanes are not quilted in a loom? - They may. I do not know how they are done.
Q. What is the use of a covering? - It is a white covering for a bed; we use it for the same purpose as we do a bed quilt.
Q. To 
               
                  Ann
                   Aberdeen
               



            . What name do these things go by? - I always call them Marseilles cotton counterpanes; another person may call them different. I have lived in other families, and they have called them the same.
Mr. Alby. Do you suppose yourself as good a judge as an upholsterer? - Do you with to confuse me; possibly I may not be.
Q. Do you know any thing of the manufacture? - I am a stranger to manufactures, it is not my profession.
The prisoner Coleman called three witnesses to his character.


                  John
                   Tilbury
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 24.)




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  William
                   Coleman
               



            , 

               Not GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ROOKE.
