





34. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     CHALMERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing thirteen glass bottles, value 3s. one pint and a half of Port wine, value 2s. a pint and a half of Vidonia wine, value 2s. a pint and a half of Lisbon wine value 2s. a pint and a half of Madeira wine, value 2s. a pint and a half of Sherry, value 2s. a pint and a half of Tent wine, value 2s. a pint and a half of Calcavella, value 2s. four pints and a half of rum, value 6s. and three pints of brandy, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Allnutt
                  




               
            , November 16
.(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys).
CHRISTIANA FLEMING sworn.
The prisoner at the bar lodged at my house three weeks all but one night; I am a poor widow woman; I live in Barking Churchyard; I observed him coming through the house, several times, with a bottle in his pocket; when he first came, I observed him bring an empty hamper, and it stood in the room a considerable time; and between eight and nine, he brought in some straw; he said it was to pack up some tea, he was going to send to Scotland; an acquaintance of mine called upon me, and I told him what I observed; he brought down the hamper upon his shoulder; it appeared to be full: he lodged in the first floor.

Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. - Q. You are a poor widow woman; do you carry on any business? - A. I spin a little, and take in a little washing.
Q. Nothing else, a little; how many ladies lodge in your house? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            None.
Q. What gentleman was that called upon you? - A. It was not a gentleman, it was an acquaintance of mine; a taylor that works for his bread.
- HARRISON sworn.
I am foreman to Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Allnutt
               



            : the prisoner was his cooper; he had been in his service about three weeks; I have very often seen him write.
Q. Look at that paper; do you believe that to be his hand-writing? - A. Yes.
Q. Look at that, and see if you believe that to be his? - A. Yes.
Q. Look at that, and see whether that is his writing? - A. Yes, it is: In consequence of some information, I went with Mr. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Allnutt
               



            , on Monday the 23d of November, about four in the afternoon, to the prisoner's lodgings in Barking Church-yard, at Mrs. Fleming's, up one-pair-of-stairs; the prisoner was not at home; I saw him afterwards; I searched the house before I saw him; I found a bottle of red port secreted under his bed; we did not find any thing more then, but got a constable, and returned to the counting-house; the constable was with us when we found this bottle of wine; we left it then, and returned to the counting-house, and called up the prisoner out of the vaults; I accused him of robbing Mr. Allnutt, in the presence of Mr. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Allnutt
               



            , the constable, George Taverner, and a Mr. Munday, who is not here; he denied it; we told him of a hamper, which we supposed contained wine; he said it did not contain wine, but that it contained china; I told him he had been seen to take a hamper across Tower-hill: we then went to his lodgings, and upon going into the room, he took this bottle of port from under his bed, and he accounted for it in this way-that it was the remaining bottle of three bottles of wine that he had bought in Bond-street, and it was the only wine he had ever had since he came to London: we then desired him to open his trunk, and on opening his trunk, there were three bottles of rum, and a number of letters, and other papers; and among those papers I found a lift of the wine which the hamper contained.
Q. Look at that, and tell me whether that is the paper? - A. Yes, it is; and I found the wharfinger's receipt for a hamper at Glasgow wharf, and a counter part of the letter dated the 25th of November.
Q. Is that the thing you say you found? - A. Yes.
Q. And is this the hand-writing of the prisoner? - A. Yes; I went to Hawley's wharf; he said it was a contrivance to take away his character: he was examined before the Lord-Mayor, and the examination taken in writing.(The hamper was produced in Court).
Q. Look at the direction, and tell us if you know the hand-writing of that direction? - A. It is the prisoner's hand-writing.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You seem extremely well acquainted with the prisoner's hand-writing; how often have you seen him write? - A. There is a book in which he entered every thing daily.
Q. Do you mean to say you have such a knowledge of his hand-writing as to swear to it positively? - A. Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            When you went first to the prisoner's lodgings, he was not there? - A. No.
Q. How long had this man lived with you? - A. Three weeks within a day or two.
Q. Was there any money delivered to you to take care of for him? - A. Yes; 81. 3s. 6d. his attorney came to me upon his second examination, and asked me for it, and I gave it him.
Q. Was it delivered up to him by your own voluntary movement, or by the direction of the magistrate? - A. The magistrate did not give any such direction; he said it would be better to give it up, which I did.


                  THOMAS
                   ALLNUTT
               



             sworn.
I am the brother of the prosecutor: I went to the prisoner's lodgings with Mr. Harrison, the clerk; and I am not certain whether I went with George or not; but I went to the constable, and desired him to come before I did any thing; and as I thought I might do something improper without him, we did nothing till he came: we found a bottle of red wine under the bed; we searched all over the room after we had found the bottle of wine;I said I thought it was high time we called the prisoner: I told him I had very strong suspicions he had robbed the cellar; and asked him for the key of his box, which he gave me, and the constable opened it.
Q. Was any thing said to the prisoner before you took him to his lodgings? - A. Yes; I taxed him with having had a hamper in his possession; he said it only contained china; he said three bottles of wine was all the wine he had had since he had been in England; and that he had bought them of somebody, I think, in New Bond-street; and we discovered, I think, four bottles of rum, I am not certain.
Q. Did you find any thing else in his box? - A. Yes; a great many papers; and, among the rest, one respecting a hamper.
Q. Look at these papers; tell us if you know the hand-writing; and tell us where you found them, if you found them at all? - A. I think this different from his common writing; it seems to be more of a running-hand than his; but this I can swear to be his writing; I believe this to be taken out of his box; but as they were not opened till after I came home, I cannot say; I sent the porter to the wharf.
Q. Look at that, and see if that is the direction you talk of about the hamper? - A. Yes, that is the same direction.


                  Q. 
               


            Look at this paper, and see whether that is his? - A. I believe it is.
Q. How often have you seen him write? - A. Not very often.
Court. Q. Did you specify what hamper you meant? - A. No; I only asked him what the hamper contained, that I understood he had taken to Nightingale-lane.
Q. Be so good as to look at the direction on the hamper? - A. I believe that to be the prisoner's hand-writing.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You told him you had strong suspicions of him? - A. Yes.
Q. And notwithstanding that, he went with you to his lodgings readily? - A. Yes.
Q. And there you found the things, after he had gone so readily with you to his lodgings? - A. Yes.
GEORGE TAVERNER sworn.
I am footman to 
               
                  M. 
               



                  John
                   Alnutt
               



            : I was called as a witness into the counting-house, when the prisoner was called up from the cellar; Mr. Harrison, the clerk, charged him with having robbed Mr. Allnutt, ever since he had been with him; he said he had not; Mr. Harrison asked him what that hamper was that he had packed up at his lodgings; he said, that had nothing to do with Mr. Allnutt, it was china; he repeated it again, at his lodgings, and said it was china.


                  JOSEPH
                   FENNELL
               



             sworn.
I am a constable: I went to the prisoner's lodgings, and found a bottle underneath the bed; after that they wanted me to break the trunk open, which I did not do; we went to the counting-house and took the prisoner; we came back and unlocked the box, and found four bottles more and some papers.
Q. Look at these two papers, and see whether these were part of them? - A. These are two of the papers.
Mr. Knapp to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Allnutt
               



            . Q. Have you any share in this business? - A. None whatever.
Q. Is there any person who has any interest? - A. No, not in the least.
A paper, being an inventory of the wines contained in the hamper was read.
Another paper read.
London, 23d Nov. 1795.
"Your letter of the 4th current duly came"to hand, and I am glad to hear of your well"being; I have shipped on board the Thames,"Captain 
               
                  Pottinger
               


            , for Carroon, one chest of"tea, two pounds of black pepper, and a"small hamper for you. The contents is a"sample of the liquors I have the charge of,"and I have a right to a sample of all the dif-"ferent casks that comes to us."


                  BENJAMIN
                   DENTON
               



             sworn.
I am clerk at the Glasgow wharf; I know the prisoner at the bar; he came to our wharf, upon the 16th of November, with a basket directed for Mrs. Taylor, Glasgow.
Q. Be so good as to look at that basket, and see if that is the thing he brought? - A. That is the basket.
Q. Is it the same direction? - A. Yes; Mrs. Taylor, Drygate Brigde, Glasgow. Glass,with care. To the care of 
               
                  C. 
               


            Macnab, Grange Mouth.
Q. Upon any enquiry made by Mr. Allnutt, did you deliver them that basket? - A. I delivered that basket upon their orders.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. What may you be? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            Clerk to Mr. Pinkerton, proprietor of the Glasgow wharf.


                  Q. 
               


            Had you known the prisoner before? - A. No.
Q. You have a great many persons come to your wharf? - A Yes.
Q. And a great many persons employ your master, of course? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you mean to recollect every person that comes? - A. No, but I recollect the prisoner.
Q. You never had seen this man before, nor never knew him before? - A. No.
Q. And yet you take upon yourself to recollect this man? - A. I do.
Q. Is there any thing particular about him that made you suspect him to be the man? - A. He appeared in the same dress, as near as possible.
Q. That dress is not an uncommon dress, is it? - A. No.
Q. Was there any thing more particular to induce you to recollect that man? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            Nothing particular.
Q. You have been before the magistrate, have you not, and the grand jury? - A. I have.
Q. You know you are come here to speak to the person of the man; upon your oath have you any other knowledge of the person of the man than you would have of any other person that came to your wharf? - A. No.
Q. And yet you take upon you positively to swear to this man? - A. I do.
Q. Though there is nothing particular about him, you swear he is the man? - A. Yes.
Jury. Q. I believe you always, at the wharfs, enter the name of the person they come from? - A. Yes.
Q. In whose name was it entered? - A. Peter Chalmers.
Mr. Knapp. Q. You have not your books here? - A. No.
Mr. Knowlys to Harrison. You said that paper was the hand-writing of the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Q. You found it in the basket? - A. Yes.
Q. That is a list of the contents of the basket? - A. Yes.
Q. Are they articles your master deals in? - A. Yes.(It is read; the counterpart of the other paper.)
Q. You found a bottle of rum? - A. Yes; there were labels upon all the bottles, describing what they contained, in the prisoner's handwriting.
Jury. There was no private mark to the bottles? - A. No.
Jury. Q. I have seen bottles marked with the wine merchant's private marks? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            These had not.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Is it customary for you to allow the coopers to take samples for their own use? - A. By no means.
Court. Q. When the casks come into your cellars, is any drawn off for tasting? - A. No; it sometimes happens that we taste it, by taking a glass.
Mr. Knapp. Q. When spirits are sold, they are sold by samples? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            Sometimes.
Q. Had you the curiosity to taste any of this wine? - A. No, not the wine.
Q. The spirits? - A. No.
Q. Not this afternoon, I suppose? - A. No, not at all.
Evidence for the prisoner.


                  JAMES
                   RALPH
               



             sworn.
I knew the prisoner at Glasgow; I heard him say he had a hamper of rum to send to Glasgow, with some other things; I have known him between five and six years; it is near two years since I saw him; at that time he bore a very good character; he lived with a very respectable gentleman, the chief magistrate of the place.


                  JOHN
               


             M'DERMOTT sworn.
I know the prisoner; he lodged in Barking church-yard, at Mrs. Fleming's: I know he had a hamper full of bottles before he went to Mr. Fleming's.
Q. You don't know what those bottles contained? - A. No; I have known him six or seven years; he always bore a very good character.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Did you go with him to Mrs. Fleming's? - A. No.

Q. You have seen these bottles. I suppose? - A. Yes, I saw him take one out.
Q. You only saw one? - A. Yes, I saw the hamper full at the Twelve Bells.
Q. Did you go to see him at Mrs. Fleming's? - A. Yes.
Q. You had a good deal of wine then, I suppose? - A. A glass of wine and a glass of rum.
Q. How many more friends might he have there? - A. Two others.
Q. Was there any direction upon this hamper? - A. No.


                  RICHARD
                   PAGETT
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Pepys, in the Poultry; I have known the prisoner four years; his character have been most unimpeachable all that time.
Jury. Q. Where did he live before he came to Mr. Allnutt's? - A. Mr. Lamb, in New-bond-street; he fells effence of spruce.
Q. He is not in the wine trade? - A. Not that I know of.
Q. Did you ever see him at this woman's? - A. Yes, I carried him a cork-screw that I made for him.
Q. Did you have any thing to drink with him? - A. Yes, a glass of rum, that, he said, was for his sea store; I went with the last witness.


                  WILLIAM
                   HASWELL
               



             sworn.
I do not know the prisoner; Mr. Harrison came to a shop to enquire for one Pagett, to ask for a watch that belonged to the prisoner; and then he asked for a seal, and the man said he had not seal with the watch when he had it from him, and he gave him the watch into his hand; and he afterwards laid down the watch on the counter, and asked him if he could swear to the property, he said, he could not; if he could, we will hang the villain.
Court. Q. You know nothing of either of the parties? - A. No.
Court. 
               
                  Q. 
               


            And you come here for the sake of public justice? - A. Yes, I was subpoenaed.
Court. 
               
                  Q. 
               


            What are you? - A. A surgeons instrument maker.
Pagett. I was present at the conversation between the last witness and Mr. Harrison; and more that that, he said, they had transported one porter, and hanged another, and they would hang him; I thought it was all a piece of spite and malice.
Prisoner. I know that this is all malice against me, and I am innocent: this man in particular, the porter, told me, I had a right to sell all the beer bottles in the vaults; he wanted me to sell them and give Mr. Allnutt half the money; there was scarce a day but they were trying to bring me into a scrape; I told Mr. Harrison so, and he cannot deny that I told him of these circumstances.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 30.)
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.






