





157. 
               
                  
                     ROWLAND 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 8th of January
, two ounces of gold, value 30 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Page
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   PAGE
               



             sworn.
I am a jeweller
; the prisoner was a servant
 of mine, he had been with me about ten months, he was in the capacity of a porter
, I did not absolutely miss the things, I was sent for from Bow-street, to identify the property, on Tuesday last, I found two ounces of gold which Mr. 
               
                  Heather
               


             the pawnbroker had stopped.
- HEATHER sworn.
The prisoner at the bar brought me two ounces of gold to sell on Tuesday last, I examined it and I discovered it to be several new things broke to pieces, watch keysand trinkets, all broke to pieces; it weighed two ounces nine grains, it is worth about five pounds, I should have given that for it myself, I was in the parlour when the prisoner came, my young man came in and shewed it to me, and I went immediately into the shop, that young man is not here, I sent privately to Bow-street for an officer, I asked the prisoner where he lived and I asked him if that was his gold, he said yes, I examined the gold, and asked where he lived, and he said his name was 
               
                  Henry
                   Thomas
               



            , and he lived in High-street, Lambeth; in the mean time the constable came and he was taken into custody, he was carried immediately to the office, and there he confessed where he stole it, the examination was taken in writing. I have kept that gold from that time to this, the magistrate sent for the prosecutor and he came immediately.
Court to Page. What is the prisoner's name? - 
               
                  Rowland
                   Jones
               



            ; he never lived at Lambeth to my knowledge he had been in my service these ten months past and never slept out of my house once. (The property produced and deposed to.) I had not missed such property, it appears to be watch keys, but about four months since, I found I had lost some gold watch keys, and a part of a gold seal, three links of a chain I had in the shop was gone, the whole weight of the chain was originally ten penny weights, and it was reduced to nearly eight penny weights and there is about three links among these pieces of gold, I can swear it to be the same, from the corresponding pattern, I missed four or five watch keys, and they were of that sort.
Prisoner. They are what I picked up sweeping the shop, the back storehouse, and places about at several times.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 37.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
