






90. 
               
                  
                     JONATHAN 
                     LAYTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of December
, a watch, called a time-piece, the inside case and outside case made of silver, value 30l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Hugh 
                           Lindsey
                        



                     
                  ; a gold watch, value 10l. a gold key, value 10s. and two aornelian seals set in gold, value 20s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Webster
               



            .
JAMES RITCHIE sworn.
I live in Queen-street, Cheapside: I am an officer belonging to the East-India Company; I was commanding officer of the Rockingham East-Indiaman, on the 20th of December last, about eleven o'clock in the forenoon.
Q. Where was the ship lying? - A. At Blackwall


. About eleven o'clock in the forenoon, I missed a time-keeper.
Q. Were you homeward or outward bound? - A. Homeward-bound. I missed it from what we call the round-house; the cabin where I slept myself.
Q. Was this a time-keeper belonging to the ship? - A. It belonged to the captain, the Honourable Hugh Lindsey, for the purpose of determining the longitude.
Q. How long had that time-keeper been in your care? - A. At different times, about six months.
Q. How lately had you seen it before you missed it? - A. On Saturday; I had come from London the night before, on the 19th; I had left the ship on Thursday the 17th; I had left the time-keeper in a mahogany case, made for it, in the round-house, standing upon a card-table.
Q. About what time of the day? - A. I think I saw it last about ten o'clock.
Q. Had the prisoner at the bar any thing to do with the ship? - A. No; he was on board as a visitor; I had no suspicion on Sunday, though I missed it, that it was stolen; I thought some other gentleman laid taken the care of it; I made an enquiry about it, and did not suspect it to be stolen, till the 21st; I looked then, to see if any thing else was missing; I caused a search immediately; I did not search myself; there was a gold watch in the same cabin, in the bureau.
Q. Was that gold watch in your care? - A. I put it there myself; I caused the bureau to be searched for it.
Q. Who did you cause to search it? - A. The third made, who is here.
Q. Were you present when that search was made? - A. There was only an open door between us.
Q. When had you last seen this gold watch in the bureau? - A. About the Tuesday before, which was the 15th; it was in the charge of the third mare, Mr. Eckford; it belonged to Mr. Webster.
Q. Was this bureau your's? - A. No; the captain's; I had the key of it; I had all the keys left with me of that bureau; it is a fixture in the ship; and a book-case over it; it was not locked; I knew nothing more of it till I saw the property at Bow-street.
Q. You had locked none of the drawers of this bureau? - A. No; it was my own room, where none came to, except myself.
Q. Tell us what you know of the prisoner? - A. He came on board, as a visitor to one of the officers; the first time he came on board was the 2d of December; we arrived in the River the 29th of November.
Q. Did he continue on board? - A. No; he returned backwards and forwards.
Q. How lately, before you quitted the ship on the 17th, do you recollect having seen the prisoner on board? - A. He went to town with me on the 17th; he was on board that day.
Q. Was he any acquaintance of your's before this time; or; did your acquaintance with him arise from his visiting an officer on board the ship? - A. Yes; just so; he left me as soon as I got to town; I did not see him again till the 19th, when he came on board the Rockingham again; I found him there when I went on board.
Q. How long did you continue to see him on board the Rockingham after the 19th? - A. He staid on board all the night of the 19th, till about four o'clock in the afternoon of the 20th.
Q. Did you see him go away on the 20th? - A. Yes; he went on thore about four o'clock; I saw the time-keeper and the watch at Bow-street.
Q. Was the prisoner there at that time? - A. Yes; in custody, on the 30th of December; I saw nothing of the prisoner in the intermediate time.
Q. Are those articles here? - A. I believe they are.
Q. Did you know them when you saw them? - A. I don't know any thing more about it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. How many hands were employed on board the Rockingham when you were lying at Blackwall? - A. About forty.
Q. When you go away and leave your ship, is the place you describe, the round-house, locked up, when you leave it? - A. No; the officer who relieves me, takes charge of it.
Court. Q. What mate are you? - A. The second; the first and second mate, one or other of them, must have the charge of it.
Mr. Knapp. Let us know what you mean by charge; do you mean charge of that part of the cabin, like a centinel standing upon guard, to watch it? - A. No.


                  Q. 
               


            Then, merely while you are gone, the other mate takes care of it, as well as he can, consistentwith the other duties of his office? - A. Yes; he was left on board as commanding officer.
Q. If there were forty hands on board, they had access to this cabin? - A. No.
Q. During your absence you cannot say, that you never knew, in the course of your life, any of your hands getting into the cabin? - A. I have known them to be sent in to clean it; but I have always been looking after them; they were never there by themselves.
Q. You say, the prisoner had been to visit one of your officers several times? - A. Yes,
Q. And having paid his visits, of course returned; now, on the 17th, he went away with you to town? - A. Yes.
Q. At that time you had not missed any property whatever? - A. None.
Q. He returned again on the 19th? - A. Yes; I found him there, when I returned, on the 19th.
Q. I was, perhaps, too large in my question, of all the hands having access to the cabin; the captain's servants, and the people belonging to the cabin, and who are servants, have of course access to this cabin, backwards and forwards? - A. Yes; my servants and the chief mate's servants.
Q. They go when other people are not there? - A. Yes; whenever they please, trusty servants.
Q. He went away on the 20th? - A. Yes.
Q. Did he go away in the night? - A. No.
Q. Did he go away secretly, or might any body see him go? - A. He went, as a gentleman would leave a ship, without being the least suspected.
Q. The time-piece stood upon the table? - A. Yes.
Q. It was open, and any body that was so disposed might have taken it? - A. The case was about six inches square; they might have taken it away, but they could not put it in their pockets.
Q. They could have taken it under their arm? - A. Yes.
Q. They the time-piece was in such a way that any body might have taken it away? - A. Any body that knew it was there might, at any time that they liked.
Jury. Q. Whether his own private cabin was made from the round-house, or whether it was a public round-house? - A. This was the division that I slept in; I slept there to protect the property that was there; there was a very considerable property there besides this time-piece; there had been a great quantity of diamonds that were put on shore at Long-Reach; this cabin had been appropriated to passengers on the voyage.
Jury. Q. There was a division athwart ships? - A. No; fore and aft; it was on one side the round-house; this property was in the starboard side.
Court. Q. The round-house being divided, and part of it allotted to the commanding officer to protect the property in that part, still the question remains, whether the common people, every body on board, had not access to that part of the round house, or whether the persons whom you have said were employed for cleaning the round-house, and the servants of the officers, had not access to that part which belonged to the officers? - A. Yes; I meant that part of the round-house when I answered that question before.
JOHN ECKFORD sworn.
I am third mate of the Rockingham East-India-man: On Saturday evening, the 19th of December, I went on board the ship along with Mr. Ritchie.
Q. Were you on board before that? - A. Yes; the first time I saw the prisoner was on the 2d of December; he came on board to see the fifth mate; he went on board again on Thursday the 17th of December, and when he came away we walked up to town together, from Blackwall, and parted with him at the Jerusalem coffee-house; Mr. Ritchie and I went on board again on Saturday the 19th, and found the prisoner on board; he staid on board all that night, and the next day, Sunday, the 20th, till the evening; he went on shore about seven o'clock in the afternoon, the next day, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I missed my gold watch from the drawer of a book-case in the round-house; I never saw it again till i saw it at Bow-street.
Q. Did you see the prisoner on board after Sunday the 20th? - A. No, I did not.
Q. When had you seen it in the book-case drawer? - A. On the Sunday on which he went on shore.
Q. Were the drawers of that at all locked? - A. No.
Q. It is called in the indictment the property of Mr. Webster? - A. It belonged formerly to a Mr. Webster, who died lately at Madras; it was brought home by me, to his brother, 
               
                  John
                   Webster
               



            .
Q. What was Mr. Webster's name, who died? - A. George; he was heir to his brother.
Q. You took charge of it to deliver it to the brother? - A. Yes.
Jury. Was the watch your's, or Mr. Webster's? - A. Mr. Webster's.
Court. Q. Did you know this watch again when you saw it at Bow-street? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know any thing of the time-piece? - A. I missed it on the Sunday; I had not seen it for five or six days before.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. First of all, with respect to this watch, the watch was the propertyof George Webster, who died at Madras? - A. Yes.
Q. Whose property it was, after his death, you don't know? - A. No.
Q. But you thought you would bring it home to his nearest relation? - A. Yes.
Q. Whether he made a will or not, at Madras, you don't know? - A. Yes, he did.
Q. Have you ever seen the will? - A. No?
Q. Then of course you don't know what that will contained? - A. No.
Q. I understaind that the prisoner went from the vessel on Sunday? - A. Yes.
Q. Are you pretty certain as to the time he went away? - A. I think about seven in the evening.
Q. It was dark then, was it not? - A. Yes.
Q. Are you sure it was seven o'clock in the evening? - A. It was between six and seven, I believe.
Q. Was it not about four o'clock in the afternoon; recollect yourself? - A. I don't think it was, it was very dark.
Q. Was Ritchie by at the time he went away? - A. I don't recollect that he was.
Q. Will you say, he was not present at that time? - A. I cannot say.
Q. I wish you would recollect, because he has told us that he went from on board at four o'clock? - A. It was dark when he went; I think it was between six and seven.
Q. Mr. Ritchie has told us he went away at four? - A. I think it was six or seven.
Court. It cannot be very material.
Mr. Knapp. I don't know, my Lord, I must do my duty as well as I can.
Q. How many were upon deck when he went away? - A. There were a number of people there.
Q. He did not go away secretly? - A. No; he went away publickly.
Q. Did he want a boat to go on shore? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN
                   SAYER
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Bow-street: On Monday, the 21st of December, a person came to the office.
Q. In consequence of information that came to the office, what did you do? - A. I went to Mr. Parker's, the pawnbroker, in Princes-street, St. Ann's; there I saw the prisoner, Layton; Mr. Parker's told me he had stopped him.
Q. Did Mr. Parker say that in his presence? - A. Yes; I told him to stand up, and in consequence, I searched him: I found this time-piece in his fob-pocket, to the best of my knowledge; and in his other pocket, either coat or waistcoat, I am not certain which, I found this gold chain, two gold seals, and two gold keys; a pistol, and a kind of tobacco-box, or snuff-box, it had some powder and ball in it.
Q. Did you find any other watch upon him? - A. No.


                  JOSIAH
                   PARKER
               



             sworn.
I live in Prince's-street, Leicester-fields, I am a silversmith: On Monday the 21st of December, between one and two o'clock, the prisoner brought the gold watch which I have got in my hand to fell
Q. Did he produce it at that time? - A. He did, as soon as he came into the shop, and asked 10l. for it, to the best of my recollection; I suspected that he had not come by it honestly, and sent to Bow-street for an officer.
Q. Had you, after you had sent to Bow-street, any conversation with him about this watch, how he came by it? - A. No.
Q. How did you amuse him then, while you sent to Bow-street? - A. My brother was in the house, and I acquainted him with the circumstance; my brother came, and got between him and the door; in about a quarter of an hour, or twenty minutes, two officers came and searched, and found a silver time-keeper, a pistol loaded, a snuff-box with powder and ball in it, a gold watch chain, and two seals.
Q. He had not offered the chain and seals to sell to you, nor the time-piece? - A. No.
Q. Did he give you any account how he came by the watch? - A. I asked him how he came by it; he said, he bought it at Portsmouth.
Q. Was there any thing said to him about the time-piece, when it was produced? - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You call this thing a time-Keeper? - A. Yes.
Q. You are a silversmith? - A. Yes.
Q. Perhaps you have seen a time-keeper before? - A. Undoubtedly, there is another name for it.
Q. We have heard of time pieces, and timekeepers; is there any difference or distinction between the two names; have you ever seen a timepiece and a time-keeper, under different denominations? - A. Yes.
Q. They are distinct things? - A. Yes.
Q. So that if he had offered you a time-piece, you would have known it by that denomination; and if he had offered you a time-keeper, you would have known it by that, and you would have called them distinct things? - A. I should as a tradesman.
Court. Q. Is it a time-keeper, or a time-piece?- A. A time-keeper, or a theometer more properly.
Court. The nautical men are the men to speak to that, not a silversmith.
Q. (To Ritchie). Look at that silver instrument, whatever its denomination is, you are a nautical man? - A. Yes.
Q. And used to an instrument of that sort? - A. Yes.
Q. What is the name by which it is called? - A. A chronometer, or a time-keeper.
Q. Is there a distinct name for it? - A. It is generally called a small chronometer.
Q. Has it any other name? - A. No; it is a small chronometer.
Q. Suppose you were to order any person to bring it to you, what would you call it? - A. A small chronometer, I should call it.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Did you ever hear it called a time-piece? - A. Yes; I have heard it called either the one or the other.
Court. Q. Look at it again? - A. This is the chronometer that was taken from the Rockingham, it is the same number.
Court. Q. When did you last see it in the round-house? - A. On Thursday the 17th.
Q. Are you sure that it is the same? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know any thing about the watch? - A. Yes; I should know the watch, (looks at it.) This is the same chain and seals belonging to the gold watch, they were taken from that drawer in the bureau, they were fixed to the watch.
Q. How came you to know the chain and seals better than the watch? - A. There is something particular about the chain; I know the seal from the crest and the motto; I don't know the watch so well.
Court. (To Eckford). Q. Look at that watch, do you know it? - A. Yes; this is the watch I received to carry to Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Webster
               



            .
Q. The watch that was put into the bureau? - A. Yes.
Q. Look at the chain and seals; do you know them? - A. Yes; these are the same.
Q. Look at the silver thing; how long have you known that? - A. Upwards of two years.
Q. How lately had you seen it upon that place? - A. I saw it on Tuesday before the 15th.
Prisoner's defence. Mr. Parker says, that when I was examined, the pistol was found loaded; if you ask the officer that came from Bow-street, he will inform you to the contrary.
Sayer. It was not loaded, and if it had been loaded he could not have fired it off; however it was not loaded.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Does your Lordship think, that in this case, in the first place, the watch called a time-piece is agreeable to the evidence given?
Court. A. I think it is sufficiently described.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Another thing I hinted at, in the beginning of this cause, and I am sure your Lordship will forgive me if any thing occurs to the Counsel for the prisoner, in cases of felony; if I state that to the Court, your Lordship has it in evidence; first of all, this watch is charged to be the property of 
               
                  John
                   Webster
               



            ; the watch is proved to have been certainly the property of 
               
                  George
                   Webster
               



            ; 
               
                  George
                   Webster
               



             is deceased; and the witnes brought it over for the brother John; whether John, as the brother of George, may be entitled to it or not, your Lordship is perfectly in the dark; for thought as heir at law he may be entitled to it, yet, if he has made any disposition of his effects by will and made any disposition of the watch in question, your Lordship knows the property would have been properly described to be the property of the person in whom it was so vested; I have asked whether any part of his property was disposed of by will; your Lordship has it in evidence, that a will has been made, therefore your Lordship will not presume against the prisoner, that this very identical property was not given away by will, and if so it ought to have been correctly described to be the property, which, by the evidence, we are in the dark about; and I am sure your Lordship never will presume against a prisoner; but, that if there is evidence that is in the doubtful scale, your Lordship will give the prisoner the benefit of that doubt; and your Lordships will be of opinion it is too much to take upon yourselves to say, that the heir at law will necessarily have that which might have been disposed of by the brother, and which was certainly in the prosecutor's power if such disposition was made.
Lord Chief Baron. Q. As I understand it, the person, whose property it is laid to be, is the consignee of this watch, he is the carrier of the watch to the brother; was it ever heard of, that it was not sufficient to lay it to be the property of the confignee, the only person to whom we have evidence that it belongs; he is by the witnesses proved most clearly to be the consignee; would not that be perfectly sufficient, if you laid any other species of property to be the true property?
Mr. Knapp. A. My Lord, -
Mr. Baron Thompson. Let us have no more interruptions, Mr. Knapp; it is now my turn, your's is over, if any thing like regularity is to be maintained; if not, farewell to the future administration of justice. I am perfectly satisfied that there is no pretence whatever, not even acolour for the objection taken by the Counsel in behalf of the prisoner; and I agree entirely with my Lord Chief Baron. The property is laid to be that of John Webster, and the evidence of its being the property of 
               
                  John
                   Webster
               



             is that of a person in the East-Indies, upon the death of the brother of that 
               
                  John
                   Webster
               



            , of the name of George; he receives from somebody or other a watch upon trust to carry it to England, and deliver it to 
               
                  John
                   Webster
               



            ; therefore I say that 
               
                  John
                   Webster
               



            , whether, 
               
                  George
                   WEbster
               



             died with a will or without, as between the person in possession of the watch, namely, John Eckford, and that 
               
                  John
                   Eckford
               



             would be answerable in an action of trover; 
               
                  John
                   Webster
               



             was the proprietor of that watch, and that watch being his, in the care of Eckford, in trust for John Webster, is charged in this indictment to be stolen; therefore it was stolen under circumstances which make it undoubtedly the property of 
               
                  John
                   Webster
               



            .



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 23.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMPSON
               



            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


