





175. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BELLAMY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of February
, one silver salt, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Denham 
                  Baron
               




            .
DENHAM BARON sworn.
I belong to the Victualling-office
. I live in Thomhaugh street, Bedford-square


. I missed a silver salt cellar about nine on Sunday morning.


                  ELIZABETH
                   YEATES
               



             sworn.
I am nurse to Mr. Baron's child. My master lost a silver salt about nine o'clock on Sunday morning; it was on the sideboard that morning, in the front parlour. The prisoner came from Mr. Burgess, No. 3, Upper Brook-street, Grosvenor-square, with his compliments to my master, and desired to meet him before twelve o'clock that morning: this was about nine o'clock: my master was in bed: I left the prisoner in the passage; and when I went up stairs the parlour door was not shut; when I came down the prisoner was still in the passage; there were dirt marks of feet in the passage, and between the oil-cloth and the carpet in the parlour; I asked him what business he had there: I had just before cleaned the passage and parlour: I complained of his dirting the passage, and he said it was the dog's marks; I said those marks were very different from dogs mark's; I then let him out of the door, and on returning into the parlour I missed the salt; I pursued him into Chenie's-mews: he was taken there: he was walking: on searching him the salt was found upon him; 
               
                  William
                   Wheeler
               



            , who took him, has the salt; I should know it again.



                  WILLIAM
                   WHEELER
               



             sworn.
I am coachman to Mr. Aikin. I was in Chenie's-mews, and saw the prisoner turn into the yard; he was walking: the last witness pursued him, and cried stop thief! he did not run at first, but afterwards he did; I took him: and he said I will give you the salt, let me go, let me run. (Produces the salt.)
(
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Yeates
               



             deposes to the salt.)
Mr. Baron. This is my salt.
Court. Do you know Mr. Burgess? - No, Sir; I know no such person.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Please you, my lord. I was coming up Store-street, and I saw a man running; and he threw the salt away from him; I picked it up; and on the cry of stop thief! this man laid hold of me, and I put the salt into my hand; then he took me to a poulterer's door, and told me I must stay till the gentleman came; I said I would stop; they took me to the watch-house, and I was bailed till Monday, then they brought me here.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 20.)
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


