





539. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RUGLASS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of June
 last, one great coat, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Letch
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   LETCH
               



             sworn.
I live at Temple-bar; I lost a great coat in Leadenhall-street


, on the 19th of June, about nine in the evening; I was in a one horse chaise; I had it in Whitechapel, and missed it in Leadenhall-street; it lay in the head of the chaise behind, my daughter was with me; some gentleman called after me, and said I was robbed of my great coat, and he brought the prisoner to me; I never got the coat again.


                  WILLIAM
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
About nine o'clock, on the 19th of June, I saw the prisoner get up behind Mr. Letch's chaise; he took a great coat out, and gave it to his companion, who ran off with it on the opposite side of the way, toSt. Mary-Axe; I was about seven yards off; the prisoner came on my side of the way; I immediately laid hold of him; a friend of mine called the gentleman, and he stopped, I asked him if he had lost any thing; he said yes, he had lost his great coat; I took the prisoner and delivered him to a constable, and he took him to the Compter; there was a coach behind the chaise, and his companion slipped under the horses heads and got off; I went to the Compter and saw him, I am sure he is the man.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I asked the gentleman what he stopped me for; there was a great croud in the street; I never saw the coat.



               GUILTY
            , (Aged 17.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
