





261. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     BRYANT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of May
, thirty-six yards of black silk ribbon, value 12 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Winskell
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   WINSKELL
               



             sworn.
I am a linen-draper and haberdasher
; I can swear to the property.


                  MARY
                   HACK
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Winskell, No. 114, Long-acre


. On Thursday, the 11th of May, the prisoner came into our shop between four and five o'clock; there was no person in the shop but myself; she asked to look at some tape, I shewed her some, and she bought as much as came to one penny; she gave me a shilling, and I gave her sixpence in silver, and five penny-worth of halfpence in change; she took up the change, and then asked to look at some black ribbon at three halfpence per yard; I took out the box of ribbons, and shewed her some; she said it was too narrow, and would not do; she then refused the six pence I gave her, she had then had it five minutes or more, and asked me to change it; I tookthe six-pence and went to change it, and then she appeared in great confusion, and asked me if I would give her some ribbon, at two-pence one yard only; I had changed the six-pence before I gave her the ribbon; she then gave me the two-pence for it, she then went out in a very great hurry: I missed a piece of black silk ribbon containing thirty-six yards immediately out of the drawer; I looked about and could not find it, I then followed her and brought her back, I found her two doors from our house talking to another person; I asked her if she would be kind enough to walk back, and she came back; she came into the shop, and was in great confusion, and would not stay; Mr. Winskell was up stairs, and the servant met me in the shop; I sent her to call Mr. Winskell, and just before he came she dropped the ribbon, I saw her drop it, it dropped from her left side; she turned round and dropped it, and said, there lay my ribbon. I am quite sure I saw it drop, and when I went out I passed that place, and saw the place quite clear; I told her she had no call to drop it, I was certain she had it; I gave it to the constable.


                  JOHN
                   SHARRARD
               



             sworn.
I produce the ribbon, I received it from the constable, and Sir Sampson ordered me to keep it.
Prisoner. I would ask whether the ribbon was not in the shop, when you brought me in? - I am sure that the shop was clear, and that the ribbon was dropped in the shop.
(The ribbon deposed to by 
               
                  Mary
                   Hack
               



             and Joseph Winskell, by having the private mark of the shop, and never having sold such an article; he had had it two or three days, and it cost him seventeen shillings and six-pence.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I sell things in the street; I went into this shop for a yard of ribbon, and three yards of tape; I am sure I was twenty minutes in the shop, and this lady came out after me, and asked me in: and when she got in she turned round and found this ribbon, and picked it up, and the gentleman that stands up there says, let the woman go away; but she said no; I will hang her if it is possible.




               GUILTY, 4 s. 11 d.
             (Aged 50.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
