





14. 
               
                  
                     MATTHEW 
                     GILMORE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of November
, two linen shirts, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Germain
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   GERMAIN
               



             sworn.
I live at Enfield


 parish; I lost two linen shirts off the line, on the 24th of November; they were found on the prisoner; I did not see them taken from him.


                  BENJAMIN
                   HARVEY
               



             sworn.
I was coming from Enfield-highway, and I heard a woman cry Stop thief! that man has got my shirts; and I stopped the prisoner; and my mate, 
               
                  John
                   Smith
               



            , came up as the prisoner gave me the shirts; I asked him for them.
(The shirts produced.)


                  GEORGE
                   LAW
               



             sworn.
I am constable; I produce the shirts; Harvey delivered them to me; he brought the prisoner with him.


                  MARY
                   GERMAIN
               



             sworn.
I know these shirts to be my husband's; they were taken off the line wet; I did not know the prisoner before my little girl told me that a man was taking them; and I ranafter him, and saw Harvey and Smith coming, and they stopped him.


                  JOHN
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I was with Harvey when the prosecutor's wife was running after the prisoner, and we pursued him and took him; he said, What do you want? I conducted him to the constable; it was not more than two minutes after the shirts were taken off the line.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming from Hertford, and I was coming along; a man overtook me, and travelled about four miles with me; he wanted to borrow sixpence, and I lent him it; he said he lived at a house on the road; he went into a house; he said his sister lived there; and I walked on; and he came out, and gave the bundle to me; and this woman called Halloobulloo, we have a thief now, and I will get enough to keep me all the winter; they took my property from me; I am a stranger in this country, I came from Ireland.
Court to Mrs. Germain. Had he any bundle? - Nothing but the shirts.
Jury. Was any other man with him at the time? - No person; he had the shirts on his arm.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 60.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
