






221. 
               
                  
                     JACOB 
                     ISAACS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     BELASCO
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of February
, three hides of tanned leather, value 8l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wright
                  



               
            .
Second Count. Laying it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Hickes
                  



               
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  JOHN
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a tanner
, at Ryegate: On the 18th of February, I delivered two bundles of leather to Mr. Hickes, the carrier
, to bring to London, to Leadenhall, they were hides of tanned leather; I directed them myself, to Mr. Samuel Salloway, leather-factor, Leadenhall; my man delivered them.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Are your men here who delivered them? - A. No.


                  RICHARD
                   HICKES
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I received a bundle of tanned leather from Mr. Wright's man; they were directed to Mr. 
               
                  Samuel
                   Salloway
               



            , leather-factor, Leadenhall; I put them down at Leadenhall, and the porter read the direction to me, I could not read it myself.


                  WILLIAM
                   WESTON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a porter at Leadenhall: I received from the last witness two bundles of leather, directed to Mr. 
               
                  Samuel
                   Salloway
               



            , Leadenhall, a little after eight o'clock in the evening; I put them down at the Red-lion, in Leadenhall-market


, on the top of some more leather.
Q. Is that the place where you usually put leather? - A. Yes, for safety, where the watchman stands; at five o'clock in the morning, I found them there as I had left them; I left them then, and returned to that spot again a little before six o'clock, and missed one bundle; upon that, I went about the market to look for it, but could not find it, and then I thought it must have been stolen; I saw it afterwards at Worship-street, I know it to be the same.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You are appointed to take care of leather? - A. No; I did it for the good of my master.
Q. Your master is answerable for leather if it is lost? - A. Yes.
Q. You act as servant to Salloway? - A. Yes; and Mr. Hickes too.
Q. Does Hickes employ you? - A. Yes.


                  RICHARD
                   FERRIS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. On Wednesday the 20th of February, about six o'clock in the morning, I saw the two prisoners in Petticoat-lane, Isaacs was first, and he had a bundle of leather upon his shoulder, he had no hat on; Belasco was behind him, close to him, with this bag under his arm, and a man's hat in his hand.
Q. Had he a hat upon his head besides? - A. No.
Q. So that the leather prevented him from wearing a hat? - A. Yes; I made a snatch at Isaacs, and he dropped the leather almost upon my feet, and attempted to run; Belasco also attempted to run, and I called out to Armstrong to stop him, I pursued Isaacs; he ran about four or five yards, and then Peach caught him, he was not above three or four yards from me all the time; I brought him back to where the leather was dropped; I picked up the bag and the hat that Belasco had dropped; Isaacs then said, give me the hat, it is my hat.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. The man was carrying the leather publicly upon his back? - A. Yes.
Q. Without any concealment? - A. Yes.
Q. And they had a sack? - A. Yes; but that was not big enough to put it in.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Did you make any observation of Belasco's back? - A. Yes; there was the tan of the leather upon his back.


                  JOHN
                   ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn. - (Produces the leather.)I have had it ever since, it is directed to 
               
                  Samuel
                   Salloway
               



            , Leadenhall-market, London.
Court. Q. Did you observe Belasco's back at all? - A. Yes; it was just as if he had been carrying the leather; we got another man to carry it for us, and his back was marked just the same.
Mr. Wright. I am sure it is my leather.
The prisoner left their defence to their Counsel.
The prisoner, Isaacs, called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Isaacs, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 23.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Belasco, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
