






39. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WORRALL
                  



               
             and 
               
                  SUSANNAH 
                  GREEN
               




             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of December

, seventy-seven prints, value 17l. thirty prints, value 30s. half a quire of paper, value 3d. five prints in gilt frames, value 2s. a glazier's diamond, value 10s. and various other articles, the property of 
                     
                        Samuel-William 
                        Fores
                     



                  , in his dwelling-house
            ; and the other for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
SAMUEL-
               
                  WILLIAM
                   FORES
               



             sworn. - The latter end of August, I employed the prisoner to paint my house; I live in Piccadilly



; I missed some things; I went to his lodgings, and found he had absconded; I traced him last Monday to his lodgings in Cumberland-street, Shoreditch; I found the two prisoners in the room, and all the articles in the indictment, except the diamond, and six small prints in frames, which were in pledge; he immediately acknowledged he had taken them, and hoped I would forgive him; he never attempted to deny it: I found the diamond and the six prints at the pawnbroker's.
Prisoner. You lent me the diamond.
Fores. I did, to cut a piece of glass in my shop; not to take it away.


                  GEORGE
                   HALES
               



             sworn. - On the 9th of November I took in a diamond of the prisoner Green; I lent her five shillings upon it; (produces it.)
Fores. This is my diamond.


                  JAMES
                   DEWER
               



             sworn. - (Produces six prints.)
I took them in of the prisoner Green, on the 10th of October.
Fores. I verily believe them to he mine.


                  MARY
                   YOUNG
               



             sworn. - (Produces three prints.) I bought these three prints of the prisoner Green; she brought a respectable housekeeper with her; I gave her nine shillings for them.
Fores. The prints are mine; but not the frames or glasses.


                  PETER
                   MASON
               



             sworn. - I am a constable;(produces a quantity of prints;) I found them at the prisoner's lodgings, No. 21. Cumberland-street.(They were deposed to by Mr. Fores.)
ELIZABETH BLACK sworn. - Mrs. Green asked me to put some prints into my room, and when I heard that they were stole, she said, if you think they are stole, take them down, for God's sake; I said no, they should remain up to be seen.
Worrall's defence. I took some of the caricatures, they were lying in a garret; I did not think them of any value.
Green's defence. I did not know that they were stole.
Worrall, 

               GUILTY
            


               Death
            . (Aged 35.)
Green, GUILTY. (Aged 41.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
