





191. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BURBAGE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of December
 last, two pair of womens leather shoes, value 4 s. one pair of stuff ditto, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Philip Crispin 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  PHILIP
                   CRISPIN SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am a shoe-maker
, in Greek-street, Soho


; the prisoner has been my foreman
 above a year; I suspected him, and on the 23d of December, I got a warrant and searched his room; No. 37, Monmouth-street; I knew he lodged there; the constable found two pair of womens black Spanish leather shoes, in a closet among some dirty linen; I was present; the prisoner came home to dinner, not knowing we were there, and he was searched; and a pair of womens stuff shoes were found in his pocket; the leather shoes I believe to be my property, but could not positively swear to them; the stuff shoes I know, they have my mark; he was taken immediately before the magistrate and examined: the examination was taken in writing.
Mr. Knapp, Prisoner's Counsel. The prisoner has been your foreman upwards of a twelve-month? - Yes.
I suppose in the course of your business, he might take out shoes to fit? - With my approbation.

Suppose you was not at home? - I never suffer such a thing, nor he never did such a thing.


                  WILLIAM
                   DAVAGE
               



             sworn.
I made the two pair of Spanish leather shoes.
Mr. Knapp. Have you never said you would swear to this property, to save yourself, or something to that effect? - No.
How long had those shoes been out of your hands, and in Mr. Smith's custody? - It might be six weeks.
Was there any particular mark about the shoes? - Every man can swear to his own mark; I put no mark on them any more than any other shoes.


                  CHARLES
                   YOUNG
               



             sworn.
I went with Mr. Smith, on the 23d of December, to the prisoner's lodgings in Monmouth-street, in company with 
               
                  Abraham
                   Barrier
               



            ; the prisoner was not at home: I searched the lodgings; and in a closet among some dirty and clean linen, I took down a bag: there were light coloured shoes in it; they were silk; then I took down another bag, and there I found two pair of women's black leather shoes; during this time, the prisoner came in; and when he saw his master in the room, he tried to escape, running backwards towards the door; I ran and laid hold of him; he turned pale; and after making some resistance, Barrier came up to my assistance, and I searched him, and took this pair of stuff shoes out of his pocket, which he acknowledged to be his master's property, and begged his pardon; and he acknowledged the black leather shoes to be his master's property; his master shewed them to him, and said, these are Davage's make; and the prisoner acknowledged they was: I kept the stuff shoes which I took from him; here is a mark inside.
Mr. Knapp. How many people were in the room? - Four or five.
Did you hear Barrier say any thing about the shoes at the time? - I cannot recollect.
Try; did you hear Barrier say any thing at that time about the shoes? - I do not recollect he did.


                  ABRAHAM
                   BARRIER
               



             sworn.
I belong to the rotation-office; I went with Smith and Young to the prisoner's lodgings; his wife said they were his lodgings; and there the last witness found these shoes; (produced); when the prisoner came in, he seemed confused to see us all in his room; he told his master that some gentlemen wanted him at his house, and walked backwards towards the door: he refused being searched, and we were obliged to throw him down on a chair backwards; and then the last witness took a pair of shoes out of his pocket: I think it was his right hand pocket; he said they were Mr. Smith's shoes; he was then taken before the justice; and I have had these shoes ever since.
(The shoes deposed to by the prosecutor, having his mark C. S. inside.)
The slippers are always marked.
Davage. These leather shoes I made within six weeks of the time; I know nothing of the stuff ones; I know my own work.
Mr. Knapp to Mr. Smith. There is no other mark on these shoes, than on any other shoes in your shop? - No.
Has not this man often worked at over hours? - Never, to my knowledge.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Concerning the stuff shoes which they found in my pocket; a person spoke to me, and told me to bring her a pair of shoes to fit her; and she was to have given three shillings and six-pence for them, which I should have given to my master, had they fitted; I have frequently carried out shoes at different times in the same manner, one or more pair at a time, and he has known nothing of it till I gave him the money; I can produce the person that ordered me to bring her the shoes to fit; and I have witness to prove she sent to me; and these leather shoes I made at different times over hours; the person that swore tothe making of those shoes, said he would not have sworn to them, but he was afraid he should lose his feat of work: at different times I have carried great sums of money to the Bank for my master, who never found any thing deficient; and one time he gave me too much, and I returned it.


                  MARY
                   MILLER
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner: on the 21st of December, I was measured in Mr. Burbage's room for a pair of shoes: I was to have them on the 25th; I forgot the name of the street; it is by the Seven Dials where Mr. Burbage did live then; I never had them: I have not known the prisoner long; I have known his wife a good while; I never knew any thing dishonest of the prisoner.


                  JOHN
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.


                  William
                   Davage
               



             informed me that what he swore concerning the shoes, he was obliged so to do; on the outside of Guildhall, he said he was obliged so to do; or else he might be thought a confederate in the matter.
Court. On what occasion was this said? - Mr. Smith desired me and Burbage to attend at Hicks's-hall, because he said he would throw out the bill, if it lay in his power: that was on Wednesday, the 6th of the month; I went to speak to him concerning it, and he said if I would attend him the day following; I went to know what Mr. Smith would do, because my sister is married to this gentleman, the prisoner.
- BURBAGE sworn.
I am brother to the prisoner at the bar; I can witness to what this man said: Mr. Davage, the evidence against the prisoner, declared before me and the other gentleman that was up just now, that he was obligated to swear to two pair of shoes in the manner he did, or otherwise he should be thought a confederate in the matter.


                  William
                   Davage
               



            . When first Mr. Smith acquainted me of it, he accused me of making shoes for Burbage's wife: I told him I did not; I made the shoes for him, and he paid me for them: I was acquainted with them before this affair; I called on Mrs. Burbage, and he asked me how I could think of swearing as I did; and afterwards, when I was speaking of it to Taylor and Burbage's brother at Guild-hall; I said I thought it was very hard I should be judged in the manner I was, not to swear to my own work; but if I had not done it, Mr. Smith might have thought I had made the shoes for his wife: as I knew the prisoner before, I was very sorry I should be obliged to swear against the prisoner; but I must swear to my own work: the prisoner was a very civil man, and always behaved very well to me.
Was Burbage, the prisoner's brother, present at that time? - He was.
Court to Mr. Smith. 
               
                  John
                   Taylor
               



             has said, that you said to him on the 6th of January, you would throw out the bill, if in your power? - He came with his brother that has been now sworn, to my house, and hoped I would be as favourable as possible; I said I should be at Hicks's-hall, and they would see me there; that was what passed to the best of my knowledge; but the application made by them to me, was for favour to the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMPSON
               



            .
