





144. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SIMMONDS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of March
, a silver table-spoon, value 10 s.
             the property of the Hon. 
               
                  
                     John Levison 
                     Gower
                  




               
            .


                  STEPHEN
                   HARRIS
               



             sworn.
I live with Admiral


                  Gower
               


            ; on the 19th of March a man came to enquire for my master, if he was at home; he sent up a differentname to 
               
                  John
                   Simmonds
               



            , sent his duty, and would be glad to speak to my master, he said he did not know him; I came and told him, he begged me to go up again; I had got up a few steps, and saw him open the parlour door, I returned and called my fellow servant, he came up, and the prisoner had just got out of the parlour, and was shuffling something into his pocket or breeches; he said he had taken nothing; I told him he had; and he held out the spoon; he went through the fore-parlour to the back-parlour, where the spoon was, and the cloth was laid. The prisoner was secured.


                  RICHARD
                   STALEY
               



             sworn.
Deposed to the same effect.
(The spoon produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The parlour-door was open; Mr. Gower's hat laid on a chair, and the spoon on another, and I took the spoon and said, I have cleaned these spoons many a time; I once lived a boy in the family. Mr. Garrow knows me, if I had money, and I supported Mr. Fox's election.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


