





510. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     WARREN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d. of August
, a silk pocket handkerchief, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Smith
               




            .



                  JOHN
                   SMITH
               



             sworn - I am an officer in the Excise
: On the 3d. of August, I was passing through Broad-street, St. Giles's


, between three and four in the afternoon, and was informed that I had lost my handkerchief, I did not perceive it go; I turned round and saw a witness who is here, contending with the prisoner in the street; he got away from him, and ran up Dyot-street; he then 
               
                  drew
               


             a knife from his pocket, and made several attempts with it, it was with difficulty we got it from him; we secured him, and Mr. Yardley found the property upon him; it has my mark upon it.
Prisoner. Did you see any knife in my hand? - A. Yes; he attempted to jab it through my hand.
Prisoner. Did you see any handkerchief in my possession? - A. Yes; I took it out of his pocket, he had a double pocket.
YARDLEY sworn. I live in Bloomsbury: I was going through Broad-street, St. Giles's, and saw the prisoner in company with another person, the prisoner in followed Mr. Smith, and took his handkerchief out of his pocket; he twisted it round his hand, and put it into his inside pocket; I called out to the prosecutor, but I believe he did not hear me; the prisoner turned round and shook his fist at me; I immediately went up towards him, he ran round the corner of Dyot-street, and seeing me after him, he immediately turned back and took out his knife; I told him I was not afraid of his knife, I would have him; he stood with his knife in his hand to keep me from laying hold of him; when I went near him, he made an attempt to cut me; another person came up who had a great coat on his arm, he threw the great coat in his face, and we tumbled him down, one got hold of one hand, and another of the other, but we could not get the knife from him till the other person almost throttled him, and then we got it away; we searched him and took this handkerchief out of his pocket. (Produces it).
Prosecutor. This is my handkerchief.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 31.) The Court immediately pronounced sentence of 


               transportation for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
