





293. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CHADWICK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of March
, twenty-six yards of irish linen cloth, value 1l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Turner
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Whiteside
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Turner
                  



               
            .
Indicted in a Second COUNT for stealing the same goods, the property of 
               
                  
                     Felix 
                     Oneal
                  



               
            .
A Third COUNT for stealing the same goods, the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Maskill
                  



               
            .


                  FELIX
                   ONEAL
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Maskill as porter
, in Mitre-court, Milk-street, Cheapside, he is a glazer and calender
. On the 21st of March last, I was going through Longacre with the horse and cart of Mr. Maskill's; I was driving the said horse, I was sitting inside of the cart, it is an open cart, I sat upon some callicoes, and there were thirty pieces of Irish in a wrapper, in the hind part of the cart, and luckily I happened to turn round to look at the goods, it was about half past seven in the evening; looking about I see the man, the prisoner, handing to the other, on the opposite side of the flag stones, a piece of cloth, I mean the flags on the other side of the street to where my cart was, and he was clapping it inside of his great coat, the receiver of the cloth was doing this; so that I should not perceive them if I happened to turn round; with that I hallooed out stop thief! my cart was going on when I saw this; accordingly he was pursued, they both ran when I hallooed out stop thief!
Q. Did they both run the same way? - Yes, as far as I could perceive; I staid by the horse and cart for fear I might lose the remainder of the goods, and it would have been an unlucky circumstance for me if the prisoner had not been taken, there is such a scandalous character of the porters; I staid by the cart till the man was brought back, which was in a short space of time.
Q. Which was brought back, the man that took it or the man that received it? - I cannot tell.
Q. Who brought him back? - Rowan. When the man was brought back I got the goods into my custody as soon as possible again, I think Crooks produced it to me.
Q. Was that piece of cloth that was produced to you, one that had been taken out of your cart? - That I cannot say; it was missed, but I cannot swear to that.
Q. Were there any marks on the cloth? - Yes, it is numbered, the man of the shop is here.
Q. Who is the man they brought back? - The prisoner at the bar; the porter is here that put in the thirty pieces, and when I got home there wasonly twenty-seven, there is two pieces quite gone.
Q. Did you go directly home? - No, I went to Bow-street, and left the horse and cart at one of our customer's door, in Bow-street; Mr. Davis and one of his men sat in the cart during the time that I transacted business at Bow-street.
Q. Whose property was this? - I believe my master was answerable for it while it was in my custody, he had it to calender for Messrs. Turner and Whiteside's, in Fleet-street; I had taken up all the thirty pieces at Messrs. Turners and Whiteside's.
Q. Who put them in the cart? - Messrs Turner and Whiteside's porter, and I had seen thirty pieces counted.
Q. How long had it been put into your cart before you got to Long-acre? - I believe between two and three hours; I had been up as far as Oxford-street, Cavendish-square, and stopped to deliver out goods and take in goods.


                  HENRY
                   FELLOWS
               



             sworn.
I live with 
               
                  John
                   Turner
               



            , 
               
                  George
                   Whiteside
               



            , and 
               
                  Michael
                   Turner
               



            , they are linen draper


s, in Fleet-street; Mr. Maskill does business for them. On the 21st of March, I remember looking some linen out for Mr. Maskill, they were put into Mr. Maskill's cart; I did not see them put in, I did not hear of the loss till the day after; Mr. Maskill was after his man the same day, thinking he had lost them.
Q. Do you know any of these pieces again by the marks? - I don't think that I should.


                  JOHN
                   HARPER
               



             sworn.
I am porter to Messrs. Turner and Whiteside's; I remember, tying up thirty pieces for Mr. Maskill; they were tied up in Mr. Maskill's wrapper, in our usual way.
Q. Were the ends well secured? - They were, but in a large load the ends are easily untied; I delivered them to the cart myself.
Fellows. I looked out seventeen pieces of No. 11.
Q. Does this piece in question appear to be No. 11? - It does.
Q. What do you mean by No. 11? - It comes from Ireland No. 1, and I put a stroke on it and made it No. 11; I put a stroke on all the cloth I delivered to Maskill, all but six pieces.


                  ZIMRAN
                   CROOKS
               



             sworn.
On the 21st of March, I was coming from Soho-square, about half after seven in the morning, I was coming up a street that leads into Long-acre, and I heard some body cry out stop thief! directly two men runs by me, and they ran down the street that I came up, I don't know the name of the street; it leads into Long-acre, and I sat out after them, and I hallooed out stop thief! and in about half way down the street I saw somebody had stopped one, and before I got quite up to him I picked up the piece of cloth, about twenty yards before I came up to him, where they were stopped.
Q. Did you see any body drop that piece of cloth? - I did not, I was not nigh enough to see them drop it.
Q. Who was the man that was stopped? - I don't know only by seeing him at Bow-street.
Q. Can you say whether he was or was not one of the men that you saw running? - I cannot tell, no otherwise than by their stopping him, and his being in custody when I came up; I gave the cloth to the porter, and we all followed the cart together to Bow-street.
Oneal. When I turned about I saw my wrapper was undone, at the tail of the cart.

Q. Was there any board at the tail of the cart? - Yes, there was.


                  JAMES
                   ROWAN
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 126, Tottenham-court-road. On the evening of the 21st of March, I was in Mercer-street, Longacre, about half past seven I heard the cry of stop thief! and saw the prisoner run down Long-acre.
Q. Was there any with him? - No, he was running very hard; I ran into the road, and immediately laid hold of him; he came from the pavement into the middle of the road.
Q. How far might this be from the top of the street which leads into Longacre? - About twenty yards; I saw the cloth underneath his coat, before he dropped it, he had it so when I first saw him, he dropped it the instant I laid hold of him; I saw it was a bundle, but I could not tell what it was till it was brought up by Mr. Crooks. He instantly gave me a violent blow on the side of the head, which made me stagger, but having hold of his coat I recovered myself, and took hold of his collar, and called for assistance, he had gone three or four yards further then in this time, from where he quitted the cloth; at that instant Mr. Watts came up to me, and we secured him; Crook brought the cloth immediately as the prisoner was secured; when I laid hold of him there was no other person in the street.
Prisoner. Can you swear that I am the man that dropped the piece of cloth? - Yes, you are.


                  WILLIAM
                   WATTS
               



             sworn.
On Friday the 21st of March, I was in Mercer-street, Long-acre, about half past seven in the evening, I was with 
               
                  James
                   Rowan
               



            , and I heard the cry of stop thief! I saw the prisoner run, and saw Rowan run and catch hold of him.
Q. Did you see any body else in the street at that time? - No, I saw the prisoner drop the cloth, I and Rowan secured him, and we conducted him to Long-acre where the cart was, and from there to the office in Bow-street.
Q. In the scuffle had you gone from the place, where the cloth had dropped. at all? - The prisoner had by some means or other got a little beyond the cloth.
Prisoner. Can you swear that is the piece of cloth that belongs to that young man?
Oneal. This is the piece of cloth given me, and I have had it in my possession ever since.
Q. Do you know that to be one of the pieces put into the wrapper yourself? - I cannot say that.
Q. Did you examine the wrapper as soon as the man ran away? - No, I could not; when the cloth was brought back I examined it then, and I can safely say that I lost no goods after that, because I watched the hind part of my cart very particularly.
Fellows. This is marked No. 11, like the mark that I made, but I cannot swear to it, and that is cloth of the same kind and quality.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say; I should be very glad to go and serve his Majesty, if he would permit me. I have no witnesses here; I am a very poor man.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 33.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Baron THOMPSON.
