






494. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     PEYTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing four pieces of marble, value 30s. and two other pieces of marble, value 12s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Charlton
                  




               
            , May the 21st
.


                  THOMAS
                   CHARLTON
               



             sworn.
I am a mason
, No. 1, George-street, Grosvenor-square


: One Saturday morning in May, one of my men went to work, and found the shop broke open; he acquainted me with it; I went to the shop and found it broke open; a statuary slab was taken out of the shop, four feet long and two feet wide, and several other articles of marble; I know nothing of the prisoner taking it; I heard of another person being robbed, and went and found my property in Northumberland-street, on the premises of Mr. Polesham.


                  RICHARD
                   POLESHAM
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter: A piece of marble was taken by an officer from my kitchen occupied by the prisoner, No. 15, Northumberland-street, Mary-le-bonne; the prisoner came to lodge at my house the 7th of May; he brought to my house about a fortnight after some marble and stone, which is in Court; it was taken from my house about three weeks ago; I did not set the day down; it was on a Saturday after he was committed; the marble was produced in Court); the prisoner is a mason
.
- CROKER sworn.
I found this marble on Saturday the 7th of September, on the premises of the last witness; some in the kitchen and some in the yard; I had the prisoner in custody before that time; when this gentleman (Mr. Charlton) came, and said there is some of my property at such and such a place, and I went and found it and he owned it.
Prisoner. I had two cart loads of marble which I brought into the house when I first came there as a tenant, and I never carried any there since I bought it, and can prove that I bought it.


                  THOMAS
                   STRANGE
               



             sworn.
The biggest piece I cut from the block, and after I had cut this slab off I carried it and put it up in the shop.
Prisoner. What is the length of it? - A. I believe near two feet eleven inches.
Prisoner. He said before the Justice, that it was eight feet four.
Court. Q. Are you able to swear that that is the same you had in your shop? - A. Yes.
Court. Is there any other piece you know? - A. Yes; this long narrow piece; I know it by seeing it stand in the shop alongside of this polished just as it is, and I know it by its being cut crooked.
Prisoner. Before the Justice he said, he sawed it off the block four years ago.
Q. (To Charlton.) When was your shop broke open? - A. On a Saturday; I lost an amazing quantity of statuary; this is nothing at all to what I lost; this piece that is not cut strait I am very sure is mine, and the other I know to be mine; I know the others perfectly well; it is damaged stuff, cracked at the back; I put them together upon very bad lining, which is full of holes.
Prisoner. That piece that Mr. Charlton says he lined with his own hand, I did with my own hand; those other pieces were my father's.(The prisoner called Polesham, who gave him a very good character.)



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 37.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
