






117. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     GOODALL
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     MARSHALL
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of November
, fourteen furr tippets, value 4 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Slack
                  








                  ISAAC
                   SLACK
               



             sworn.
I am the brother of Mr. 
               
                  Joseph
                   Slack
               



            , he keeps two shops
, No. 42, and No. 45, Oxford-road


, I was in the shop, No. 45, and I saw the prisoner at the bar, Marshall, on the 13th of November, between four and five in the afternoon; I went out and went to No. 42, and saw he had Goodall with him in company, and communicated my suspicons to No. 42, afterwards I saw them by the door, each side, and I saw Marshall pull down some tippets, one of which he put under his coat and the other he kept in his hand; the tippets were about a yard from the door, hanging by the side, they were within reach of a man's arm if he stands on the threshold of the door, he made off and I followed him and took him in twenty yards; when I laid hold of him he threw one tippet down as I brought him to the house at 42, and the other fell from under his coat, after I had got him into the house, Goodall came into the shop and wished to excuse the other, and said, he was sure Marshall would not take them; on that I attempted to lay hold of him, because he was in company with Marshall at the time the tippets were stole; I was quite sure of that at that time; he got away amongst the crowd as fast as he could; there was a crowd about the door, he could not run because there were so many people; he was taken near an hour or an hour and a half after; nothing was found upon him at all; I don't think he was searched, he was taken immediately to the office in Marlborough-street; when he was before the Magistrate what he said was not taken in writting, nor did I make use of any persuasions or any body in my hearing; he said, it was the first offence, and he hoped they would let him get off this time and he would quit England; this was said by Goodall, Marshall said nothing at all; the tippets were delivered to our shopman, he has had them ever since.
Q. Then you have no reason to charge Goodall, but merely being in company with Marshall? - In the first instance Marshall and Goodall were by our shop and then he took them and gave them to Marshall.
Prisoner Marshall. I had no more than one, and I carried it open in my hand.


                  JOHN
                   PAINE
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  Joseph
                   Slack
               



            : at the time the two first tippets were stole I was in the shop 45; I saw the two prisoners but I did not see any thing they had got; about a quarter of an hour afterwards the two prisoners were round the door again, as I am told; I was out when I returned the two other tippets had been stole; Mr. Slack informed me what had happened, and delivered to me the two tippets; they were carried before the magistrate, and I have had them in my possession ever since. (Produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner Marshall. Please your Worship when I set off from my friends house in the morning, I went to Charles-street, Bartlet-square to a butler, and drank a little with him there: coming down Bond-street I met a friend that had just come from France; I went with him and had four pots of ale; he told me of a place of a gentleman just going abroad, to enquire at the Oxford coffee house, accordingly I called there and he was not at home; just as we got to Mr. Slack's house we parted and shook hands together; he returned back to go up Oxford-road, I left him and going by the prosecutor's door I saw this tippet lay by the prosecutor's doors; I picked it up, and was walking away with it openly in my hand; the prosecutor came and catched hold of me and took me into the shop, and when I got into the shop, he said, he would prosecute me if he could; I begged mercy; if I had meantit as a thief I should not have carried it in my hand; he told the gentleman of the office that I stole another tippet which he found on the ground by me; when I was before the justice I begged his pardon, and he said, you rascal if it was in my power I would hang you, and if you are not heavy enough, if I could have my will, I would pull your legs.
Prisoner Goodall. I left Marshall nigh the prosecutor's door and went on; I heard the cry of stop thief! I turned back and in about twenty yards I heard the thief was taken; accordingly I saw it was Marshall, he called me in, as as soon as I got in, the prosecutor took hold of me by the collar and said, sir, you have got the other two; he kept me about three minutes and then let me go; in the course of an hour and a half, two constables took me up and searched me and found nothing.
The prisoner Marshall called five witnesses to his character.
The prisoner Goodall called two.
Both 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
