






295. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIS
                  





               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSHUA 
                     BRUCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of February
, a man's cloth coat, value 1 l. 5 s
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Simeon 
                     Howard
                  




               
            .


                  SIMEON
                   HOWARD
               



             sworn.
I only come to prove my property.


                  WILLIAM
                   CRISP
               



             sworn.
I am thirteen.
Q. Be sure you say nothing but what is true. - I was walking by Mr. Howard's house between five and six o'clock, he keeps a cloths shop
, I see the by, the prisoner in the blue coat, Joseph Bruce cut down the coat from the door; 
               
                  Davis
               


             the other prisoner was very nigh him, Bruce gave it to Davis, and Davies run away, Bruce he followed him pretty fast; it was the 22d of February.
Q. Could you see very plainly? - I could, and I told the shopman of it immediately; I saw him at the Rotation office and knew him again.
- sworn.
I am the prosecutor's shopman, he lives in Whitechapel


; I had immediately turned my back from the door to put up a lamp, and the boy came and informed me, and I went out, and saw Davis in Red Lyon street about an hundred yards from the shop.
Q. Did you make fresh pursuit? - I did; he had the coat under his arm; I know nothing at all about Bruce.
Prisoner Davis. Coming from Whitechapel Church I heard the cry of stop thief, and a man ran very fast and dropped something; I calls out master you have lost something, he dropped the coat, I picked it up and put it under my arm.
Prisoner Bruce. I was coming up Red Lyon-street and this little boy and another were sky larking, throwing turnip tops about, and they heaved one at me, and I threatened them, and in about twenty minutes after I heard the cry of stop thief, and then he came and said, he see me cut down the coat.


                  John
                   Davis
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 33.)


                  Joshua
                   Bruce
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 15.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
