





535. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of October
, two blankets, value 10s. a bed-tick, value 23s. and a bolster-tick, value 6s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Glover
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Glover
                  



               
            .


                  CHARLES
                   GLOVER
               



             sworn. - I am an upholsterer

, in partnership with my brother, 
               
                  John
                   Glover
               



            , the corner of Albemarle-street, Piccadilly


: On Monday the 21st of October, 
               
                  Ann
                   Davis
               



             brought me the property mentioned in the indictment; I knew them to be mine.

Q. Did you never sell those articles? - A. No; not of that manufacture.


                  ANN
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Glover: My mother, in the country, desired me to ask the price of a bed-tick; I asked the man in the shop, the prisoner at the bar; he said, if I wanted a tick, he would let me have one much cheaper than I could have it of my master; nothing more was said for a fortnight afterwards; then he came into the kitchen, and asked me if I should want a tick; I told him I should not want it till my mother came out of the country in February; he said, very well; I was to give him a guinea for it.
Q. Did you get the bed-tick of him? - A. No, I did not; a fortnight ago last Friday, I told my master of it, and he desired I would buy it; my sister had the tick from him on the Friday night; the 17th of October I received the tick from my sister, my sister went with him and took them of him; as soon as I got it home, on Sunday the 20th of October, I gave it to my master, and the bolster-tick that I had from my sister; I paid him for them on Monday the 21st of October.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. How long, before you told your master of this, was it that you asked the price of the bed-tick? - A. About six weeks.
Q. The prisoner then told you he had one to dispose of? - A. He said he could help me to one.
Q. The prisoner and you lived in the house together? - A. Yes, we did.
Q. Has there been any less good understanding between you lately than at first? - A. No; we agreed very well all the time we lived together.
Q. Up to the time that he was taken up? - A. Yes.


                  MARY
                   EVANS
               



             sworn. - I am a sister to the last witness: On Thursday, the 17th of October, I had been at the other end of the town, and in coming home I called upon my sister; she told me the prisoner had offered to sell her a tick, that was to be brought to our house that night; we were at tea, and the prisoner came into the kitchen for a light; he asked me how long I should be before I went home; I told him in about an hour and a half I should be at home; he told me if I would go directly, he would walk with me; when I came up into the street, the prisoner was waiting at the door for me; we walked together to the second or third street from Mr. Glover's house; he then asked me which way I would go; I told him I should go along Leicester-fields, and Lincoln's-inn-fields, and down Holborn; he told me he had to call at Brewer-street, but before I reached Queen-street, he should overtake me; he overtook me with something in his apron; we walked together till we came to Aldersgate-street, where he went up a passage and knocked at a door; he told me he would be down again in a moment; he came down stairs and gave me the tick that is now produced; when he came down he had nothing in his apron; it was Maidenhead-court; when he gave me the tick, I said, I supposed my sister would satisfy him for it; he said very well; I searched the tick, but could not find any mark upon it; I put it in my drawer and kept it till Sunday; it was a bed-tick and a bolster-tick, and on Sunday afternoon my husband went up to let Mr. Glover know that such a thing was at our house; Mr. Glover sent my sister, and I gave them to her; they have been at Mr. Glover's ever since.


                  JOHN
                   MILLER
               



             sworn. - I belong to the Public-Office, Bow-street: On the 23d of October, I searched the prisoner's lodgings in St. John's-street, and found two blankets on the bed, which Mr. Glover said were his property.
Mr. Glover. This is the bolster-tick, it has our mark upon it; it is marked 7, 8, 4 treddle, with U and E upon it, that is our shop mark; the bed-tick is marked with a bu and u; we had missed them, and I am very confident we have never sold any such articles.
Q. Look at the blankets? - A. This is our blanket; it is marked with a G; we had four of them lying in the shop, and we missed two; the other blanket I cannot swear to, but this, I swear positively to.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. How do you know you had not sold them? - A. I had these very ticks in my hand, about seven weeks ago, and we had no such thing set down in our books; we have not sold any one tick of this sort since they have been marked, previous to that; there has not been any besides the one that we missed, but what has been sent out to customers in beds.
Q. How long has this man lived with you? - A. Twelve months last June, we had him from Mr. Seddon's in Aldersgate-street.
Q. You received a good character with him? - A. Yes.
Q. Does it not often happen that a blanket is lent to the servant to carry out goods in? - A. No; this is a fine large blanket; the blankets we use for wrappers are smaller than this, and old ones, and always marked with our name.
Prisoner's defence. I have no knowledge at all of taking them.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. BARON THOMPSON.
