







663. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     INNIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BURN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of July

, three wooden cases, value 6 s.
             the goods of 
               

                        Andrew 
                        Stirling
                     



                   and Co.






             and


                     JAMES 
                     ASH
                  




               
             for 


               feloniously receiving on the same day, the same goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Const.)


                  THOMAS
                   WATSON
               



             sworn.
Q. Did you live with Mr. Ash in July? - I did.
Q. Was you sent at any time to Messrs. Hunter and Spencer's? - I was.

Q. Did you at any time that you was sent see Innis and Burn? - I did.
Q. When was the first day you see Innis, did you on the 26th of July see Innis and Burn both of them? - I had orders to go to Bow Church-yard at five o'clock in the morning, as I was to bring a bundle from Burn; I did go on the 26th of July, and there I saw Innis and Burn; I was to have a bundle from Innis at five o'clock, but I had it not; but at half past five I had these cases both from Innis and Burn; I went at five and I had them at half after five.
Q. What did you do with them? - I was to take them to Mr. Ash. I knocked at the door and he said he would let me in in a minute, and the constable took both him and me into custody.
Q. By whose order did you go there? - Both by the order of Ash and his wife.
Q. Did they tell you for what purpose? - They said it was to receive some things of Mr. Hunter's porters.
Mr. Knowlys. So you got into a scrape, you was taken up? - I was.
Q. You know a man of the name of Keyworth? - I don't know him only by seeing him.
Q. These men was under his controul to obey his orders? - I have heard so since.
Q. He was the head porter? - I have heard so.
Q. He has run off? - I have heard so.
Mr. Fielding. As soon as you went in the morning and happened to see Innis and Burn, something was given you, these cases were given you; did you know what was to be given to you? - No.
Q. Then your order over night was to go there for something? - There was a strict charge given me not to tell one porter of what the other did, because I was told that the porter

s were going to cheat one another, I was to go out first at five o'clock to receive a parcel of Burn and then to bring it home, and go for one from Innis, and not to tell each other that I had been there.
Q. Then the instant you came to the door, before Ash said any thing to you the constable met you? - He did.
Q. And then the constable followed up his duty and took you both into custody? - He did.


                  KNIGHT
                   SPENCER
               



             sworn.
Q. Did you at any time find any packing cases which you supposed were your's? - I saw Mr. Watson with them on his knot in Cheapside, this was the morning of the 26th of July, we were on the watch for him, in consequence of an information we received; immediately as I see him I pointed out to the constable that that was the man he was to take care of; I did not go with the constable to Ash's house.


                  THOMAS
                   DICKENS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I went to Mr. Ash's on the morning of the 26th; when the door was opened, I seized Mr. Ash and the porter.
Q. What property did you find there? - We found the property afterwards in the course of three or four hours; we never quitted the house till a search warrant came, we found some callico wrappers and a sheet.
Q. What had Watson on him when you see him? - He had the cases on his back, and we followed him to Ash's house.
Mr. Fielding. You followed Watson with the cases? - These cases were laid down at the door, the man knocked at the door, Ash put his head out of the window, he said he would be down, to the best of my knowledge, in a minute, he came down, as soon as he came down, we seized himand the porter, and the cases were down close by the door, these are the cases.
Prosecutor. They are my cases.
Mr. Fielding. You sell many cases in that condition? - We do.
Court. Do you sell such cases as these are? - Those that are useful for repacking we keep for repacking, and what we do sell, we never sell to any but trunk makers.
Mr. Fielding. What are the names of your partners? - 
               
                  Andrew
                   Stirling
               



             and 
               
                  James
                   Hunter
               



            .
Q. I believe at this time you had a porter of the name Keyworth, he was an old porter in the house? - He was.
Q. These persons are younger than Keyworth? - They were.
Q. He as the older porter would be very likely obeyed by the younger ones? - I don't know that, he had no authority from us.
Q. Keyworth has since absconded, has not he? - I don't know, I have not seen him since his last examination at Guildhall.
Mr. Knowlys. I believe after this discovery in the morning you employed both these porters to carry goods for you, did they perform their business as usual? - They did.
Q. I believe you searched Innis's house and found nothing.
Court. Mr. Spencer could you have had other porters to send out these goods by? - The young man in the warehouse ordered the goods to be taken out by these people.
Q. Was you under any necessity or under any engagement to deliver them? - No.
Prisoner Ash. This Watson came with me and lived with me about nine days, he came when I was out, to my wife, he said he was in great distress and wanted work; my wife said she should want a man on Monday, which she did not know that we were engaged, for when I came home she told me that a man of the name of Watson had been there, that he was in great distress and would be glad to come to work for twelve shillings a week; I said I cannot say any thing more of him till I see him; he came again, and he said then that he was a carpenter by his trade, and he had worked for two masters and could not get his wages; I was out at this time, when I came home my wife told me of it, I said, I don't think, says I to my wife, that if he can get eighteen shillings a week he will come to me to do my dirty work for twelve shillings; he came again and my wife took him in, he came on Tuesday morning and said he would engage a room with my wife, which when my wife spoke to me about, I told her not to take a man in that I knew nothing of; by this that I would not take him in he said he would be revenged of me, my wife took him in however and at the end of the week she says to me he has not worked his time this week; I said it is your own doings, you should not have taken him in without a character; but on Saturday night she paid him the wages, he came again on Monday night, and my wife said to him except you work constant and keep your time it will not do; he went on Tuesday to breakfast about nine, and did not come back till nigh twelve; on Wednesday he went to dinner at twelve, and did not come in till between three and four, and my wife then said to him you will not do for us; and he has done what he has done out of spite.
The prisoner Innis called three witnesses, and the prisoner Burn one, who gave them very good characters.


                  EDWARD
                   STRICKLAND
               



             sworn.
I know 
               
                  Thomas
                   Watson
               



            , he was in our manufactory, and I would not believe him on his oath.
Mr. Const. Who applied to you to come here? - I was subpoened.

Q. Do you know much of Watson? - He worked in our manufactory for two or three years, it is better than a twelve month ago he was discharged from our house.
Q. Do you recollect any thing on which you found your opinion which you have given on oath? - He always told us a quantity of lies while doing the business with us; the latter part of his time he had twelve different warrants taken out against him by different women.
The prisoner Ash called five witnesses who gave him a good character.


                  William
                   Innis
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 31.)


                  Charles
                   Burn
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)





               Transported for seven years
            .


                  James
                   Ash
               



            , 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 40.)




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
