






141. 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     CAROL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of January
, thirty feet of sir joint timber, value 3s. twenty feet of fir posts, value 4s. sixteen pieces of oak plank, value 10s. and forty feet of sir timber, value 5s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Stevenson
                  



               
             the elder
, 
               
                  John 
                  Stevenson
               



             the younger
, and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Blackwell
                  



               
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  JOHN
                   FOSTER
               



             sworn.
I am the clerk to the prosecutors of this indictment, they keep the Horse Shoe brewhouse


, in Bembridge-street


, their names are 
               
                  John
                   Stevenson
               



             the elder, John Stephenson the younger, and John Blackwell.


                  WILLIAM
                   GODFRY
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter, I was employed on the premises of Messrs. Stevenson at the Horse Shoe Brewhouse.
Q. Do you know whether there was any wood lost on their premises? -  Yes, there was a good deal lost, but I cannot prove the time when it was lost.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you perceive that wood was missing? - Yes, the prisoner lives in the same street, about one hundred yards off; he is a shoe maker, he lives in Bembridge-street, No. 3. I live in Great Russel street, Bloomsbury. Friday night, the 10th of January, I was sent for to the brewhouse and had some information that made me apply for a search warrant, I got one on Saturday morning, about eleven o'clock, I went with it to the prisoner's house, and two officers were with me, we went into the front room, the parlour, where the prisoner was making shoes, his wife desired the officer to tell what he wanted, he was present, I do not recollect that he said any thing that time, she said the would bring it him if she had it, the officer asked if they had any timber or wood.
Q. Was that loud enough for the prisoner to hear? - It was, then she fetched the key of the kitchen, she said she had some in the kitchen, we went to the kitchen door together and I went out into the yard, the prisoner we left in the front room behind, and I went into the yard, and there I saw two pieces of timber, joist fir timber, I immediately said that it belonged to Mr. Stevenson's and Co.'s brewhouse; I said that, and the prisoner immediately answered and said, that was the only two pieces he had from the brewhouse, I am certain that he said that one of them the bricklayer gave to him; he said his name was Hogan. I asked him if he knew Hogan, the bricklayer? these were found across the yard, on the top of the yard; after that we went into the kitchen, and he followed us, as we went down under the stairs, there we perceived a large quantity more, they handed it out to me, and directly as I put my hand on the timber I said I knew it to be Mr. Stevenson's property; they are called tye pieces; there were some boards also lay at the bottom of the stairs, there was a large quantity that I had not the least doubt but what it belongs to Mr. Stevenson's, though I had no particular marks for it.
Q. Now having looked down stairs where else did you go? - We went into the back yard again, and there are two little sheds, one on the left and one on the right, that on the right hand the door was open, we looked into it, nothing was there at all; the prisoner was there in the yard at this time, and when the officer asked him what was in the other? he said that he had let that place to an old woman and she was gone out, there was nothing there. The officers began to break the door open, he said as I was a carpenter I knew better how to get the door open; we opened the door and there we saw a large quantity of wood more, this was not all fir, there were two oak planks, about eight feet long each of them. I had no particular mark for them myself.
Q. Was Hogan with you the time the search was made? - No, he was not, he has seen these planks since, and he knows them.

Q. Did you find any thing else that you know to be the property of the prosecutor? - We found a piece with two streaks of iron nailed on the side before we began to pull down the building, it stood under the upper lost.
Q. How much do you think there was contained in this shed? - As much as five or six men could carry, the posts were about seven inches square, and about five or six feet long, the wood is here. There is one piece of joist new stuff, that I had matched, the fellow piece to it, found at the brewhouse.
Q. Did the prisoner say any thing with regard to the rest of the wood? - He did not.
Mr. Knapp. Mr. Godfry, what is the firm of Messrs. Stevenson's? - John Stevenson the elder, John stevenson the younger, and William Blackwell.
Q. No body else? - I don't know that there is.
Q. Did you know that the prisoner lived where you described you went before? - I never knew that he lived there before.
Q. Mr. Stevenson went before the magistrate? - He did.
Q. Did he swear it to be his property alone, and not the property of the partnership?
Court. He knew it was what belonged to the brewhouse.
Mr. Knap. The wife told you that if there was any wood you should see it? - Yes, she did.


                  Q. 
               


            Then she made no difficulty at your seeing what wood there might be there? - I dont't know that she did.
Q. She said there was an old woman that had ashed in the yard? - She did not, but he did, he said it when he was in the yard.


                  Q. 
               


            Did he say at the same time that she lodged there? - He did not say that she lodged there.


                  Q. 
               


            Did not you know at the whole time that there were different lodgers in this house? - I did not.
Q. Nor have you ever heard that there were different lodgers in this house? - No further than I heard that she let out beds to women.
Q. Not to men? - To men I suppose as well as women. The wife of the prisoner said she would fetch the key, and she did fetch the key directly.
Q. The prisoner then was left in the front room, was he left by himself? - He was not, there was an officer with him, and another man stood at the door.
Q. Afterwards when he knew you were enquiring about all these pieces of wood he came to you into the yard? - He did.
Q. Did you ever hear the prisoner had any other trade than a shoemaker? - I never heard no farther then I have heard Hogan say that he was a bricklayer's labourer, I never recollect seeing the man.


                  JONATHAN
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. 
               
                  Godfry
               


             the last witness.


                  JAMES
                   KENNEDY
               



             sworn.
I am an officer of the police office in Marlborough-street.
Q. Did you go to execute the search warrant at the prisoner's house? - Yes, on the 11th of this month. When I went into the house I saw the prisoner at the bar and his wife, I told them I had a search warrant to search for stolen property; his wife made answer, what was it? I told her it was timber; says she, here is the key I will shew you some timber that we have got. I went down to the kitchen, and there was a quantity of timber that she had got, Mr. Godfry was along with me, and he pointed out what timber belonged to Mr. Stevenson, I think we found ten pieces about two or three yards long, there was some flooring and other thick pieces of wood, in the yard there was a very large piece there, Mr. Godfry said that belonged to Mr. Stevenson; the prisoner was in the front parlour at that time, in custody with another officer.

Q. Did you go into the yard first, along with Mr. Godtry? - I did.
Q. Did you see the prisoner at all in the yard? - I did.


                  Q. 
               


            While he was in the yard did he say any thing? - He did say something, but I cannot recollect what it was; here was a little house, there was no person in it, but only an old woman that lodged in it, the windows were broke, I looked in at the windows, and I saw a great deal of timber in it, I burst open the door; which wood found there, the carpenter said belonged to Mr. Stevenson, that is all that I know about it; I think it was the prisoner said that an old woman lodged in it; there was a fire place in it, but no appearance of a lodging.
Q. You talk of an officer being with the prisoner, had the prisoner any opportunity of making his escape, if he had been so inclined? - No.
Mr. Knapp. Do you know whether any body lodged in this house, besides the old woman? - This was in the yard, but I dare say there were lodgers in the house, both men and women.
Q. Of course these men and women that lodge in the house had access to all parts of the house.
Q. Then this place in the yard had the appearance of a lodging house, because there was a fire place? - Yes.
CONSTANT HOGAN sworn.
Q. Was you at any time at work on these premises of Mr. Stevenson's? - Yes, I am a bricklayer, I know the prisoner at the bar.
Q. Before the search warrant took place did you see the prisoner on the premises at any time? - Yes.
Q. Was there any conversation passed between you? - Yes, he asked me for a piece of joist that lay there.
Q. What kind of wood was it? - Fir; it lay on the outer part of the bottom scaffold.
Q. Did he say what he wanted it for? - He said he was going to build a shed, I told him he should not have it.
Q. Did you afterwards change your mind, and give it him? - No, I did not give it him.
Q. Did you at any time give him any wood? - No, never.
Q. What time of the day was this? - It might be about half after eleven, two or three days before it was found in his house.
Q. Do you know what became of that piece afterwards; did it remain there? - When I came back from dinner that day, I missed it, in the course of the afternoon I met the prisoner, he came opposite the building as usual; I said to him I perceive you have taken that piece? no, says he, I have not.
Q. Then you charged him with having taken it, and he denied it? how long was this before he was taken up? - A day, or two, or three.
Q. Did you ever see the piece of timber again? - I see it when it was brought back in the caravan.
Q. Did you see where the caravan came from? - I see it set down in the street.
Q. Who brought that piece? - It came along with the rest in the cart.
Q. With whom? - 
               
                  John
                   Davis
               



            , and the constable.
Q. Is that piece here? - It is on the outside.
Mr. Knapp. Hogan, you are a bricklayer, you work for Stevenson? - Yes.
Q. This was a day, two, or three, before the prisoner was apprehended, that he came and asked you, if you could spare that particular piece. This wood might easily be taken by any body else, and conveyed to the prisoner's possession? - There is no doubt of that.



                  Q. 
               


            And the property laying in a public manner, it was very easy for persons so inclined, to have taken it? how long have you known the prisoner at the bar? - Some years.
Q. Has he lived long in that neighbourhood? - He has lived there some time, and keeps houses, at least rents houses.
Q. Do you know whether in this house that they have been talking of, there were any lodgers? - It is hard for me to answer, when I never was inside of his doors.
Mr. Knowlys. What houses are these? - I don't know.
Q. Let them produce the wood.(Produced and deposed to)
Mr. Knapp to Godsey. Do you know to your own knowledge that this is the prisoner's house? - Yes, he said it was his house.
Prisoner. My door is generally open about five o'clock in the morning, and these people might bring the wood in without my knowledge; I am generally out of doors all the day about my business.


                  JAMES
                   KIDNEY
               



             sworn.
I am a bricklayer, I know the prisoner, Carol, I was workman to Mr. Carol, to build a chimney for him; it was last Saturday week, I asked whether Mr. Carol was at home, I was informed he was not at home, he would be in presently; in the course of that day while I was at work there, I saw a labouring man bring in a large piece of timber, it was a long piece, about sixteen or seventeen feet long, it seemed to be an old piece, which Mrs. Carol asked me to lend the man a hand with it, to put it out on the shed in the back yard; we heaved it on the top of the shed, across the tiles; in the course of a trisle of minutes the same man brought some more in.
Q. Do you know what timber that was? - He went through the passage and left it in the yard, and said nothing, but came out; it seemed to be a dirty piece, I did not see him put it into the yard, but I saw him walk back again into the street, he said nothing at all.
Q. What else did you observe? - Nothing else.
Q. Was there any questions asked of this man about these things? - The first time he asked Mrs. Carol whether she would buy some old timber, and she asked him where he got it, and whether he honestly got it, and he asked the price of a pot of beer, and she put her hand in her pocket, and gave him something, but I cannot tell what she gave him; there were two pieces came at first, but what he fetched last, I don't know.
Mr. Knowlys. This was last Saturday seven-night? Had the clock gone four or five in the afternoon? - When this took place it was in the morning, between eight and nine.
Q. Where was Mr. Carol then? - I did not see him, for I was waiting to see him.
Q. How long did you wait for him? - About half an hour, or better.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you come again at all that day? - No, I did not.
Q. You was sent to build a chimney, was not you? - I was.
Q. Did you ask this man where he came from? - I did not, it was not my business.
Q. Did Mrs. Carol ask him where he came from? - She did, he said it was no matter to her.
Q. Did not she ask the question again? - She did, he made the same answer again.
Court. You are not conscious, there is not a man in the court believes a word of what you have said. Are you sworn? - Yes.

Q. What religion are you? - A roman.
Q. Then she asked a second time and he gave the same answer? - Yes.
Q. Do you know that you are as much bound to speak the truth as if you was sworn on the cross? - I know that.
Mr. Knowlys. Did she ask him a third time where he came from? - No.
Q. You told her it was odd he would not tell where he came from? - I told her no such thing.
Q. It did not at all alarm you? -  It did not.
Q. She then directed him where to put it? - No, she did not.
Q. Who directed him where to put it? - He left the piece in the passage, a long piece.
Q. Was that the first or the second piece that he left in the passage? - The first piece.
Mr. Knowlys. My learned friend asked you whether you was alarmed; this was not your own house? - I had nothing to do with the house.
Court. A pretty piece of timber seventeen feet long, only worth a pot of beer? - He said his master would call and he would settle with them.


                  MICHAEL
                   DONAHOUGH
               



             sworn.
I am a plaisterer; I know the prisoner at the bar; I was at his house last Saturday week, and a labouring man came to the door, and brought two pieces of wood, and asked Mrs. Carol whether she would buy it? she asked him whether it was his own? and he said his master had given him that wood to make some beer of.
Q. Did you know this labouring man again? - No, it I was to see him again I should know him. She asked him what was the price of it? but he said she was to give him the price of a pot of beer, and his master would call in a little time, and set a price on the wood; then she puts her hand into her pocket and gave him some halfpence, whether it was three-pence or four-pence, I cannot tell.
Q. What sort of timber was it? - It was a long piece, about sixteen or seventeen feet long, it had been used before.
Q. Are you acquainted with timber? was it fir timber? - It was fir, to the best of my knowledge, one piece was deal, but the others I cannot say; the man after putting this down went away, and he came in again in five or six minutes, and asked no questions; and went through the passage, leaving some more pieces, and laid them in the yard, and there he left them and went out again.
Q. Do you know what wood they were? - I went along with a young fellow that worked along with me, and I saw a piece in the yard, one round piece, with a piece of iron nailed to the end of it, another piece that had been used, smashed down at one end.
Court. Have not you seen a piece of this kind just now? - I have seen it to the best of my opinion, I cannot swear to it.
Mr. Knapp. Where do you live? - No. 4, Cock Pitt-alley, Druty-lane.
Q. How long have you been acquainted with the man at the bar? - Seven or eight years.
Q. What brought you to the house this day? - I came to buy some goods that he had to dispose of, some beds, I keep a lodging house.


                  Q. 
               


            What time was this? - Between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, not earlier than that.
Q. Who were there? - There was Mrs. Carol there, and her children.
Q. Was there any woman with Mrs. Carol? - No, except the servant maid, and she went out when I went in.

Q. Did the servant maid return while this business was going on at all? - I did not see her.
Q. Then she was out of the way entirely? - She was.
Q. The man brought a piece of timber there; how came he to come there with it, do you know? - It is the man that lodges with him, I recommended him there, his name is Kidney.
Q. How came the man with the wood there? - He came to sell it, I suppose.
Q. Carol does not deal in timber, does he? - Not that I know of.
Q. Was the door open or shut? - The street door was open.
Q. Where was you and Mrs. Carol at the time he came? - In the parlour.
Q. Was the parlour window open? - No.
Q. Was there any appearance of wood at the door? - Not when I went there.
Q. How came the man to call in here to sell wood? - That is a part I cannot tell.
Q. So when the man came in Mrs. Carol asked him how he came by it? - He came in and knocked against the wainscot and says, mistress, will you buy any wood?
Q. Did Mrs. Carol ask him where he came from? - She asked if the wood was his own? He said it is was his master's.
Q. Upon your oath did she ask him this question, where did you bring it from? I will have an answer. - I did not hear her say it.


                  Q. 
               


            If she had asked that question should you have heard it? - I did not hear her say it, if she had, I dare say I must have heard it.


                  Q. 
               


            Then she did not ask him that question twice? - She asked him whether it was his property.
Q. Then you did not hear her ask that question; and you think you should have heard it, it she had asked it; and the man never said to her what is that to you where it comes from? - Yes, I believe there was such a word as that came from him; said he, it is my master's property, it makes no difference to you.
Q. Did he say it was his master's property first? - Yes.
Q. Then how came you to say that he said his master had given it him to get a pint of beer with.


                  JOHN
                   PINNELL
               



             sworn.
I knew the prisoner at the bar for about a fortnight or three weeks, I was pulling down part of an old wall where I was at work in Dyot-street, pulling down this wall I pulled out two pieces of timber about six feet long, four inches wide and three inches thick, and I gave it to Mr. Carol.
Q. Whose wall was it? - Mr. Wallis's in Long-acre, it was between two roofs, between the prisoner's and Mr. Wallis's, and the piece was put in to tie the two roofs together; the timber belonged to Mr. Carol, that I gave to him.


                  DANIEL
                   MACARTHY
               



             sworn.
I am a labouring man, I know the prisoner; Mrs. Carol met me in the street and asked me if I wanted a job? I I told her I did, this was the Saturday after Christmas day; she took me to one of the New-street houses.
Q. Whose houses were they? - I don't know, she said they were her own, she asked me to move some goods away there; and I moved some beds and bedding, chairs and tables, and some otherarticles, and some wood to her house in Bembridge-street, from her house in New-street.
Q. What fort of wood? - There were three pieces of plank, one was sawed in two, and another was six or seven feet long, and some other small pieces besides, I put them in a bit of a back shed in the yard.
Q. Who desired you to put them there? - Mrs. Carol, and when I had done she gave me eighteen pence, a pint of beer, and some bread and cheese.
The prisoner called twelve witnesses besides who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 40.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before
Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
