





54. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SALTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of November
, a wooden till, value 1s. and five shillings in money
            , the property of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Thomas
               




            .


                  MARY
                   THOMAS
               



             sworn. - I keep a chandler's shop
 in Fleet-market


: On Sunday night, the 25th of November, I saw the shop door open, and a woman holding it; a young man went out to see what was the matter; I then heard the till fall; I went behind the counter, and saw the prisoner there; I called out that there was a thief, and the young men that are here as witnesses came to my assistance.


                  Q. 
               


            Which way do you believe he came in? - A. At the street door.

Q. What became of the woman at the door? - A. She ran away.
Q. If he had come walking in upright, should you have seen him? - A. Yes; I gave charge of the prisoner to the watchman.


                  WILLIAM
                   BEDFORD
               



             sworn. - I am an apprentice to a gold-beater; I was at the prosecutor's house on Sunday evening, the 25th, about a quarter past ten; we observed the door being held open about five or six inches; Mrs. Thomas asked me to go to the door; I went as quick as I could to the woman at the door, and asked her what business she had there, and she ran away; upon shutting the door, I was alarmed by the till and the money falling on the ground; I was by the side of the counter; I looked over the counter, and saw the prisoner on his knees; upon seeing him, he instantly went upon all fours, upon his hands and knees; he must have gone all round the counter, which is about seven feet and a half long, to get to the till, and the till went quite close to the back of the counter, eighteen inches long at least: my brother came out, and I went and got a watchman, and when I came back, the prisoner was there, and my brother with him behind the counter.
Q. If he had come in upright, must you have seen him? - A. We must.


                  THOMAS
                   BEDFORD
               



             sworn. - I am the brother of the last witness; I was at Mrs. Thomas's on Sunday, the 25th, with my brother; we observed a woman looking in at the door several times; we supposed it was some neighbour whose curiosity had led them to look who was there; my brother went to the door, and she went away, and while he was returning from the door, I heard the till fall; I went behind the counter, and saw the prisoner upon his hands and knees; I asked him what he did there; he said, he wanted a pint of beer; I desired my brother to go for a watchman, and he was taken to the Compter.


                  SAMUEL
                   HUTCHINS
               



             sworn. - I took the prisoner into custody; I asked him what he did there; he said, he wanted a pint of beer, and if we would let him have a pint of beer, he would be very much obliged to us.


                  Q. 
               


            (To Mrs. Thomas). How much money had you in the till? - A. I cannot tell exactly.
Q. Was there five shillings? - A. Yes; a great deal more than that.
Prisoner's defence. I was very much in liquor, and how I came there I do not know.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 18.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
