





24. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WATSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th day of November
 last, a silver tea-spoon, value 15 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Raw
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   RAW
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 19, Ogle-court. Queen Ann-street, East


; I lost a silver tea-spoon on Friday, the 5th of November last, from off my table, in the front parlour; I was not at home, my wife was out, my child was standing by the table; it was found in about an hour in the hands of a Jew named Hart Solomon; the spoon was marked M. P.


                  ANN
                   RAW
               



            ,
Did you ever take an oath? - No, Sir.
Have you been taught your catechism? - Yes.
Have you never been told what will become of you, if you are a naughty girl and tell stories? - Go to hell, Sir.


                  ANN
                   RAW
               



             sworn.


                  Robert
                   Watson
               



             came into our house on Friday morning the 5th of November; he was a stranger to me, I never saw him before, he is the man, he came into the front parlour about nine in the morning, I was in the room, nobody else, my grandmother was in the back parlour; I asked him who he wanted; he said, is the landlady at home? I said no; and my grandmother in the back parlour called out, who is that? and he stepped into the back parlour; he said, is the landlady at home, I have a nice leg of pork for her; my grandmother said no; she is not; he had nothing in his hand, he came out and went to the door, and came in again, and went into the back parlour again, and asked when she would come in; and he comes into the front parlour to me, and said, go and tell your mammy that Mr. Jones wants you; I said I cannot leave the parlour, nor I shall not for you; then he pushed me from the table and said, tell your mammy I will call in half an hour; I saw no more of him, till he was taken, about ten the same morning.
Did you observe him take any thing? - No, I did not see him take it, but it was on the saucer when he came into the room;my mother came in and missed it; I did not.


                  FRANCES
                   HAMMOND
               



             sworn.
Deposed to the same effect, as to hearing the prisoner coming into the back parlour, and was sure the prisoner was the man.
HART SOLOMON sworn.
I am a Jew; on Friday morning, I do not remember the day of the month, it was this day five weeks (5th of November) the prisoner called clothes, and he went into a house for a minute or two, and he came out again, and said come this way; I went to him, and he asked me to do him a favour; I said I would if I could; he asked me to go to No. 38, Portland-place, that he was going for a soldier, and was to have five guineas; I shewed him the way, and going along he pulled out a tea-spoon, and asked me two shillings; I felt the weight of it, and offered him one shilling and three pence for it; I bought it of him, and gave it to Mr. Raw the prosecutor; he found me with the prisoner at No. 38, he bid me wait for him, to sell me some more old clothes.
Prisoner. What house did I go into? - I do not know, I went in no house with him but a public-house before we got to Portland-place.
Prosecutor. I found the prisoner and this witness in Portland-place; I took the child with me, and when she saw the Jew standing at the door, she said, daddy, that is one of the men: the prisoner was in the gentleman's house at that time; the child pointed to the Jew, who stood at the door; as soon as the prisoner came out I seized him at the door; the child said that was the man, she knew them both.
Court to the little girl. You said nothing about the Jew man? - No, Sir, the Jew stood over the way, right opposite our house, at No. 4, during the time the other man came in; they both went together, I am sure of the Jew man.


                  JOHN
                   WILLIS
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter; on the 6th of November I was at work in Portland-place, and I heard the little girl give a description of the prisoner and the Jew opposite, and I went there and saw two men answering the description, and I came and told Mr. Raw, I went back with Mr. Raw and the child; as soon as we took them, the Jew confessed he had the spoon in his breeches, I heard him say so; he wanted to pull it out, and opened the button, and I said, if you have it you may keep it till we get to the office.
Raw. He delivered it me, I have it now; (Produced, marked M. P. and deposed to.) my wife bought it at a pawnbroker's; I had no more so marked.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went into this shop to buy a leg of pork, and asked the little girl if her master or mistress was at home; she said no; I went out again, and came in again, and asked her if she could serve me; I saw the Jew over the way, and said to him, I will humbly thank you to shew me where General 
               
                  Harcourt
               


             lives; he said, if you will give me a glass, I will shew you; we went to the public-house, and he was a penny and I was a penny, but I never saw the spoon or the sight of one.
Jury to the little girl. Had any other person been in the front parlour before the prisoner? - Not any body.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
