





174. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  PARKS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of February
, a silver watch, value 30s. a steel chain, value 6d. two cornelian stone seals, set in gold, value 5s. a brass watch-key, value 1d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Watkins
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY
                   WATKINS
               



             sworn.
I live in Greville-street, Hatton-garden, I am an auctioneer
: On this day fortnight, the 4th of this month, I was coming down Fleet-street


, and as I was passing the Globe-tavern, at half past seven in the evening, there was a scaffolding up, and a heap of rubbish round it, they were repairing and ornamenting the front; just as I had passed the end of it, there was a glare of light, I walked pretty briskly to get past, and at the end of it, tow rds the Fleet-market, I had my watch taken from my pocket, by a sudden jirk, by a well-dressed man; he went on directly; I clapped my hand to my pocket, and missed my watch, I sprang after him, and just touched his shoulder, he turned the corner, and I, endeavouring to do the same, had a violent fall, and just my ancle; I had an opportunity of seeing his face; as he took the watch, he turned as if he was going to speak to me, but it was very momentary; the prisoner at the bar appears to me to be the man, but having only that glance of him by the glare of light, and following his back, he appears to be the same, though he was very different in his dress to what he is now; he had a brown great coat; I saw obliquely his face, the corner of Salisbury-court, he ran towards Fleet-market; on the opposite side of the way; I had like to have been run over by a coach, as I believe he had; he then turned back and ran towards Salisbury-court; I will not be positive to his face; my watch was afterwards found; I went before the Magistrate the next day; a gentleman brought an advertisement of a watch found in Shoe-lane, where the prisoner was taken, to apply at No. 2, Shoe-lane; I was sitting with the Alderman, he shewed me the hand-bill, and said, Watkins, here is your watch, and he sent for the party.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You very candidly say, you cannot swear to the man? - A. The prisoner at the bar is very like the man that passed by me, and took the watch, and that I pursued; I lost sight of him in Salisbury-court, till he was taken in Shoe-lane.
Court. Q. How came he to be taken? - A. I followed him to the corner of Salisbury-court, where I was exceedingly same, and could not pursue him.
Q. Did you cry stop thief? - A. I did not, after I fell down; at first I halloa'd out stop thief, and he ran towards Shoe-lane.

Q. When he was taken, did you come up to him? - A. I did, in a few minutes.
Q. When you came up to him, what coat had he on? - A. A brown coat; and appeared to be the man I pursued.
Q. Did you charge him, at that time, with having robbed you? - A. I did; some people said they would take care of him; I said, there should be a constable sent for to take him to the watch-house; they took him, as I thought, to St. Bride's watch-house; as I went by I found it shut; and somebody said, he was taken to the Compter; I went to the Compter, and found him there.
Q. Did any thing pass between you there? - A. Nothing; only I said, you are a clever person, I give you credit for your abilities.
Mr. Knapp. Q. It was half past seven in the evening? - A. Yes.
Q. A great number of people were passing? - A. There were.
Q. You got into a crowd, and endeavoured to extricate yourself from it? - A. Yes.
Q. You were not by when the prisoner was taken? - A. No.
MORE PRICE sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Rowen, at the Globe tavern, Fleet-street: This day fortnight I had been out on business for my master; and I returned between seven and eight in the afternoon; I went through our coffee-room into the kitchen; I turned into the yard, and heard some people mustering in the street; I ran out at a back door, and heard the cry of "stop thief;" I saw Mr. Watkins, just at the end of Salisbury-court, try to catch at the prisoner with a small stick; upon which, he cried, "stop thief;" the prisoner passed me, from Mr. Watkins, up into Shoe-lane; he ran up Shoe-lane, and I ran after him; just at the bottom of Shoe-lane I clapped my hand upon his shoulder, and told him he must stop; there came up two men and said, they would take care of him, and rushed between him and me; I said, I would not lose him; one gave me a blow on the back part of my head; I turned round, and looked at the prisoner; he took the watch out of his pocket, and chucked it under his left arm.
Q. You did not see what sort of a watch it was? - A. No; it was a watch and chain; Mr. Watkins came up, and said, hold him, he has robbed me; they made another attempt to take him from me; I would not let them; and the constable, Bird, came up to assist me; the constable went with me down Fleet-street; and he dropped a bag, with something in it, which was picked up; we took him to the Compter; that is all I know; he had a brown great coat up, with straps backwards and forwards; he had a close coat under it; but I did not take particular notice of it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q. You heard the cry of stop thief? - A. Yes; and I saw Mr. Watkins trying to catch him; when he cried stop thief, he passed me; he was running.
Q. And other persons were running also? - A. only a few boys.
Q. After some time you stopped the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Q. Two men came up and interfered? - A. Yes.
Q. That took up some time? - A. A very little time; I never lost my hold of him; they tried to get between me and him.
Q. How far might the prisoner have gone, or what might be the distance between where Mr. Watkins first pursued him, and where you took him? - A. It might be one hundred yards; it was not two hundred yards before he came to the first turning, I think Harp-alley.
Q. Did these two men go with you afterwards? - A. I did not perceive them afterwards.
Q. There was a good deal of opportunity for this man, if he had the watch in his possession, to have thrown it away; he did not pretend to drop it in the pursuit? - A. Not till he was taken; I saw him pull it out of his right hand pocket, and chuck it out of his hand.
Q. You were not there at the time Mr. Watkins lost his watch? - A. No.
Q. Therefore it was some time after he lost his watch that the prisoner was apprehended? - A. Yes.
Q. You swear positively he threw the watch from him? - A. I am positive.
Jury. Are you sure it was a watch? - A. Yes; because I saw the chain.
Jury. And you did not take it up? - A. No; there was a crowd.
Q. Mr Watkins came up? - A. Yes; and desired me to hold him.
Q. Why did not you desire Mr. Watkins to look after the watch? - A. I told somebody to pick it up, but the mob came in so upon me, that I could not; Mr. Watkins cried out that he was hurt.


                  WILLIAM
                   BIRD
               



             sworn.
I am a milkman: On the 4th of February, between seven and eight in the evening, I was in company with Mr. Stapleton; going down Fleet-street, I saw the prisoner coming, with three other men, as I supposed, to pick his pocket; I followed him up and down the street several times, in pursuit of several people, attempting to pick pockets; I ass in a minute lost him; and Stapleton and me ran down Fleet-street; I observed theprisoner at the bar in particular; when I came down Shoe lane I saw the prisoner in hold; there was a mob at the end of Shoe-lane; Stapleton and me went into the mob to see what was the matter, and I saw the prisoner, knowing him immediately, in the custody of Mr. Watkins, and Price, the last witness; I enquired what was the matter; and I heard that a gentleman had had his pocket picked of his watch; and that that was the man that did it; there were a number of people about, as I thought, endeavouring to rescue him away; and I said, give me hold of him, I will take care of him; and desired Stapleton to assist me; I took him by the collar, and told him he must go to the Compter; says he, I will go with you; going down Fleet-street, I had him by the collar; he was shuffling about a good deal, and he pulled a large black bag out of his pocket; I saw him drop it; Mr. Stapleton took it up; I intended to take him to St. Bride's watch-house, but it was shut up, and we went to take him to the Compter; he made several attempts to get from me; and if it had not been for the assistance I had with me, I have no doubt but he would have got away.
Q. You did not lose sight of him more than two minutes? - A. It is as much as it possibly could be; the last time I saw him was at Smith and Hartley's door, opposite Serjeant's-inn.
Court. Q. Did you see him near the Globe tavern, Fleet-street? - A. No; that was the time I lost sight of him; I was running down Fleet-street, very near the time the robbery must have been committed.
Court. Q. When you saw the prisoner with the other three men, was he running? - A. Yes; I had been watching them some time up and down Fleet-street.


                  JOHN
                   STAPLETON
               



             sworn.
I was with the last witness, Bird, in Fleet-street, in the same manner that he has related; and after the prisoner was taken in Shoe-lane, I went with him to the Compter.
Q. Did you lose sight of the prisoner? - A. Yes, I did; and Bird and I lost sight of each other; I had lost sight of the prisoner about two minutes; we had been watching them up and down Fleet-street several times.
Q. At the time you lost sight of them were they walking or running? - A. Walking; I saw him throw something away, which I supposed was the watch; instead of that it was this bag, (Producing it); there was nothing in it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q. And will you swear that he is the same man you saw in Fleet-street? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN
                   RAKIN
               



             sworn.
I am a taylor, I was out upon my father's business; coming down Shoe-lane, on the right hand side of the way, between the Globe tavern passage and the corner of Shoe-lane, I picked up this watch, (Producing it); the glass was broke; one of the doors of the Globe tavern is in Shoe-lane; when I came to the corner of Shoe-lane, I heard a gentleman had been robbed, and they had taken the man to the Compter.
Mr. Watkins. This is my watch, my Lord; there was another seal to it, but that is gone; and the case is gone; I cannot swear either to the maker's name, or the number; with respect to the seal, there is my own initial upon it; it is a remarkable small watch; I have not any doubt about its being mine.
Mr. Ally. Q. I understand the outside case is not to that watch? - A. No.
Q. There was an outside case to that watch when you lost it? - A. Yes.
Q. You have not seen it since? - A. No.
Q. You don't know the maker's name, nor number of the watch? - A. No.
Q. As to the seal there is the letter W upon it? - A. Yes.
Q. There are a great many persons, the initial of whose name begins with W? - A. It is very true, certainly; I have no doubt about it; the seal I will swear to.
Jury. Q. Have you had this watch lately? - A. No; it is a watch that belonged to a person in Clare-market; it was not cleared at a sale, and I have wore it ever since.
Prisoner's defence. I have been about four weeks and eight days in London, since I came from Porssmouth; I was second-mate on board a ship there, and I lest her in consequence of some words with the officer; I came up to London to go on board an Indiaman; I expected a parcel to come for me, at the White-horse, Fetter-lane, and I took this bag to get the parcel; hearing a cry of stop thief, in Fleet-street, I saw a few people cross the way, from one side of the way to the other, I joined the pursuit, with an intent to apprehend the people that were running and going up Fetter-lane, or whatever the lane is; I am not positive to the turning, but I believe it is Shoe-lane; I went up there, and in consequence of running up there, a person took hold of me, and said, he supposed me to be the person that had robbed the gentleman that was behind; I told him, I dare say he was mistaken, but if he thought I was the person, I would stay till the gentleman came up, and when he came up, he said, he supposed me to be the person, and six or seven people came up and took me to the Compter; I never saw the watch; the gentleman in the blue coat said, I had it and threw it fromunder my arm, but I never had the watch; I told him I was willing to stop till the gentleman came up; when the gentleman, in blue, came before the Lord-Mayor, he said first of all he saw me put my hand in his right hand pocket, and take out something, and let it drop down, and another man picked it up; if this man would swear that, I suppose he would swear that a ship's mast was a long-beat, and a thousand men in it it he saw them at night; I know no more of it than the blessed baby unborn; I have plenty of friends-at Portsmouth and Plymouth, but I have none in London; I have served his Majesty seventeen years duly and truly, and never had a blemish upon my character in my life; I have been under four different admirals.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 27.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Justice ROOKE
