





226. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ROGERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of February
, a toilenett waistcoat, value 5 s. a pair of kerseymere breeches, value 12 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Smith
                  




               
            , Esq
.


                  WILLIAM
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I live at Ibbotson's Hotel, in Vere-street, Cavendish Square


; in going to my bed between eleven and twelve o'clock on the 8th of February, I found that man concealed behind my bed curtains, at the head of my bed; I believe he was a gentleman's servant belonging to the Hotel I was in; I knew him by sight, he was by the side of the bed, behind the curtain; near at the head, there was a candle on the pillow, which had justbeen blown out; it was blown out, but the snuff was burning, and between the candle and him, there was laying on the bed a pair of breeches and a waistcoat; a servant came immediately after me with a candle attending me; the clothes were taken out of a large trunk, that was close by the bedside, which was open.
Q When had you worn these clothes? - Not for some months.
Q. You had not laid them of course on his bed? - I had not; the place for keeping them was the trunk; a servant of my brother's kept the trunk and had the key, and had not locked it that day; that servant is not here, and there was some black clothes rolled up which I suppose was with an intent to carry away, when I went in first, one of the waiters of the inn came into the room, and left the candle; he had not gone out of the room before I discovered the man; I rung the bell and sent for Mr. Ibbotson, the master of the House; and I believe I said to Mr. Ibbotson, this is the manner that we are robbed; and I sent for a constable, and he was committed to the watch-house, I asked the prisoner how he came there? he said he was drunk; I had not been in my bed room since five o'clock that evening, I had gave no orders to have those clothes out, nor had I had them out for some months; and when I was in the room between five and six o'clock, the clothes were not on the bed then, and the trunk was shut.


                  JOHN
                   IBBOTSON
               



             sworn.
I keep this Hotel in Vere-street; about a quarter after eleven on the 8th of February at night, I received an alarm about this matter; I was called up to Mr. Smith's room, and when I got up Mr. Smith said to me this is the way we are robbed; I was very much alarmed seeing the trunk open, I did not immediately cast my eye on the boy, I soon perceived the boy standing at the head of the bed; the trunk might be about three quarters of a yard from the bed side, or a yard at the farthest; there is just room for a person to walk between the bed and the trunk; I smelled the snuffing of a candle, and perceived the snuffing still burning; I went round the bed and took it from the pillow on which it lay, and put it out; I then observed laying on the bolster between the pillow and the boy, a pair of breeches and a waistcoat; I immediately ordered the waiter to go to the watch-house and fetch a constable; the constable came, and I gave the boy in charge; I asked him how he came into that room, for that he had no business there; he told me that he was very much in liquor; he lived in my house at this time, he is a servant to a gentleman in the Life Guards; I believe he had lived about a month or six weeks in the house, I cannot positively say; one of my maids will prove the state in which she left the room; she is here.


                  MARY
                   STRONG
               



             sworn.
I was a servant in this Hotel; this night I was in the room, a little after eleven at night I turned the bed down, there was no clothes laying on it then of any sort; the trunk that belongs to Mr. Smith was shut when I left the room, I was close by it when I went round the bedside; it stood very near the bedside, I must have seen it if the lid had been open.


                  CHARLES
                   HITCHCOCK
               



             sworn.
I was the officer of the night, I was sent for to Mr. Ibbotson's Hotel; the prisoner was given into my custody and some clothes, which I have got now; I have had them ever since. (Produced and deposed to.)

Prisoner. A fellow servant of mine asked me to come up and drink a dish of tea with me; and I went there and I stopped there, till about ten o'clock, from that he told me that his master was out, and that he was going to get an hackney coach to fetch him home; says I, I am going home; I will go with you, and we will have six-pennyworth of something to drink, so we did; and we went into a public house and we sat there about two hours, and we spent about two shillings, or half a crown in brandy and water, and I was very much in liquor indeed; so we left the public house at that time, and we went home to the Hotel and got a candle, from thence I was going up to bed, and in my going up to bed I was very much in liquor, I did not know where I was indeed; so I perceived I was in this gentleman's room, but I do not recollect any thing of taking the things out.
Court to Smith. Did he appear to be intoxicated? - He appeared to be sham drunk; to be affected drunk.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 17.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMPSON
               



            .
