





292. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RAYNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of March, two ingots of pewter, eleven pounds weight, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Joseph
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   JOSEPH
               



             sworn.
I am a pewterer
 in Little New-street


: On Friday the 4th of March, I lost two ingots of pewter from my manufactory; the prisoner was my porter
; the constable, George Streaton, searched him in my shop, it was found in his breeches, he had been in my employment a little more than a fortnight.

GEORGE STREATON sworn.
I am a constable, I was called upon by one of Mr. Joseph's servants, on the 4th of March, about nine in the evening; I went to Mr. Joseph's, I searched the prisoner, and found this pewter in his breeches, next his skin, (they are produced in Court).
Joseph. I cannot swear to the ingots.


                  ROBERT
                   KENNET
               



             sworn.
I am Journeyman to Mr. Joseph; these ingots are Mr. Joseph's property, they have my mark upon them, they were cast in our manfactory, they are in an unfinished state at present.
Jury. 
               
                  Q. 
               


            Did you put the marks upon them before they were stolen? - A. Yes; before they were lost, they were under the shop board among the sweepings and rubbish; I missed them just before nine o'clock.(The prisoner called 
               
                  James
                   Carter
               



            , and 
               
                  Jonathan
                   Budd
               



            , who gave him a good character).



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 40.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before The Right Hon. LORD KENYON.
