






10. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CATHARINE 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of October
, a pair of cotton stockings, value 1s. a silk handkerchief, value 3s. two muslin caps, value 6d. a cotton shawl, value 2s. a pair of stuff shoes, value 2s. a pair of silver shoe buckles, value 15s. a silk cloak, value 20s. twenty guineas, and three crown pieces; the goods and monies of 
                     
                        
                           Penelope 
                           Reading
                        




                     
                  , widow
, in her dwelling house
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  PENELOPE
                   READING
               



             sworn.
I am a widow woman, I live at Hanwell


; I keep a house there. The two prisoners at the bar lodged with me; they robbed me on the 23d of October, they came the Wednesday before; they came on the Wednesday, and went away on the Wednesday again, they were just a week there; I have a daughter lives with me; the day I lost my property I was out at work in the fields, my daughter was with me, I went out at eight o'clock.
Q. Do you know whether either of the prisoners were in the house when you went out? - The woman was in the house, but the man was not.
Q. Did they come to live with you as man and wife? - They did; they had lodged at the next door before they came to me, as man and wife.
Q. What time did you return that day? - I think as nigh as I can tell about half after five in the afternoon.
Q. Did your daughter return with you? - Yes.
Q. How was the house when you came back? - When I came back I could not get in; I have a little bit of garden before the door, and I looked about where some ashes had been thrown, and I found the key among the ashes.
Q. In whose possession was the key when you left the house? - The woman was in the house, the key and all.
Q. Who had the possession of that key? - She was in my place; we had only one fire place to make a fire in; I left her getting her husband's breakfast. When I got into the house there lay an old apron and an handkerchief, which put me in a dread, for fear they should be gone; I directly went to the cupboard to see if their victuals was gone, and there was a loaf of theirs, and I went up into my room up stairs, mine is an open stair case, there is no door on it; I missed an apron and handkerchief, and the drawer was all in confusion; then I came to my daughter, and I said, Agnes, do you know what I did with my apron? I got a light and I went up stairs again,and I found my other drawers had been opened, they were shut in when I left them, they were not looked, but where the money was that was locked; I opened the drawer and I missed the apron, shawl, and handkerchief, a silk handkerchief, a pair of cotton stockings, marked P. R. No. 1, two caps; I missed all the things in the indictment, and more.
Q. How lately before this had you seen these things? - Tuesday night, the night before the robbery was committed. I had the things on Sunday; the clock, apron, shoes, and buckles, and went to church in them.
Q. How lately had you seen your money? - I don't know to say justly, it was not long, but to say particularly that I cannot to a day.
Q. Had you seen it within a week? - O, yes.
Q. The drawer wherein the money was kept, was that locked or unlocked? - Locked.
Q. Was the money laying loose in the drawer? - The gold was in paper, and the crown pieces were in the same, and wrapped up in a white linen cloth, and tied up together, the gold and silver were in separate papers, but inclosed in one piece of white linen; the rag and paper was left in the drawer, but the money was gone.
Q. When you came home did you see either of the prisoners? - No, they were gone.
Q. Had they given you any notice they were going? - No.
Q. Had they settled with you for the rent? - I never saw a farthing of their coin.
Q. Then I believe in consequence of this you gave the alarm to your neighbours, and they all came round? - I did, and one of my neighbours helped to search the drawers with me. I went afterwards to Mr. Glass's son, in our neighbourhood, and he sent in to Great Marlborough street.
Q. Who pursued them? - Bramsgrove and Scott.
Q. Did you see the prisoners again before they were taken into custody? - No, not till they were brought up.
Court. How soon afterwards did you see them? - They pursued them of the Thursday night, and they brought them up of the Tuesday following.
Mr. Knapp. You told my Lord just now that your next door neighbour recommended these people to your lodgings? - Yes, she did.
Q. How long had they lodged with her? - A fortnight; her husband died, and she, poor woman, lost a spoon.
Q. However you took them in consequence of her recommendation? - I did, or else I was very much against the navigators.


                  THOMAS
                   BRAMSGROVE
               



             sworn.
I am a shopkeeper at Hanwell; I was desired to pursue after these people. I set out after them on Thursday evening, the evening of the day after the robbery was committed; I went in the mail coach to Oxford with Matthew Scott, and then to Worcester, and at last found them Monmouth, at the Cross Keys public house; I overtook them at half past two on Monday morning before day-light; I found them in bed, they had come down from Hereford to Monmouth in a post-chaise and four; I told the man of the house at first I wanted a chaise, then after some little conversation I got to the room in which they lay; I knew them both, they used to use my shop; they owned to every thing they had done.
Q. Before they said any thing about it, did you tell them it would be better for them? - I asked them if they knew me? they said yes.
Q. I said to the woman, I suppose Ineed not tell you what I am come after? she said no, then she began to cry.
Court. Had you a light? - The servant maid followed us up with a light. The woman asked us to forgive them, and she would give up all the property she had, and make up the rest all that she could; it was the woman said this; the woman asked to forgive both. After the woman had said that I said that she must go back with us to Worcester, then they came down stairs, and two bundles were brought out that they had taken down with them, and when the bundles were opened, they were the identical property.
 Q. Is the landlady here? - She is not. I saw the bundles, and I saw them before I saw the prisoners, the woman of the house shewed me the bundles.
Q. Where were the bundles? - In the little back parlour.
Q. Where did you see them, after you had seen the prisoners? - I went into the parlour to bring the bundles out, when I came down stairs, the bundles were in the same room and in the same chair as when I went up; the prisoners were taken into the room adjoining, where the bundles were; there I left the prisoners with Scott, and I and the woman went and brought the two bundles into the room where the prisoners were.
Q. Did the prisoners say any thing? - I don't remember they said a word till we opened the bundles. When we opened the bundles, and found the property, they begged to be forgiven, and said they were the woman's things.
Q. Did both of them, or only the woman? - Both of them.
Q. What were the words they made use of? - They asked us if they could make up the property to let them go; I said they must go back with us to Worcester; they both of them said that, at least ten times.
Q. Where did they say that, in the room above or below? - In the room above and below; after that, they owned to every fact; I found six guineas and a half in gold, two crown pieces, three half crowns, one was a bad one, in a little box that the woman had in her pocket. I did not find any of this on the man.
Q. What did you do with the bundles of things that you found? - The bundles of things I did up again, I took one, and Scott the other; we took them along with us home, and got the prisoners with us; they have been in my custody ever since.
Jury. I wish to know whether in the course of the conversation, they confessed how, and by whom the robbery was committed? - She owned she had done it, and she owned how she had done it.
Court. Was the man present when she made that confession? - He said he was innocent of the fact; the prisoners were indebted to me seven shillings and six-pence.
Mr. Knapp. I perceive you have taken a very meritorious part in this business, and I wish to ask you a few questions. I with to know whether on your first going up into the room where the man and his wife were together, whether you did not tell them that you had come for them, and they had better confess and tell all they knew about the business? - I never said any thing to them only if they knew me.
Q. Did not you tell them what you had come about, as it was natural for you to do, and it would be much better for them to tell the truth about the business? - I did not ask them to confess.
Q. Did you tell them it would be better for them? - I did not.
Q. Did you tell the woman it would be better for her if she would confess? - I did not tell her it would be better or worse.
Q. She said she was the person that committed the robbery, and the man pleaded innocent; the woman gave you every information about it? - She did.

Mr. Knowlys. Where are the bundles? - Here they are.
Q. Have you any money? - No, the money we made away with in bringing us up. I told them they must walk, they said they would not walk.
Prosecutrix. This black silk cloak is mine, it is worth twenty shillings now, the cotton stockings are mine, they are marked P.R. No. 1. they are worth one shilling; here is a quilled mob cap, plain, and the other is a checked muslin, they are worth six-pence, I know one by the quilled lace, it was my mother's, and joined in the caul; I have no particular mark in the silk handkerchief, but I think, to the best of my knowledge, it is mine, here is a cotton shawl, it has a blot in the flowers, and I had it cheaper, it is worth two shillings, I gave about four shillings for it; here is a pair of stuff shoes, the very first time I put them on I burst out the callimanco, and I put a little bit of binding, the same as the shoes, they are worth one shillings; here is a pair of silver shoe buckles, they were in the shoes at the time I lost them; I have had them these two years, they are worth fifteen shillings; here is a muslin apron, I know it by two little tucks, reckon it at what you please.
Mr. Knapp. How long have you had these buckles? - Near two years.
Q. Have you worn them at all? - Not much, only now and then of a Sunday, when I went to church.
Prisoner 
               
                  James
                   Turner
               



            . I went out to work at half past five that morning, and worked till twelve o'clock; when I came home, my wife told me that she had heard a relation was dead and left us some money, and she told me that she had borrowed the things of her landlady, with an intention for us to go and get this money, and she was to return them again.
Prisoner Catharine Turner. I borrowed those things of this woman till such times as I came back again, and I told her I would make her recompence for them.
Prosecutrix. I never lent her a thing she never asked me.
Prisoner 
               
                  Catharine
                   Turner
               



            . I left my bundle of things, and all my property in her care, till such times as I came back again.
Prosecutrix. There is an old rag of an apron which they left, there they be, I have not opened any thing.


                  James
                   Turner
               



            , GUILTY. (Aged 30.)


                  Catharine
                   Turner
               



            , GUILTY. (Aged 23.)




               Of stealing to the value of 39s.
            






               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
