





302. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILDEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of June
 last, four saws, value 12 s. one carpenter's plow and iron, value 5 s. and divers other tools, value 24 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wright
                  




               
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  THOMAS
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I am a 
               carpenter and joiner


            . On Wednesday, the 29th of June, I locked up all my tools, at the house of Mr. Clarke in Hampstead


 in the morning; the lock was wrenched off, and all the tools mentioned in the indictment were gone. I have found nothing since but a chalk-line, and one of the punches; the prisoner had worked with me about ten days: he robbed me on the Wednesday, and was taken on the Sunday, and the chalk-line and punch found on him.


                  THOMAS
                   ARMS
               



             sworn.
I am a headborough; I apprehended the prisoner with a chalk-line and a punch; the prosecutor swore to the punch and the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM
                   EYLES
               



             sworn.
The prisoner worked with me; I saw him taken.


                  WILLIAM
                   RATCLIFFE
               



             sworn.
I was present when the prisoner was taken, I went with him to the privy; and after he left the place I went there, and found a chalk-line.
(Deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was at work at a gentleman's house in Hampstead, I could not do without a wrench of this kind; I never borrowed one of Mr. Wright, or of the boy. I always worked by myself; that very Wednesday, as he says he lost the tools, I could have had three witnesses where I slept that night; I have a wife that I expected lived along with Counsellor Kent, and I know Squire Kent; I had not seen her for a long time, I had occasion to go down that night to look for her, I slept at the Nag's-head; I did not know when my trial came on; on the Sunday following in the morning, I came to this Hampstead, on purpose to meet this wife of mine there; which if I had stolen these tools, would any gentleman reasonably think I should go there back again; I went to the house, my master challenged me, and I went with him into his yard; I was greatly surprised, these gentlemen all said that they had a very plain proof and witness that I took them. When the watchman came he said that he did not know me, that he could not swear to me; no man can swear to the wrench, I have had the wrench above a twelvemonth.
Court to Prosecutor. By what circumstance do you know that wrench to be your's? - By having the fellow to it; they were both made out of one file; I am sure it was in the basket that evening.
Prisoner. No man can swear to the wrench.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
