






184. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  RADFORD
               




             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of January
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Hartshorne
                     




                  , a seven shilling piece, a Banknote, value 10l. a Bank-note, value 2l. three other Bank-notes, each of the value of 1l. and two other Bank-notes, each of the value of 5l. the property of the said John Hartshorn
            .


                  JOHN
                   HARTSHORN
               



             sworn. - I keep a house in Great Tower-street


, I am a cheesemonger
: On the 13th of January last, I perceived that a locker in my shop had been robbed, as near as I can ascertain, of between thirty and forty pounds, it was not broke open, it was locked when we perceived it, and by the circumstances of the case, I was well assured it must be done by somebody in my house, because the locker was not broke open, it had been unlocked, and locked again; this was about ten o'clock in the evening; I then had my servants called together, and I charged them with the robbery; and I thought it was a fair way that they should undergo a search; on searching 
               
                  Thomas
                   Williams
               



            , I found a half crown piece, and I asked him how he came by it; he then told me, it was the amount of pence and two-pences people gave him when he carried out small jobs; I asked him how he converted them into half-a-crown, but he could not tell me; I then told him, he was a thief, and said, if he would not hide any thing from me, I would be as favourable as the law would permit me.
Court. Q. Did you say that before he had made any confession at all? - A. I think I did.
Court. Q. Did you know any thing particular about the half-crown? - A. I will tell you my reason why I think he did not come by it honestly; he was a poor lad, and asked me if I would employ him; in consequence of his being very short of clothes, I told him, I should give him a little money for his pocket, and lay his wages out in clothes, till he was properly equipped out; the consequence was, I knew he had but a few shillings in pocketmoney, that led me to suspect him; he then fell upon his knees and confessed that 
               
                  Thomas
                   Radford
               



            , a soldier, was concerned with him, he then went to my stable, and brought me out some few shillings less than five pounds in money and Bank-notes hid in the wall; I don't know the notes he produced.
Court. Q. Did you take up Radford? - A. I did; on the Sunday, I had an officer, and took up Radford coming out of the Tower, and the constable brought him to my dwelling-house, in Tower-street, and I had them face to face, and he denied it all along.
Court. Q. Did you search his quarters? - A. I will inform you; he denied knowing any thing about the boy, then the boy informed me, that on the Saturday morning, he stole two notes out of this locker, and that they bought a key on Tower-hill, to fit the locker; I cannot inform you what Banknotes they were, because there were many in the locker, to the amount of between thirty and forty pounds; and he gave the lad one of them; when he found the lad made all those charges against him, he confessed, and I made him the same promises I did the lad, that I would shew him all the favour the law would allow me.
Court. Q. Did you get the note from him? - A. He told me that his wife had got the note, and if I went to her, she would give it me; here is the note, it is five pounds; I know the note from the mark upon the back of it; (the note shewn to the Jury); there is a mark of 12l. upon it, an account of what I had received the day before; I was treasurer of the Inquest, and I put down that mark upon it; I have got no more than this five pound note and likewise a two pound note, which the boy left with a watch-maker.
Cross-examined by Mr. Peat. Q.How many others did you write upon? - A. I wrote upon none.
Q. Are you in the habit of writing upon them? - A. No.
Q. How many partners have you got? - A. None; I have a brother that manages for me.
Q. Does the house you speak of belong to you? - A. To me.
Radford's defence. I have nothing to say, I leave it to my Counsel; the notes I had, I found in the sweepings of the shop; I saw some papers lying, and I shewed them to Williams; I cannot read nor write; I gave him one; that is all I have to say.
William's defence. The note was given to me by this man, Radford, I don't know where he brought it from, he said he had found it.
The prisoner, Radford, called one witness, who gave him a good character.
Radford, 


               GUILTY
             (Aged 22.)
Williams, 


               GUILTY
             (Aged 19.)
Of stealing to the value of 39s.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Justice ROOKE.
