





452. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     KELLY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of May
, seven pair of men's leather shoes, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hoppy
                  




               
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  JOHN
                   HOPPY
               



             sworn.
I am a shoe-maker
, in the Minories: I lost seven pair of shoes; I cannot speak to the fact; I prove the property. The prisoner came to my shop on pretence of purchasing a pair of shoes for herself: I was told there was some shoes stolen; she was brought back; I saw them lying at her feet, by the door; they were sold; they were in brown paper.


                  JOHN
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am apprentice to the prosecutor. I saw the prisoner take the shoes off the floor in the shop; they were in brown paper; she went out; I pursued her, and brought her back; she threw the shoes down; I saw her.
What became of the shoes? - The officer has them.
- BOCHERAH sworn.
I am a constable: I have got the shoes: Mr. Hoppy gave them to me.
(Produces them.)
Mr. Hoppy. They are my property; here is my writing in them.


                  MARY
                   HERBERT
               



             sworn.
I was in the shop when the prisoner came in; she sat down; she refused a great many pair; and while the boy went to look another pair, she went out; the prisoner was not out of my sight; the apprentice ran after her; and I saw the parcel drop from under her cloak.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went into the shop to buy a pair of shoes; and they had none to fit; I went out, and the boy followed me, and brought me back; and the prosecutor said, you bitch, I had one woman that I prosecuted, died in Newgate; but you shall die at Botany Bay.
The prisoner called five witnesses to her character.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


