






416. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     DORAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st day of March

 last, eighteen fowls, some ducks, and turkies, value 2 l. 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Blankley
                  



               
            .
And 
               
                  
                     DENNIS 
                     COLMAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the said goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   BLANKLEY
               



             sworn.
I live in Bloomsbury-market. I am a poulterer
. I lost some fowls; I employed Doran as a porter

, to take them home from Leadenhall-market



; he never took them; I delivered them to him about ten in the morning; I waited till four in the afternoon, expecting them to come home; then I went in search of Doran; I heard he was at the Craven Head in Drury-lane; I went there; I found nothing upon him; I asked him what he had done with the fowls? and he said, he had pitched them upon Holborn-hill, and went to ease himself, and when he came back they were gone; he said, he wished he was burning in hell-fire if he knew any thing of them; I took him to Justice Walker's; and Mr. Fleming and myself went in search of them; he came up to Justice Walker's with two of them; I saw them there; I saw some others in Colman's room, the same evening in Wild-street.
Was Colman there? - He was; he helped to break the door open; he acknowledged it to be his room; there was fourteen fowls and a pullet; I know they are mine by several marks; I can swear it.

Prisoner Doran. Was that my basket the fowls were in? - Yes; it was the same basket they were packed in at Leadenhall; I have employed him before.


                  THOMAS
                   FLEMING
               



             sworn.
I am a poulterer. I went to Clare-market, and saw some fowls like Mr. Blankley's; I bought two of them from Colman, for two shillings and six-pence: I went to the justice's, and saw Blankley, and asked him if he could swear to them? he said, yes; I know them to be Mr. Blankley's.
Blankley. The chickens Fleming produced were mine; we left Doran, and went to get a constable, and went to Colman; and I asked him how he came by the chickens? he said, he bought them of Doran, and gave a guinea for them; we found the others in his room.
What were they all worth? - More than two guineas.


                  JOSEPH
                   LETTLE
               



             sworn.
I took Colman up, and he confessed he had the property in his room.
PRISONER DORAN's DEFENCE.
I pitched these fowls on Holborn-hill, and went to ease myself, and they were gone; I met with a man, and gave him a shilling to go to Mr. Blankley, and tell him I had lost them.
Blankley. A man came into the market, and said, by the Holy God, a man had lost some fowls; he did not come to my shop; I was only told so.
(Colman was not put on his defence.)
DORAN, 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
COLMAN 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
