





211. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of October
, a bank note, value 50l. No. 3800, dated London, the 3d of June, 1794; another bank note, value 20l. marked 8030, dated London, August 1, 1794; another bank note, value 20l. No. 2170, dated 16th May, 1793; another bank note, value 10l. No. 8147, dated London, March 20, 1794; another bank note, value 10l. No. 6077, dated London, April 27, 1792; another bank note, No. 2445, London, 13th May, 1794; another bank note, value 10l.No. 8881, dated London, 11th August, 1794; the said bank notes being the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Ireland
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        Phillp 
                        Protherow
                     



.
A second COUNT, for stealing the said bank notes, as the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Downes
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Thornton
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Free
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Thornton
                  



               
            , junior
.(The indictment opened by Mr. Russell, and the case by Mr. Garrow.)


                  THOMAS
                   HEMSON
               



             sworn.
Q. You are clerk I believe to Ireland and Protherow, in Bristol? - I am.
Q. Had you occasion to send any letters to London by the post, from Bristol, on the 3d of October last? - We sent two.
Q. To whom were they directed? - Henry Thornton, Esq
. M. P. London.
Q. Did you make an entry, at the time when the property was put into the letters, of the numbers and dates of the bills? - I did.
Q. Tell my Lord what entry you made of these bills? - Ten bank, one hundred and ninety pounds. They were entered particularly by Mr. Fry; the copy of them in another book.
Q. Did you see the letter put into the post? - I did not; I delivered them to Mr. Fry, to put into the post.


                  THOMAS
                   FRY
               



             sworn.
Q. You are clerk to Ireland and Protherow? - Yes.
Q. Do you remember, on the 3d of October, when some notes were enclosed in a letter to Mr. Thornton? - Yes? - 
8881, August 41, 1794, ten pounds.
6677, April 27, 1792, ten pounds.
2445, May 13, 1794, ten pounds.
1417, February 25.
2170, May 16, 1793, ten pounds.
8147, March 29, 1794, ten pounds.
8039, August 1, 1794, twenty pounds.
3800, June 3, 1794, fifty pounds.
Q. When you made the entry of these notes they were enclosed in the letter? - Yes.
Q. Did you put that letter in the post yourself? - Yes.
Q. At what time? - Between a quarter after three and half after, before the office shut.
Q. On what day? - On the 3d of October; the bank notes were all in, one letter and cash notes.
Q. To Hemson. What is the firm of Ireland and Protherow? - 
               
                  James
                   Ireland
               



            , 
               
                  Philip
                   Protherow
               



            , 
               
                  Henry
                   Bengoe
               



            , 
               
                  Joseph
                   Haythorne
               



            , and 
               
                  Matthew
                   Wright
               



            .


                  JAMES
                   FRY
               



             sworn.
Q. Were you employed at the Post office in Bristol on the 3d of October last? - Yes.
Q. Did you make up the mail on the 3d of October? - I did.
Q. How did you do it? - I put the bundle of letters in the bag, tied it with a packthread, and then sealed it.
Q. Now, sir, when that bag is tied and sealed, is it put into another bag or sack? - It is put into a large leather sack.
Q. Was that secured any other way, that outer one? - It was tied, but not sealed.
Q. When you had made it up, to whom did you deliver it? - To 
               
                  Lewis
                   Williams
               



            , the mail guard of Bristol, from Bristol to Marlborough.
Mr. Knapp. All that you know is, that you delivered the bag with the letters to go by the mail that day, to Williams, the mail guard; whether this letter or any other identical letter was in the bag, you don't know? - It is impossible.
Court. You put into the bag all the London letters that were put into the office? - Yes, I did.

THOMAS SMART sworn.
Q. What is your department in the Post office? - To take the bags out of the coaches that arrive from the country to London, in Lombard-street, and deliver them to the men who carry them to the inland office.
Q. Did the Bristol mail of the 3d of October, arrive in due course on the 4th? - Yes, to the best of my knowledge There were three mails came in a cart that day to the office. The guard accompanied the Bristol mail in the cart, from the Gloucester Coffee house.


                  CHARLES
                   READ
               



             sworn.
Q. You are employed in the Post office in London? - Yes.
Q. Did you receive this Bristol mail, which arrived on the 4th, into the inland office? - I did.
Q. In what condition was the Bristol bag when it was brought to you in the inland office? - It was untied.
Q. Did it appear to have been tied and sealed? - No appearance at all; the sack, thread and seal was all entirely gone; I delivered it to the president of the office.
Q. What in consequence of finding it in that condition? - Yes.


                  LEWIS
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn.
Q. Did you act as guard to the Bristol mail coach, on the 2d of October? - I did. I went from London on the 2d, to Bristol, with the coach; I went from London the whole way on that occasion, that is unusual; it is my department only to come from Bristol to Marlborough.
Q. You had been in London on the business of your own, and took that opportunity of returning? - Yes.
Q. Did you return with the coach from Bristol on the 3d? - Yes, I did.
Q. Did you receive the mail of Mr. Free, to bring to London? - I did.
Q. Was it as far as you could observe in the usual state? - I see the Bristol bag sealed, and put into a large sack, and the sack tied, not sealed; I brought it to the Bush tavern door, and and there it was handed up to me, and I put it into the corner of the box, the box under the guard's seat.
Q. How far did you come with the mail? - From Bristol to Marlborough.
Q. And then another guard supplied your place? - Yes.
Q. Look at the prisoner at the bar. - That is the person that went out of London on the 2d; he went outside as far as the top of Speen-hill.
Q. Did he go the whole journey to Bristol? - Yes, but one part he went outside.
Q. After he had arrived in Bristol, when did you see him next? - I did not see him till after I went into a room in the Bush tavern.
Q. Did he return with the coach on the third? - He did.
Q. What time did the coach, which went from London on the second arrive at Bristol? - It arrived at Bristol about twelve at noon, on the third; it set out in return at four in the afternoon.
Q. In what way did the prisoner leave Bristol on the return of the coach? - On the coach box with the coachman.
Q. Did he continue there the whole of your part of the journey to Marlborough? - No.
Q. Where did he change? - A little of this side of Calne; he got first of all on the roof, and said he was very much tired, and I told him I did not care if herid three or four miles in my place; he got over into my place then, and I went on the box along with the coachman.
Q. How far did the prisoner ride in your seat? - About four miles and three quarters, as near as I can guess; we gotto a place called Backington, about six miles from Marlborough; I told him then I must have my own situation, he went over the roof on to the box again, and continued so to Marlborough.
Q. You got into your seat then, and at Marlborough there you delivered up your charge to 
               
                  Thomas
                   Hawkins
               



            ? - I quitted the coach there, and he took it.
Q. How was the box at this time? - The box is not locked, it is fastened by an iron, that you shift upon it, a staple, that comes for a padlock to go through it, but it was not then locked.
Mr. Knowlys. Was the box locked when you stopped at Calne? - No, it was not; it was locked while I was gone to the Post office, at Bath, no other place.
Q. Then any persons about the coach might have got to the box at Calne? - No, I was not away two minutes, I am sure at the farthest; I jumps off when I comes to the office, and hands the bags out, and takes them to the post-master, and brings the rest and puts them in, and goes on again.
Q. During that time you necessarily leave the place? - It cannot be two minutes, because I jumps off as the coach goes along.
Q. The coach does not stop any where between Bath and Calne? - Yes, it does, at Chippenham, to change horses.
Q. The box was unlocked at Chippenham? - It was.
Q. Now the coach travels while it is on the road, eight and ten miles an hour? - About nine miles an hour.
Q. Would it not be a dangerous thing for any person to attempt the getting out this bag while the coach is moving so rapidly? - Not at all dangerous to me, for I have done it many times.
Court. While the coach is going on you mean? - Yes.
Mr. Knowlys. To a person not accustomed to shift the bags, as you are, it must be a dangerous thing? - A thin person may do it better than a person that is bulky.
Q. I ask you whether in your opinion, it would not be a dangerous thing to a person not accustomed to it? - Not so very pleasant to a person not used to it.
Q. You offered this to him as an easier place to ride in, he being satigued, going all night, and coming back again? - Yes.
Q. The consequence of his taking this place, was not from his asking you, but your offering to let him have the place? - it was; he said he was so tired, he did not know what he should do; he got on the roof of the coach, and it was not possible for any body to ride there, sleepy.


                  THOMAS
                   HAWKINS
               



             sworn.
Q. Did you take the charge of this Williams? - I did, on the 3d of October last, at Marlborough.
Q. Where did the prisoner ride when he set out at Marlborough? - On the box, with the coachman; he rode in that situation about half a mile; he then left the box, and got on the roof of the coach; and as we are not accustomed to let any one ride there, we exchanged stations, he got into my seat.
Q. While the coachman was going on? - No, we always stop at the top of the hill, to give the horses a little wind, and then we changed places; we rode in that situation about twenty miles, till we came near to Thachum, there we exchanged situations again, he went on the box, and I took my seat.
Q. How long did you continue so? - Till we got to Reading; I then told him he might ride a few miles in my situation again; he rode in my situation to Hare Hatch, about seven miles; I there told him he must go again on the coach box; about a hundred yards from Hare Hatch, the coachman and I exchangedsituations, and continued so to Colnbrooke.
Q. You drove? - Yes; Mr. Thomas was then on the box with me. At Colnbrooke I got into the guard's situation again, and rode to London; Mr. Thomas rode all that way on the coach box; he got down at Hyde Park Corner.
Q. What became of him afterwards? - I don't know.
Q. Your coach stops at the Gloucester Coffee house, I believe? - Yes, it does.
Q. Did you convey the mail from Gloucester Coffee house to Lombard-street? - I did; I brought it in a cart provided for that purpose.
Q. As far as depended on you; was it in the same state as when you received it at Marlborough? - It was.
Q. Are you quite certain that Mr. Thomas, the prisoner at the bar, was the man that you saw there? - I have no doubt about it at all, I told him in the course of the Journey I had the pleasure of seeing his face often.
Mr. Knapp. There can be no doubt that Mr. Thomas was the person. I believe the prisoner was considerably. I satigued, and for that reason you offered him your place, I believe in point of fact he had very near fell off the roof? - He appeared to be going to sleep and in danger of falling.
Q. And therefore you offered him your seat not only once but twice? - Yes; once at Reading and once at Marlborough.
Q. When you got to Hare Hatch, then the coachman took your place? - Yes.
Q. And the prisoner came all the way from there to London on the box? - Yes.
Q. And the coachman came fifteen miles in the guards situation? - Yes.
Q. Is the coachman here? - I have not seen him in court, I believe he is not here.


                  HENRY
                   THORNTON
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe you are of the house of Downes, Thornton, and Co. - Yes.
Q. Be so good to state to us the names of the partners? - Richard Downes, 
               
                  Henry
                   Thornton
               



            , 
               
                  John
                   Free
               



            , and John Thornton, the son.
Q. Were the Bank notes in question, or the letter enclosed ever received by your house from Messrs. Ireland's house in Bristol? - No; they were not.
Mr. Knowlys. The letter that contains these Bank notes are generally given to the hands of one of your clerks before they come to your hands? - It is generally the case.
Q. You mean to say this, that none of your servants or clerks delivered you any letter containing the Bank notes described? - No; but I received on the 8th some of the other notes.
Mr. Garrow. But not from Ireland's house? - No, they came from an anonymous person.


                  THOMAS
                   BICKERSTAFF
               



             sworn.
Q. You are clerk in the house of Messrs. Dorset's, and Co. bankers, in New Bond-street, London? - Yes.
Q. Do you know the Prisoner at the bar? - Yes.
Q. On what occasion did you see him? - At the Banking House in Bond-street, on the 7th of October, he came to open an account at the house.
Q. That expression imports that he had no account there before? - Yes.
Q. Did he open an account? - Yes; he did.
-SCOTT sworn.
Q. I want to receive from you the Bank notes that you have got.
-ASHLEY sworn.
Q. What are you? - I am clerk in the house of Dorset and Co.

Q. Did the prisoner at the bar make any deposit at your house by way of opening an account? - He did, on the 7th of October.
Q. Be so good as to give in the particulars of the Bank notes that he deposited? - The first a Bank note of fifty pounds, No. 3800, June 3, 1794. The next is a ten pound, No. 7636; a ten pound, No. 5633; a ten pound, No. 5176; a ten pound, No. 89; a ten pound, No. 6677, April 27, 1792; a ten pound, No. 2449, May 13, 1794; a ten pound, No. 1417; a ten pound, No. 2170, May 16, 1793; a ten pound, No. 8881, Aug. 11, 1794.
Mr. Knapp. This deposit consisted of a great number of other bills and notes? - It did.


                  HENRY
                   BARNES
               



             sworn.
Q. Had you any money transactions with the prisoner at the bar on the 7th of October? - Yes, I had.
Q. Did you receive from him that day this ten pound bank note? (Note shewn him.) - I received a ten pound Bank note.
Q. What did you do with it? - I paid it to Downes. Thornton and Free the same day.
Q. You paid it in discharge of an acceptance of your's that was then due? - I did.


                  WILLIAM
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
Q. You are clerk in the house of Messrs. Downes and Co. - Yes.
Q. Look at that note. (A note shewn him.) Did you receive that note of the last witness Barnes? - Yes.
Q. On what day? - I cannot say that, I know I received it from him, by his own name; that I writ on it at the time, on the face, in black ink.
Q. What is the Number of that note? - 8147.
Q. Have you not brought your book here, by which you can ascertain the day of receiving it? - Yes; I think it was on Tuesday the 7th of October.
Q. Can you tell what was the amount that was paid to you by Barnes on that day? - Yes, It was a hundred and fifty pounds ten shillings.
Q. Have you any doubt that the bank note on which you wrote Barnes's name, constituted any part of the hundred and fifty pounds ten shillings? - I am certain it did.
Mr. Knowlys. How long have you known the gentleman Mr. Thomas? - I suppose it may be four years. I never knew any thing but honesty of him.
Q. Have you had any dealing with him? - Certainly.


                  MATTHEW
                   VERNON
               



             sworn.
Q. You are one of the cashiers of the Bank of England? - Yes.
Q. Authorized to sign Bank notes by the Governor and Co. of the Bank of England? - Yes.
Q. Look at that Bank note, is it signed by you? - Yes; it is No. 8147.
Q. This has Barnes on it, on the 7th of October; was that outstanding and due against the Bank? - It was. This is another of mine No. 6677, 27th of April 1792, ten pounds. This No. 2445, 13th of May 1794, ten pounds, is signed by Giles Collings.
Q. He is cashier in the Bank of England? - He is. The next is 2170, 16th of May, 
               
                  James
                   Greenaway
               



            , ten pounds. The next 8881, 11th of August 1794, Henry Treckle, ten pounds.
Mr. Garrow. These are the notes that were paid into Dorset's Bank.
Q. To Scott. Where did you get these Bank notes that you delivered in? - The principal part of them I received through the channel of the Bank; I believe all that have been produced at this time inconsequence of their having been stopped on the 8th of October, they were brought to our house.
Q. How soon were you apprized that such notes ought to have arrived? - In the course of business we ought to have received the letter on the 4th, on Saturday.
Q. How soon did you learn that such letter had been sent that you did not acknowledge? - We suspected it on Monday, their letter written on Monday referred to one written on the third.
Q. The Bank notes have they ever passed through your house? - One of them has, the one that Mr. Barnes paid to our house.
-PARKIN sworn.
Q. How soon was the prisoner apprehended? - On Thursday the 9th of October, in consequence of information being given to the Post office. I went to the prisoner's house, in Denmark-street, St. Giles's, on the 9th, and told him of the circumstance of a Bank note having been traced to his hands; and I asked him where he received it? he said, that a person, a stranger to him, who made use of the name of a Mr. Wayman, came in his name and asked for change for the note, which he gave him; that the same person came again in a few minutes, and asked change for another note, which he gave him; that he returned a third time with other notes and made the like request; that he came a fourth and fifth; and, I think, he said a sixth time, on the same evening with the same request, that he gave him cash to the amount of one hundred pounds or upwards he believed; I thought it my duty to order him to be taken to the Public Office in Bow-street, and he was there taken on Thursday the 9th; and he was there examined before Mr. Addington; and at Mr. Addington's request, I took down in writing what he said; this is the original minutes that I have in my hand. After it was taken it was read to the prisoner, either by myself in Mr. Addington's presence, or by Mr. Addington.
Q. Did he make any objection to any of the facts stated as to the accuracy of them? - To no part of them at that time.
Q. When did you appear again before the magistrate? - In the evening of that day. Mr. Addington then said that he should read it over to him, and desired if it needed any alteration or correction, that he would mention it as he read it. After Mr. Addington had read about six or seven lines of it, the prisoner stopped him, and said that that part of it was not true, for that he had not been at Croydon Fair as mentioned in the examination, but had been at Bristol, on which Mr. Addington said he should not further proceed in reading the examination.
The examination read by the clerk of the Court.
"Middlesex. The examination of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Thomas
               



            , of Denmark street, in the parish of St. Giles's in the Fields, in the county of Middlesex, grocer
; taken before me 
               
                  William
                   Addington
               



            , Esq. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, for the said county, this 9th of October, 1794, who faith that he left his house about seven o'clock on Thursday evening last, and went ot Charing-cross, where the Croydon Coach goes from, and arrived at Croydon at twelve at night; was set down in the street; was booted, and went into the fair, and continued there till the morning, and did not go to bed; continued at Croydon till about eight o'clock on Friday night, and not being able to get a coach, he walked the whole way to town; stopped at a public house at Strutton about ten o'clock, and drank a pint of beer, and then came home, &c."

Prisoner. I leave my defence to my Counsel.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 24.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
