







180. 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     WATSON
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PYBUS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     SWINNEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of April
, thirty-seven pounds weight of lead, value 30 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Morgan
                        




                     
                  , widow
, fixed to her dwelling house
            .


                  ANN
                   MORGAN
               



             sworn.
I am a widow. Last Thursday morning, some few minutes after three, I was waked by a knock at the door; I threw up the window, and a watchman desired me to see if I had lost some lead: I looked, and found some lead rolled for to take away, from over the shop window; it was quite cut away, and separated from the house, and wound up in a small compass; and there was as much taken away as was rolled up; I had seen it all safe the same night when I went to bed.
Mr. Peatt, Prisoner's Counsel. You are a widow, and keep a shop? - I do; a leather cutters and curriers.
Did you see whether it was joined to the lead that was left, or separated? - Intirely separated; it came away without the least obstruction; my servant came and took it up.
Court. What light had you? - The watchman put his candle up by the help of a stick, and my servant took it, and delivered it to the watchman.


                  GEORGE
                   CAP
               



             sworn.
I am a currier. A little after three o'clock on Thursday morning I got out of window and examined the lead, and it was separated entirely; it was newly cut; I took it in and stamped it, on purpose that I might know it again, with an iron stamp, I. M.
Mr. Peatt. What night was this? - It was a dark night.
Did you take particular notice whether this lead was separated intirely? - I did, by the candle of the watchman.
Who conducts her business for her? - You ask me too hard a question.
You do not conduct it? - I do not.
Neither by night nor day? - I do not.
Court to Mrs. Morgan. Who pays for this house? - I pay myself.
Court to Cap. Was this lead cut strait, or in and out? - It was cut strait.
Did you feel or examine the thickness, either by your eyes or fingers? - By both; and I believe it is the same; I laid it all down, and it exactly fitted.


                  JOHN
                   CRUTCHFORD
               



             sworn.
I am a patrole of St. James's parish. My partner and I was going along on Thursdaymorning, we made a halt, and saw a man within two doors of Mrs. Morgan's; we made a run, and seized him by the collar, and the other two came off the house; they jumped down, I saw them; and they ran from the house; Swinney was the man I came up to in the street, and stopped him, and he never got out of my hands; the others ran; my partner took one half way down the street; and he called to the watchman, and he stopped the other; I lost sight of them when they turned the corner.
Was there light enough for you to know the same men, and are you sure that they are the same men you saw in the house? - I can, from their dress; I saw them in custody in less than a minute.
How did they get down? - Down by the spout and rail; we took all three to the watch-house, and came back again to Mrs. Morgan, when we found there was a piece gone, and a piece rolled up.
Mr. Peatt. You have told his lordship that you saw them coming down by laying hold of the spout, then you did not see the rope that was hanging down? - There was no rope there.
How high was it from the ground? - About ten feet.
Did not one let himself down by his hands? - They came nearly down both together, as nigh as I can guess.
Prisoner Swinney. Did you see me near the place? - I did.
I would wish to ask whether you saw me run or no? - I cannot tell that particularly.
Peatt to Crutchford. What distance from Mrs. Morgan's house might you be when you took Swinney? - About eight or ten yards.
He is a young man, rather strong? - He is rather strongish.
You was using your hands very attentively with reference to him, and your eyes with reference to the other two? - I did.
What sort of a light did you use at this time? - We carry no light.
What time was this? - About half past two.
Then the lights in the street were almost out? - No; there were people about to light them.
However that might be, you say that the two men, that were ten yards from you, you could know them again? - I have spoke nothing but the truth.
No; I do not doubt that; but you may be mistaken of men that you did not see come back for a pretty length of time? - I am certain they are the men.
What circumstance has led you to suppose they are the men? had they round hats or cocked ones? - Round ones.
Prisoner Watson. Please you, my lord, I had a cocked one all the time.


                  JOHN
                   PATRICK
               



             sworn.
I am a patrole. About half past two in the morning my partner told me he saw a man standing down the street; we went down, and Swinney made towards us; I stopped him, and asked him what business he had there? he said, he was a gentleman's servant out of place, and lived in Tottenham-street; just as I had said the word I heard a rush, and saw two men come down the wall of Mrs. Morgan's house, and run down Queen-street; I ran after, and caught them about the middle; I stopped Watson, and called out to the watchman to stop Pybus; I saw him take him; we carried them to St. James's watch-house; we found two knives on them; and we made a charge of them on suspicion, and came back to Mrs. Morgan's house, and called her up.


                  JOHN
                   CROWDER
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman. About half past two I heard a rattle spring; I went and assisted to take these men to the watch-house; the three men at the bar: I saw two knives taken from them; after which we went to Mrs. Morgan's, and saw the lead cut, and the parcel of lead rolled up: we knocked at her door, and found the lead was cut.
The prisoner Watson called one witness, who gave him a good character; and theprisoner Pybus called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.


                  ALEXANDER
                   WATSON
               



             JOHN PYBUS -



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)





               Transported for seven years
            .


                  STEPHEN
                   SWINNEY
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
