





377. 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     COLESWORTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of April
, a worsted breeches-piece, two yards and a quarter in length, value 7s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Price
               




            .(The witnesses were examined apart, at the request of the prisoner).


                  GEORGE
                   SNOOK
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to Mr. Price, No. 142, Leaden-hall-street


, a man's-mercer, breeches-maker, and taylor
; On the 27th of April, about a quarter after eight in the evening, as I was taking the things out of the windows, the door being about six inches open, I saw the prisoner put his hand in, and take a stocking-breeches-piece; I jumped off the counter and pursued him; I called, stop thief, and he ran up into Sharpe's-court, which is no thoroughfare; I followed him, and got hold of his coat; he turned round, and said, damn my eyes if I touched him, he would do something, but I cannot recollect what; he struggled, and had like to have tumbled down over a scraper, or a window-shutter, I could not hold him; he ran out into Leadenhall-street, and down Lime-street, there I lost fight of him; I then returned home, and found a number of people about the door; a Mr. Jordan asked what I had lost; I said, a stocking-piece; he said, he had picked up a stocking-piece in Sharpe's-court; he delivered it to me, (producing it); it is exactly the colour of the one we lost; there is no mark upon it, I cannot swear to it; it was in the back part of the window, at the top of some other things.


                  WILLIAM
                   PRICE
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 142, Leadenhall-street; I was out at the time; there were three pieces of this colourin the window in the morning, when I returned at night, there were but two; there were none sold that day to my knowledge.
Q. (To Snook.) Had any one of them been sold that day? - A.No; I am sure there were none sold that day.
Q. That you believe to be one of them? - A. I do verify believe it.
Q. Are you sure as to the man? - A. Yes; by seeing his face when he looked over his shoulder and swore at me; I am sure the man that put his hand in was the man I pursued; when he was brought back, I knew him, and immediately said he was the man.
JAMES JORDAN sworn.
I live in Sharpe's-court, Leadenhall-street; On the evening this robbery was committed, I heard the cry of stop thief; I opened the door, but the people were gone away; I set my foot upon a stocking-piece, which I took up, and put in my pocket, and went in search of the owner of it; when I came into Leadenhall-street, there was a mob at Mr. Price's door, by that time they had taken the prisoner; I asked Mr. Snook what he had lost; he said, a stocking-piece; I asked him if he should know it; he said, yes; he said, his master put three in the window in the morning, and then there were but two; I shewed it to him, and he said, this is it; I asked the prisoner if he had stole that stocking-piece; he said, he had not; I asked him what his profession was; he said, he was a cooper, and that his name was 
               
                  Alexander
                   Rotherick
               



            ; the people said, he had attempted to stab several persons in his flight; he was taken by a constable to the watch-house, he was asked his name at the watch-house, he turned to me, and said, I could tell his name; I said, I neither knew him nor his name; he then said his name was 
               
                  Alexander
                   Colesworth
               



            , reluctantly; it was a dirty night, any foot left the impression on the stocking-piece.


                  JAMES
                   ALLEN
               



             sworn.
I was going through Lime-street, between eight and nine o'clock at night, on Wednesday the 27th. I heard a cry of stop thief; and who should come down but this young fellow, and when I stopped him he made a chop at me with this knife, (producing it), and I believe it was about two minutes before I got the knife out of his fist; he fell down about the length of myself from me; I clapped my knees upon him, and took the knife from him and secured him; when I had got the knife out of his fist he said damn your eyes mind the knife is shut; it was open when I saw him first, he shut it after he fell upon the ground.
Prisoner's defence. I am a cooper by trade, and served my time over the water; I worked for Mr. Exley at the Stone's-end, he discharged me for want of work; I came into the city and stopped and had some bread and cheese and beer; there was a seafaring man would pick a quarrel with me, and I came out with my knife and a piece of roll and cheese in my hand; he was a more powerful man than me, and I ran away, and this man laid hold of me.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
