





340. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     RALPH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of August
 last, four ounces of silver wire, value 20 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Bateman
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Bateman
                  



               
            , widow
.
FRANCIS RISK sworn.
I am a silversmith, a journeyman to Mr. Peter and Mrs. 
               
                  Ann
                   Bateman
               



            , silversmith

s, Bunhill-row


; I had a bit of silver to mount a ten inch waiter, which I sawed off, and I could swear to it; I do not know of my own knowledge that any silver was lost, but after I had done with that piece I put it into a box, which we usually do, and then perhaps we never see it more. I did not know any silver was lost till I was told it was taken away.
Do you know at present whether your master has lost any silver at all? - I cannot say, but I can swear to a piece of silver found in that man's possession to be once my master's property.
Was it sold by you or by any of the servants? - I cannot say it was or was not.
What was the prisoner? - He was a journeyman
 to my master.
When do you suppose this was taken away? - The prisoner left work there about six o'clock on Saturday the 13th of August.
Mr. LEBROWN sworn.
I am journeyman to Messrs. Bateman; I cannot swear positively to the silver.
Do you know whether they have lost any property? - Yes, my Lord, they have lost it; because the constable has it in his possession, and the prisoner was journeyman to Mr. Bateman, and on the 13th of August was at work there, and left work about six o'clock in the evening. On Sunday morning, the 14th of August, I was sent from home to come to Mr. Bateman's. Coming there, I saw the prisoner with the constable, and the man whom he had been offering to sell it to, 
               
                  Abraham
                   Emanuel
               



            . Some of the men were sent for, who swore positively that it had been taken out of the shop; for they had been at work upon some of it.


                  CHARLES
                   WARE
               



             sworn.
I am journeyman to Mr. Bateman. On the 10th of August, there was a bit of silver given to Mr. Risk to mount; and the foreman after that would not have it done with that bit, as he had altered his mind. I took notice of it; and I never saw it any more, till I saw it before the Lord-Mayor.
Are you sure that the piece produced before the Lord-Mayor was the one you saw on the 10th of August? - I have not the least doubt of it.
Did you ever sell this piece of wire? - Never.


                  JACOB
                   PRIOR
               



             sworn.
I am journeyman to Mr. Bateman. I saw the same piece of silver.
- PARKER sworn.
I had this piece of silver wire to turn up, and I never saw it again till the 15th of this month.



                  ABRAHAM
                   EMANUEL
               



             sworn.
I live in Houndsditch, in Five-ball-court; I am a draper. On the 14th of August, I was going out between seven and eight in the morning, and the prisoner at the bar hallooed Hoy, Hoy; I turned about short, and asked him what he wanted; he said, he had some silver to sell. I asked him to shew it me; he pulled it out of his waistcoat pocket. I asked him, if he had any more of it; he said, he had about 40 or 50 ounces more at home. I asked him where he lived; he said, he lived in Brick-lane, Piccadilly, at one Mr. Carter's. I was going along Duke's-place at this time, coming out of a place of worship. I asked him, how he came by it; he said, he brought it from Birmingham. I told him to stop a little there, and I would fetch a man that would come and buy it of him. He stopped there; and I went, and fetched a constable.
What became of the silver? - He had it all the while himself. The constable's name is Davis; he took him into custody, and took him to the Compter.
Prisoner. I met that person, and asked him to buy some silver. He asked me, what I would have for it; I told him, a guinea. He said, he would give me half a guinea. I told him, I would not take it; and with that he got a constable, and took me into custody.


                  SOLOMON
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I am the constable of Duke's-place. Emanuel came, and told me, there is a man stands there that has got some silver to sell; and he told me where he stood. I went up to the prisoner at the bar, and asked him, what silver he had got to sell; he took some out of his waistcoat pocket, and said, he had got 40 or 50 ounces more home. I asked, how he came by he said, he brought it from Birmingham; and it was better than the London silver; and said, if I chose to go home with him, he would shew it me; he said, he lived in Brick-lane, Piccadilly. I was going home with him; and when I came to the Poultry, I put him into the compter. When I came to the Poultry, he said, for God's sake let me go, and take the property to yourself; and when he was at the compter, he said, he lodged in Whitecross-street; I forget the name of the court; I went to the house, and his wife was at home; and I asked her, if she knew any thing about her husband having any silver about him; and I learned from her, that he worked for Mr. Bateman, Bunhill-row.
(The silver produced, and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
That silver I bought of a man at a public house, in Houndsditch; that man said, he had brought it from Birmingham.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , (Aged 38.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
