





337 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WAKEMAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of January
 last, one silver watch, value 40 s. two stone seals set in gold, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Allen 
                           Wall
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  ALLEN
                   WALL
               



             sworn.
I am a japanner
, No. 4, Long Acre. I lost my watch last January in St. James's-street


; my pocket was picked of a silver watch, and two stone seals set in gold.
Did you perceive it taken out of your pocket? - I felt the watch taking out of my pocket.
What time was it? - It was, as near as I can recollect, about four in the afternoon; there was a crowd; it was the Queen's birth day; I was passing to the Thatched House Tavern, to dine with some others; they are tradesmen; I looked at my watch coming up King-street, St. James's-square, very near the narrow passage that crosses St. James's-street; and I felt my watch in my fob in St. James's-street, but very shortly after I felt it going from me; I saw the prisoner standing close to my right side, his left side was to my right side; I never saw my watch again; I missed my watch; I felt it going, and concluded I was robbed; I instantly put down my eyes, and saw my watch in the prisoner's left hand; he was then in the act of drawing himself from me; I charged him with the robbery, and laid hold of him, and to my astonishment he denied, though I saw it in his left hand; there appeared to be accomplices of his present, for they pressed upon me; he struggled to get from me, which he effected, by their assistance; the prisoner got from me a short distance; I was endeavouring to apprehend him; I saw two young men that are in Court; I desired them to stop him: that was Hoddle and Taylor; which they did; I never lost sight of him from the time he robbed me till they took him, nor was he more than three or four yards from me.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. The prisoner was taken to the Brown Bear before you arrived there? - He was, perhaps ten minutes.
When you came to Bow-street, did you, or did you not, point to some other man as having had your watch? - There was a young man; two of them that were at the fire side, one on the left hand; the prisoner was on the right hand, the two constables sat between him and me; there was one candle burning, that was some distance, and I could not immediately judge one person from another; I believe there was something passed of that kind; there was a young man sat at the left hand; says I, that is the man, in consequence of which the prisoner started up, and said, so you have pointed him out, instead of me; then says I, I could never say that, for thou art the man.
At the time you pointed to the other man, as the man that took your watch, you had not seen the prisoner at the Brown Bear? - He had not caught my eye, for the constables were between him and me.

What did you point out the other man as? - I did say that is the man that took my watch.
Did you mean so then, at the time you said so? - Why, certainly I meant so.
Did you think so, at the time you said so? - I thought so, or else I would not have said it; says the prisoner, you have said this moment, that is the man that robbed you; I did not see him before then; says I, my friend, I was under a mistake, for thou art the man.
How long was this mistake of yours after you saw the watch drawn from your pocket? - About half an hour, I believe.
Had you day-light in St. James's-street, to see the man by? - I had day-light; I believe it was about four, when I was robbed by the prisoner; I enquired of Sir 
               
                  Sampson
                   Wright
               



            's men; it was about six when I reached to Bow-street, which was two hours.
Did you ever find your property again? - Me find my property! no.
Was the prisoner searched at Bow-street? - No; not that I know of.
Do not you remember saying at Bow-street, if he is the man he must have my watch about him? - I never said so; the prisoner was searched at a publick-house in St. James's-street, very shortly after.
Was your watch found upon him? - I did not see my watch.
Do not you know that it was not? - I certainly do.
You know it was not found upon him in St. James's-street? - I believe not.
Have you any doubt about it? - I was present; but there were several people round; and it was not found; I did not search him; I believe it was not found.
Do not you know it was not found? - Well, I say, I know it was not found.
Court. At what distance were you from the man you had pointed out at Bow-street; the wrong man? - I believe it might be as far as from your lordship; something there or thereabouts; a little more.
How large was the room? - It was a pretty large room; and as I entered into the door, at the side nigh the fire there were two young men sat, one of them had a brown coat on, the same colour as the prisoner, that made me conclude he was the same man; but I did not see his face at the time clearly; I judged it in a hasty manner, from seeing him in the same coat; when he stood up he was rather shorter, but he did not stand at the time I made the remark; I did not see the prisoner's face at that time.


                  RICHARD
                   HODDLE
               



             sworn.
I am a coach harness maker, in Shad's-row, Battle Bridge. I was in St. James's-street on the Queen's birth day, about four in the afternoon, walking up the street; I had not got far before I met the prosecutor, who said, that instant he had lost his watch, and pointed to the prisoner, a few yards distance; he said, he was the person that took it, for he saw it in his hand, and begged 
               
                  Joseph
                   Taylor
               



            , who was in company with me, to assist in taking him; I was about three yards off; there were some people between us; the prisoner was walking; I overtook him; and he was taken to the publick-house and searched; nothing was found upon him; I went with the prosecutor to Bow-street; but I do not recollect his pointing to another person.
When you went into the Brown Bear did not Mr. Wall point to some other man, and say he was the man? - No, Sir, he did not.
You must have heard it, if he had? - Yes.
You were close together? - Yes; he never deviated in the least.
Then Wakeman never said to him, oh, Sir, a moment ago you said, that is the man that robbed you? - The prisoner pointed to the man on the side of the fire place, and said, that was the man you pointed to in St. James's-street: I think he never deviated from the prisoner; he neither did nor could.


                  JOSEPH
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I am a coach harness maker. I was in St. James's-street about four in the afternoon,on the Queen's birth day; going up St. James's-street, on the left hand side of the way; I saw Mr. Wall, and heard him say he had been robbed of his watch; he then pointed to the prisoner, who was some little way from him; he wished me to take him; I assisted Mr. Hoddle in taking him.
Were there any people between the prosecutor and the prisoner, when he was pointed at? - Yes; there were some few I dare say.
Then you do not recollect? - He was at some distance, and there was a crowd.
Was you at the Brown Bear afterwards? - Yes.
Do you remember the prosecutor coming in? - Yes.
Did he point to any other person besides the prisoner? - No; I went in with him.
Mr. Garrow. Then there was no mistake about the person at Bow-street? - None at all.
You must have known it if he had? - Yes; he did not point to any body else; I am sure of it.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
On the Queen's birth day generally hairdressers go to see the present fashions; I went for that purpose only; I was accused by this prosecutor; I was very much surprized, at it; then Mr. Wall said, good God, if you have not got it, how could I be so mistaken; I said, you should be ashamed of yourself; then two men took me into custody; I offered to go into a publick-house, and be searched; then I was taken to the Brown Bear, at Bow-street; they searched me a second time; after I had been at the Brown Bear Mr. Wall came in, and challenged another person, but on receiving a hint from a person that stood by, he said, that is the person.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a very good character.




               GUILTY, of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
