






589. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     SAUNDERS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PHILLIPS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th day of October
, 48lb. weight of raw sugar, value 12s.
             the property of persons unknown.


                  JAMES
                   MANN
               



             sworn.
I am a Custom-house-officer: On the 19th of this month, I took the two prisoners coming on shore, one with forty pounds weight of sugar in a bag, and the other, eight pounds, upon Wiggins's Quay


, it might be nearly half past one o'clock in the day, they were in a lighter lying a-long-side of the Quay, when the wharfingers went home to dinner, I took charge of the lighter from one to three; Phillips was making towards Bear-Quay-stairs, and I prevented his going on shore there.
Q. Was there more sugar in the lighter than this? - A. Yes, there was; when they were coming on shore, I insisted upon seeing what they had got, and they said it was scraings; I examined the bag, and found it neat sugars, except about half-a-pound of scrapings mixed with it in the bag; the small bag was nett sugar; Saunders had the large bag, and Phillips the small one; the watchman upon the lighter said, blast you, you have made a better day's work than I have.


                  JOHN
                   ROOK
               



             sworn.
I saw these two men with the sugar, and I desired them to put it down, and they gave me rough language, and told me it was nothing but scrapings; I was at the other end of the lighters, they were both together as nigh as I could guess; I told them they had made a better day's work then I had made, and then this gentleman stopped them.


                  GEORGE
                   SMILEY
               



             sworn.
I am an officer, I was upon duty at the time; Mr. Mann called to me, and gave me charge ofthe prisoners; I saw the bags of sugar, the other officer that was with me took the sugar, and I took the men; Saunders had the large bag, and Phillips the small one.


                  THOMAS
                   DOGGRELL
               



             sworn.
I had this bag of sugar (producing it) from the Custom-house-officer, he took it from Saunders.
Mann. This is the same sugar.
Saunders. It was Phillips that had the bag, not me.
Phillips. I was at work there, and the man would not let me chuck that sugar into the rest, because it was wet, he would not have all the sugar spoiled by such stuff as that; I asked him what we were to do with it; and he said, take it to hell.
Saunders, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 27.)
Phillips, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 27.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
