






112. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of December
, 10lb. weight of nails made of coppers and tin, value 10s. and an hempen bag value 1d.
             the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Bates
               




            .
(The case opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  WILLIAM
                   BATES
               



             sworn.
I am a slater
, I was employed to slate the new church at Hackney


, by contract. On the 20th of December, before five, I had occasion to go to a shed, adjoining to the New Church-yard, as a tool house, the Church-yard is fenced with a wood sence, while the church is building, I went there with the other witness, Burn, in order to see what two inch and a half nails I wanted, the nails we used were two inches and a half, two inches, and one inch and a half, they are made of copper and tin; there were three forts found in his lodgings, but the two inches and a half sort are not common in the business; I was bound by the surveyor to use a particular sort of nails.
Q. By whose directions were these nails made? - By my own, I furnished the pattern to the surveyor.


                  Q. 
               


            Who were the founder that cast them? - Mr. James Burrows in Houndsditch.
Q. Was the prisoner at this time in your service or not? - He was as a labourer slator. When I went to look into this tool house, I found about ten pounds more or less in this bag.
Q. Were they all the two inches and a half sort or were they mixed? - Mixed, with large ones at the bottom.
Q. With how many forts were they mixed? - Three, it was a bag that was kept on purpose for long nails.
Q. Was it an unexpected thing by you to find three forts in this bag? - It was.
Q. Did that excite any suspicion? - I cannot say it did at the time.
Q. Where were the other fort of nails kept? - In tubs. The bag was put on the top of the tub; I had the other witness with me that saw them, I then gave him a note to go to Mr. Burrows for half an hundred more of two inch and a half, and two inch, and inch and a half; I went home then, all the men had come out of the yard except the prisoner, the remainder part of the men went home with me, the prisoner stayed behind.
Q. Did you see the prisoner there or did you only suppose that he stayed behind? - I only supposed that he stayed behind, I saw all the others leave work, he was on the premises at that time, I left him on the roof when I came down from the roof, before I left the premises, if he had gone out of that yard he must have come through a door that I must have seen him; I received some information that evening, I got up at five o'clock the next morning, and was in the Church-yard just as the clock struck six, that was before the workmen came to work, then I went into the tool house as soon as the doors was opened, and I searched the tool house and found the bag missing with its contents, I waited there till half past seven when I saw the prisoner coming with a bag in his hand in the old Church-yard, I went to him, as soon as he saw me, he had the bag in his right hand, he put it between his great coat and his little coat, this was as soon as he saw me, before I could get up to him; I then asked him what he had got there? He said nothing; I then took the bag from behind him and I asked him what he had done with the nails that were in it last night? he said he had not taken any thing with it but a bit of mortar.
Q. When you got possession of the bag was you able to say whether it wasthe same bag that you kept in that place? - Positive, I made it myself it was one that was cut of a large one that was wore out, and we cut the large ones up and make smaller ones of them as they wear out; I then took him to a public house to get an officer.
Q. Did he say any thing at that time? - He denied it strictly, still persisted; I then left him there, I was not willing to be troubled with a tedious prosecution, that he might go away, and I went on to the church, in about half an hour afterwards he came up towards the building, he there b-st-d my eyes and limbs, and swore that he would prosecute me for taking away his character; I then took him back to the public house again and I then sent for an officer, I then when the constable came, gave him his choice either to go into the cage or to go home about his business, and send his wife at night and I would pay her, and never let me see his face any more, to do which he liked; he then said he would be damned if he would not see himself righted, then he was put into the cage till eleven o'clock, and he was taken before the bench of justices in Worship-street, he was there committed for re-examination but was taken into a public house adjoining to the office.
Q. Before the magistrate was any thing said to him advising him to confess, that it would be better for him? - There were not. He was taken in custody of the officer to the public house, when I was going away, he then said that he had got something to say to me, he had been examined before.
Q. Had you said any thing to him to frighten him into a confession of his guilt? - I asked him to turn evidence against the man where he sold them.
Q. Had you desired him to confess, or made him any promise? - No, nothing.
Mr. Knapp here objected to going into the evidence of the prisoner's confession but was overruled by the court.
Q. What did he say? - He said he had never sold any; he then was taken into the little room and the magistrate was there, he confessed before the magistrate.
Q. Was what he said before the magistrate taken in writing or not? - It was not.
Q. Did the magistrate make him any promise of favour? - Not that I heard and I was in the room.
Q. Do you think if he had you should have heard it? - I am sure I should. He there confessed to taking three pounds of nails.
Q. What were the words? - Them were the words, and he likewise told the justice where they were at his lodgings. the officer and I and the prisoner went to the lodgings, but I did not go up, we went by his own directions where he pointed out.
Q. Where were the lodgings? - I really cannot tell; I went within five or six yards of the door; the officer went up and the prisoner went up with the officer.
Q. Was there any thing brought out of that. house? - Three pounds two ounces of nails and other things, the officer brought them out and the prisoner with him, the officer has got the nails, the officer then requested of me to go up into the room likewise, I went up and he searched the room, and he charged me to aid and assist him to take him back to the office, when he was committed for reexamination on Monday, when he was finally committed.
Mr. Knapp. I take it for granted you employed a great many workmen in this slating of Hackney Church? - Yes, sometimes more and sometimes less.

Q. How many at this time? - I believe there might be eight persons at this time.
Q. You say that you furnished the pattern of the nail that you have described? - I filed the nail up and I took it to Mr. Burrows that he might cast me a certain quantity according to that sample.
Q. Are you a nail maker? - I am not.
Q. Do you deal in them? - I deal in them when I buy them.
Q. Do you deal in them as a manufacturer of nails? - No.
Q. You then employ of course a person dealing in that trade for the purchase of them? - Yes, I buy them of the founder.
Q. How long have you been a slater? - Fourteen or fifteen years.
Q. Perhaps you have roofed many churches before this time? - Yes, I have.
Q. Perhaps you have used the same sort of nails? - No, I never did.
Q. Then this was a new scheme of your own to try these sort of nails? - It was.
Q. Not being a manufacturer of nails you will not say that other manufacturers of nails might not have the same sort of nails? - When the founder is here he will prove that he cast them; I did not tell you that I made them.
Q. Why so angry? Will you take on yourself to say that other manufacturers of nails might not have some of the same quality that you charge to have lost? - I verily believe that they have not.
Q. Then if nail manufacturers are here, and will produce nails of the same quality, and exactly similar to your own, you will be surprized? - No, I shall not.
Q. I like that answer extremly well, with respect to the bag, how long might you have had that bag belonging to you? - About six months or more.
Q. You say it is made out of a large bag? - It is.
Q. What purpose is this bag for? - To take nails in smaller quantities for smaller jobs.


                  Q. 
               


            I take it for granted that your workmen take this bag out to do their jobs? - Yes, they do, but not of that kind.
Q. You say you observed the bag and made it yourself out of an old bag, you have many other bags in your warehouse? - I had none of that size exactly.
Q. Now this bag with the nails, you saw in a corner of the shed, the night before? - I said, it was on a sirkin in the shed.
Q. And you looked in there and saw ten pounds of nails? - I did not look in, Burn took it out of the tub and gave it to me, I saw the nails.
Q. You say, seeing this, it created no suspicion in your mind? - No, none at all.
Q. You stated just now to the court that it was unusual to put these sort of nails in the bag, did it not surprise you to see a quantity of these nails in a bag on a sirkin? - No, it did not at all.
Q. That bag was in the use of taking a quantity of nails out of the tub and carrying upon the roof? - It was employed for taking large nails only.
Q. Now with respect to this bag, has it never happened to you to lend this bag to workmen for any purpose whatever? - Never in my life.
Q. The prisoner at the bar never borrowed this bag for any purpose? - Never, he has a bag of his own.
Q. Then he never borrowed the bag in the question? - Never.
Q. You say that the prisoner before the magistrate stated what you have said, by way of confession, that he had taken three pounds weight of nails, was your examination reduced to writingbefore the magistrate? - For what I know.
Q. Did not you sign something? - I did.
Q. Then you know very well it was taken down, why did you trifle with the jurors time in this way, as your examination was taken down in writing, and the other witnesses, was not the examination of the prisoner, that you have been talking to my learned friend, taken down in writing? - I cannot tell whether it was or not, I will not swear either way, I don't know that it was, I did not see it wrote.
Q. What did you mean by daring to say that it was not taken in writing? - I did not.
Q. What did you mean that you believed it was not taken down in writing? - I signed a paper myself, but whether there was any thing else more than what I signed, I know not, it might be taken down, for any thing I know, and it might not.
Q. What did you mean by telling my lord that you believed that it was not taken in writing, on that presumption my lord took the confession as part of the evidence against the prisoner; both times when you was before the magistrate, was there any examination of the prisoner taken down in writing? - Not to my knowledge.
Q. Do you know whether there was not? - I did not see any of his consession.
Q. The confession of the prisoner, will you swear that it was not taken down in writing? - I do believe it was not.
Q. Will you swear positively? - I will, if the confession is what you mean.
Q. Now you mean to swear positively that there was not any confession taken down of the prisoner? - I did not see any writing, and from that I should naturally suppose that there was none.
Q. I believe there were other persons suspected of this as well as the prisoner? - Not to my knowledge, never, not in stealing of the nails, but I have of lead.
Q. The prisoner told you where to go to his lodgings? - He keeps two different lodgings, he went with me by the desire of the justice.
Q. He complied with that desire, and shewed you his lodgings, where these nails were found; the very next day he brought the bag back to Hackney Church; you know; you took it from him? - I did.
Q. There were three sorts of nails described to be in this bag, do you mean to swear to the others as well as to the two inch and half nails? - I should not have sworn to them, if it had not been for his uncle.
Mr. Knowlys. This person first of all went through a regular examination before the magistrate? - He did.
Q. Did you see any writing going forward at all? - No, only the clerk wrote a paper, which I signed after they were all gone away.
Q. Was there any writing going forward at that moment that he gave his confession? - There was not.






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the City of LONDON; AND ALSO The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex; HELD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday the 15th of January 1794, and the following Days; Being the SECOND SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Hon. 
                  
                     PAUL
                      LE MESURIER
                  



               , Esq. 
                  
                     LORD
                      MAYOR
                  



                OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
TAKEN IN SHORT-HAND BY MANOAH SIBLY, PROFESSOR OF SHORT-HAND, No. 35, Goswell-Street, And Published by Authority.
NUMBER II. PART IV.
LONDON: Printed and published by 
                  
                     HENRY
                      FENWICK
                  



               , No. 63, Snow Hill, PRICE THREE SHILLINGS.

THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer and Goal Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.

Continuation of the Trial of 
               
                  THOMAS
                   WILLIAMS
               



            .


                  JOHN
                   BURN
               



             sworn.
I was in the employment of Mr. Bates at the time that this matter took place, my master gave me orders to go and fetch half a hundred of nails from the brass founder's, a quarter of a hundred of a sort, then he told me to bring down the two best bags that were on the top of the church, to carry these nails in, I brought them down, one full and the other empty, when I came down my master had a bag in his hand for me to bring these nails, I left the bag that had the nails in, in the house with the nails.
Q. Did you go with your master to the tool-house? - Yes.
Q. Was there any bag of nails in the tool-house? - There was.
Q. Was the prisoner at work on that day? - He was.
Q. Was you there when the workman left the work? - We all struck, and I came down first.
Q. Did the prisoner come down with the rest? - He did not come down with them.
Q. Do you know whether he went away with the rest of the workmen, or whether he stayed behind? - He stayed behind, I mean the day before he was taken up. On the evening of that day I went for the nails according to my master's order, I stopped for the prisoner in my way to town, it was by the desire of one of the men.


                  Q. 
               


            When he came up had he any thing with him? - He did not come upquite to me, when I saw him, I saw him crossing over the other side of the way, and he went on, and I followed him, and he had a bag with him, which I thought were nails, this was after I came away from work, I was in my way to London.
Q. How far might this be from the church? - About two minutes walk. Then he had a bag with him, with something in.
Q. Did you say any thing to him when you saw him with the bag? - I asked him what kept him so long? and he muttered, and said that he came behind the coach; there was a coach coming past quite smart, then he walked on a few steps, and I put my hand to the bag, and asked what he had there? he said he had nothing, or to that purpose, and he goes a little further across the fields, and he says to me, John, are you not going out of your way home? says I, I am going right enough, I am going to the brass founder's to get half a hundred of nails; when I came to the brass founder's, at the corner of the street, of Houndsditch, he said to me if I would not stop too long he would wait for me, then I goes to the brass founder's, and the nails were not ready, and I came out, and when I came out the prisoner was gone.
Q. Did you acquaint your master of this business? - I did, that same night.


                  Q. 
               


            Was you present when he came back the next morning? - I was not present.
Mr. Knapp. How long have you been employed by your master? - Two years, next June, or May.
Q. Are you acquainted with nails a good deal? do you know the different quality of them? - Yes.
Q. Have you ever seen any of these two inch and half nails before? - Never.
Q. Have you ever worked in a nail manufactory? - No.
Q. There may be other nails of the same dimensions and quality in other warehouses? - There may be for what I know.


                  Q. 
               


            Have you ever seen any? - No.
Q. This man said at the brass foundry, if you would not stop too long, he would wait for you? - He did.
Q. I believe you was detained by the mistres? - I did not stop two minutes, and he was gone.
Court. You say that you never saw two inch and half nails before? do you mean respecting composition, or as respecting the size? - I do not understand you.


                  JAMES
                   GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn.
I am the constable, I was the person sent for to take this man into custody, by Mr. Bates, to a public house in Hackney, he had stopped the prisoner with this bag, I took him to the public house in Shoreditch.
Q. Who had the bag, the prisoner or Mr. Bates? - Mr. Bates.


                  Q. 
               


            Was he examined before the magistrate? - He was, and ordered for another examination, he went out of the office into the public house adjoining.
Q. When you went into the public house did any thing pass from him? - After we had been there some little time he wished to speak to Mr. Bates, his master, he informed Mr. Bates he had got a little quantity of nails at his lodgings.
Q. Where was it he said this? - At the public house.
Q. Before he said that, did he say how he came by them? - I don't recollect particularly, he informed the magistrate afterwards.
Q. Before he said any thing of this sort, had Mr. Bates made him any promise of favour? - Mr. Bates told him if he would give an account of the whole, wherehe had sold them, he would be as favourable as possible.
Q. Did you know where the prisoner lodged before he said any thing? - No, I never see the man before that morning.
Q. In consequence of what he said did you go any where with the prisoner, or did you do any thing? - I went with him to his lodgings in the Borough.
Q. Who directed you to the place where he and you went? - The prisoner himself.


                  Q. 

               


            Where did you go to? - I don't know exactly the street, it is a little street on the right hand, just by the Borough, No. 16.
Q. How did you know they were his lodgings? - He told me so himself, I found there a quantity of nails, to the amount of three pounds, they have been in my custody ever since, they are here.
Mr. Knapp. Then we learn from you, though Mr. Bates would not say it, that he said, that he would be as favourable as he could, if he would tell the whole of the story, where he had sold the nails? - He did.
Q. The prisoner told where his lodgings were? - He did.
Q. Do you know the quality of nails? - I never saw any of that metal before.


                  Q. 
               


            Perhaps you are not much acquainted with nails? - I am not.
Bates. These are the nails I had particularly for my work at Hackney Church, I swear to them from the size of the nails, I do not swear to the others.
Court to Griffiths. Did you separate the nails? - They were found altogether, and separated by the size of them, before the magistrate.
Q. How many sorts are there? - Three sorts.
Bates. They are the three samples of nails that I used at Hackney, the large ones for the large slates, and the other for different size slates, I have not the least shadow of a doubt about the others.
Court. Do you swear to that sort by the size or composition? - By the size.
Q. What do you believe about the others? - I verily believe those to be my property.


                  Q. 
               


            Pray did you happen to know the next morning whether the bag was missing from the tool house or not? - When I went into the tool house the bag was then gone with the nails, and I took him with the bag.
Q. When you took him with the bag was there any thing in it? - There was nothing at all in it.
Q. When you saw him at this time, was he coming up to his work? - He was.
Q. Have you looked at the bag? - I have; it is mine, I know it by the fringe and make of it, there is no particular mark on it.
Mr. Knapp. You swear to the make and fringe. It is a square bag, like any common workman's bag? - No, it is not.
Court. Is it common in the ordinary business for these bags to be taken home by the workmen? - No, They are made to carry certain samples of nails up on the church, as we went on with the business.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say particular; I leave it all to my counsel. My master said that I was the last left in the building; there were twenty men at work after I left the building, of stone masons and carpenters; we were always the first that leaved the building.
Court to Bates. Was there any men left on the building after your men came down? - There were no men of mine, but there were other peoples men.



                  JAMES
                   DYSON
               



             sworn.
I am a slater.
Q. Are you acquainted with nails? - I am. I am in the same business with the prosecutor, Mr. Bates.


                  Q. 
               


            Have you ever been employed in slating a church? - Yes, several.
Q. What sort of nails have you used? I do not remember ever using copper nails to a church? - We are using copper nails, but not to the church.
Q. Have you ever used any tin and copper nails? - I don't know that ever I did.
Q. Have you ever used any nails of two inches and a half? - Yes.
Q. Then you have used nails of that size? - I have.
Q. If you was to see these nails, could you, from the judgment that you have of nails, take on you to swear to the identity of them? - No, sir, I could not swear to them.


                  Q. 
               


            Have you ever seen such sort of nails as those before? - Yes, I have some in my possession now.
Q. Other people, besides the prosecutor, may have such nails? - For anything I know.
Q. They are not so uncommon but nail manufactures may have them? - Persons in the slating line have them.
Mr. Knowlys. Where did you get these from? - From Mr. Burrows.
Q. Then you bought them of the same man that the prosecutor bought them of? - I bought them, I believe, December the 7th, I ordered them of Mr. Burrows in November, and they came home the 7th of December.
Q. Be so good as to look at these of Mr. Bates's. Are they the same as your's? - Mr. Burrows is the founder for Mr. Bates, and he founds for me.
Q. You say you don't use such nails yourself? - The people under me use them.


                  JAMES
                   BURROWS
               



             sworn.
I live in Houndsditch; I am a founder of nails.
Q. You are employed by the prosecutor, Mr. Bates? - I am.
Q. You have been employed by the last witness, Mr. Dyson? - I have.
Q. Mr. Bates has been describing to the jury some nails that you cast particularly to a pattern of his? - I made him some nails to a direction, a two and a half nail.
Q. Is that peculiar to Mr. Bates? - Mr. Bates had the first, and Mr. Dyson had some since, and Mr. Roberts had some since; that is all I have made of that pattern.
Q. Are there any nails that you would take upon you on your oath to swear to? - I know them that I made, but whether I sold them to Mr. Bates, Dyson or Roberts, I cannot swear.
Mr. Knowlys. You have only sold three parcels that you made to Mr. Bates's pattern? - Yes, last Wednesday I sold a small quantity besides.
Q. Mr. Bates and Dyson, to whom you sold another small parcel to, buys them for the purpose of using in his trade? - I should suppose so.
Q. Did Mr. Roberts use them in his trade, or buy them to sell? - For his trade.
Prisoner. My master took his oath before the justice, that them were not the nails that were missing that night, and he valued them nails at six-pence before the justice.
Court to Burn. Did the bag appear full or empty when you saw it in the prisoner's hand? - Full.
Court to Bates. Was that the same bag that was on the tub? - It was.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the Second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
