





713. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     RANSOM
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of October
 last, a feather bed, value 20 s. a bolster,value 2 s. 6 d. two sheets, value 6 s. a pair of linen bed curtains, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Lewis
                     




                  , in a lodging room
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   LEWIS
               



             sworn.
I am a house-keeper, No. 43, Aldersgate-street


; the prisoner took a ready furnished lodging of me, near two years ago; lately I found he had sold my bed to a man whom I have a warrant against; he left me, as near as I can recollect, the 16th of October; when he was gone the things were gone; I saw him on the Saturday, but on the Tuesday I found the things were all gone; I lost the things in the indictment; I never saw my bed since it was missing; the prisoner first told me he had pawned the bed at Mr. Berry's, who was burnt out by the fire in Aldersgate-street, and that the bed was burnt; I made him no promises; I believe the very day that he was committed he told me had actually sold it; I questioned him as thus, you have not sold it, have you? yes, says he, I have actually sold it.
Prisoner. The prosecutor promised me, if in case I made up the money the things would come to, he would not hurt a hair of my head; I told him my cousin, in Basinghall-street, would settle it; he went, and was in liquor, though my cousin appointed him at four o'clock.
To Prosecutor. Did you ever go to his cousin? - I went to his cousin, but it was at the request of him; the cousin sent for me; he first of all pretended he would settle every thing, and when I went to him he would do nothing; I never went to him till he sent to me; I never made any promise not to prosecute.


                  SARAH
                   LEWIS
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of the last witness; the prisoner's wife told me in his presence, that he had sold the bed, and the tick was washed not to be known, and the prisoner said he had really sold it for 10 s. to a man in Golden-lane; he said he had emptied the bed, and washed out the mark on the tick, and sold the feathers for four-pence halfpenny a pound; he told me he sold it for ten shillings, and carried it himself.


                  THOMAS
                   WYATT
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner; he confessed before me that he sold the bed and bolster for ten shillings.
Prisoner. I was out of work for some time, and I had a family, and necessity drove me to what I have done; I intended to have replaced every thing, and kept the key with that view; I do not owe the prosecutor above eight shillings and six-pence or nine shillings.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
