





5. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LONGFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of November
 the carcase of a sheep, value 21s. and 100 pounds weight of beef, value 21s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Lambley
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  GEORGE
                   LAMBLEY
               



             sworn. - I live in Castle-street, Westminster


; I am a butcher
, my shop is in Tothill-street: On the morning of the 15th of November, about two o'clock, I was alarmed by the watchman, that the street door was open; I came down, and missed the carcase of a sheep, and a quarter of beef; I had seen them when I went to bed; I have stated them at a guinea each, they were worth more; I got up and went to the watch-house, where I saw the carcase of a sheep, except the two shoulders, that had been mangled off, and the beef hanging up; it was then about half after two; I had no doubt about the sheep being mine, I had had it three days hanging up in the watch-house; I am sure it is mine, I know it by the particular scores of my own upon it.


                  ROBERT
                   GREENHILL
               



             sworn. - I am a patrole: On the 15th of November, about half past one, I was in the watch-house, and there came in a carcase of mutton, and a hind quarter of beef, upon a jack-ass, and the watchman with it, and he gave me a description of a person that knocked him down; I then went out, and found the prisoner about fifty yards from the watch-house; I charged him on suspicion; I found upon his right shoulder a large patch of grease, as if he had been shouldering the property; he used very ill language both to me and the Justices.


                  LEWIS
                   MUSTARD
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman; about a quarter before one, I saw a jack-ass go pastmy box loaded, that is about one hundred yards from Mr. Lambley's; I said what have you got upon this ass; the prisoner was with it, I am sure it was him, he was dressed as he is now; he knocked me down with a stick and ran away, and left the jack-ass and the property with me; I took it to the watch-house, and delivered it to the constable of the night.


                  ANN
                   DENHAM
               



             sworn. - I only know my jackass again, that is all; I made an exchange with the prisoner for a little horse, and I gave him half-a-guinea to boot; it was a brown jack-ass, cut a little under the tail with the crupper; I saw the ass in a stable, one of the watchmen had it in custody; I knew it to be the same.
Mustard. I took the jack-ass to Mr. Cooper's yard; Mrs. Denham came to look at the ass, she called him Rabbit, and he turned his head round and looked at her.


                  MARY
                   EVANS
               



             sworn. - I live in Pye-street; the prisoner said it was my husband's jack-ass, and I went to look at it in the watch-house, and it was Longford's own jack-ass; I had seen him riding the jack-ass, and Longford threatened if he got out he would give it to me, and would get my husband transported as well as myself.
Prisoner's defence. I had been out to Fulham to sell apples, and when I came back my stable was locked; I fastened up my ass while I went to get some hay, with the pannier upon him, and when I came back, the ass was gone I went to see after my ass, and the watchman laid hold of me and asked me if I knew any thing of the meat; I told him I did not, but I had lost my ass.
GUILTY. (Aged 16.)
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   CHAMBRE
               



            .
