





618. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TOBINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault on 
                     
                        Beatus 
                        Stavell
                     




                  , and putting him in fear, and feloniously taking from his person, and against his will, a silver watch, value 2l. a steel watch chain, value 1d. a brass watch key, value 1d.
             the goods of the said Beatus Stavell.
BEATUS STAVELL sworn.
I am a french teacher
.
Q. Was you robbed at any time? - Yes, I was robbed on the 26th of September
, I was returning from Stoke Newington; I took a coach at half an hour past six, and arrived in Cheapside.
Q. What coach was it? - The Newington stage, at six o'clock, and I arived about a quarter before eight in Cheapside, or a little before; then I walked in Newgate-street, all along, and being a dark night I took a hackney coach at the Old Bailey.
Q. Where was you robbed? - In this hackney coach, not in the stage.
Q. Where was you when you was robbed? - I was a little below St. Sepulchre's


; all of a sudden the coach gave way to the right, I was frightened, I thought that the wheel was broke, I did not know what was the matter; then I pulled the string, and the coachman came down to me, and he went to see what was the matter with the coach, two gentlemen came and opened the door, and said, take care of yourself, you are in danger of breaking your limbs; and I took my hands to help me down, I had no sooner stepped my feet, on the steps, but I felt my watch going, made a default to help myself with him, but the gentlemen took care to sasten myhands, and so I was obliged to let go the watch.


                  Q. 
               


            What did you do when the watch was going? - I screamed out, I am robbed! I am robbed! my watch! my watch! and I went to catch hold of my watch, but it was not in my power to help myself; immediately as I said I am robbed, I saw a man running with all his force down Snow-bill; in putting my two seet on the pavement, I felt myself pulled down behind, in such a manner that I sell headlong on my head, and very likely would have broke my scull, if providently my umberella which I had there, had not received the blow, so that I saved myself; then I arose, and I said I was not hurt, and then I make a great noise, to call a mob, because I saw two people running after the man that was running from me, therefore I was not afraid I should be hurt; because I knew an English mob was the best mob, only sometimes they are missed; directly the mob came to me, and helped me with the two men that was scuffing with the robber, or with the man that went from me, and the man was taken to the Compter.
Q. The man that was running was taken? - Yes, they told me so.
Q. Did the coach appear to you as if it was over turning? - It appeared quite hanging to the right, I did not know what was the matter.
Q. Have you ever had your watch since? - No.
Q. Why did you take up this man? - I did not take him up, I was carried by the mob with him to the Compter, and when he came there he sell on his knees, and he said, my life is in your hands.
Q. He had not been stopped at that time? - Yes, he was stopped before this, he said this in the Compter; then I told him directly, you must not be afraid of me, because I cannot swear to your face.
Q. You have never found your watch at all? - No.


                  Q. 
               


            Nor you do not swear to the men that came to the coach? - No, it is impossible, because they came to the coach, and I being higher, I could not so well see.
Mr. Gurney. But you see some person running down the hill after some violence was done to your person?
Court. I understand that you missed your watch as you got out of the coach? - Yes, as I was on the steps of the coach.
Mr. Gurney. You felt your watch go from you while you was on the steps of the coach, and it was after that that any violence was done to your person? - It was.
Q. You saw some person or other running down Snow-hill? - Yes, with great precipitation; it was not the man that that run down that made any violence to me.
Jury. Pray is the coachman here that belongs to the coach that you was in? - Yes, he is here; the number of the coach is 254.
Court. Was this a silver watch? - Yes, it was silver.


                  Q. 
               


            Steel watch chain? - Yes, and brass key.


                  WILLIAM
                   LEADBETTER
               



             sworn.
Q. Do you know that gentleman before you? - That is the gentleman that I carried.
Q. What was the number of your coach that day? - 254.


                  Q. 
               


            Where did this gentleman take you up? - He came and got in my coach, the first coach in the Old Bailey, and as it stood in the rank.
Q. What time of the day was it? - About eight o'clock, as near as I can guess the 26th I believe; I believe I was ordered to St. Giles's; before I got to Snowhill, nearly opposite St. Sepulchre's, they hallooed out I was broken down, then I stopped as soon as I could, and got down, and went to know how it happened.
Q. Was there any violence done to the coach, or was it an accident? - It was not an accident, there was a brace cut from the off side, the brace behind; I am sure it was cut; I got down from my coach as soon as I could, and I saw two gentlemen helping the gentleman out of the coach, but I did not take particular notice, I was quite confused, it was quite dark.
Q. Do you know either of these men that let him out of the coach? - I cannot say that I did.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at all? - I do not.
Q. Did you see a man that was before a magistrate? - Yes.
Q. Did you see him near the gentleman, was he one that handed the gentleman out of the coach? - I cannot swear to any body.
Q. What happened after the gentleman was handed out of the coach? - The gentleman hallooed out, he was robbed, and lost his watch, he hallooed out, I am robbed! I am robbed! I am robbed! I think he repeated it in that manner; I have lost my watch; two young fellows went and apprehended the prisoner, and took him, as I suppose; the man at the bar is the man that was at Guildhall, that is all that I know, I cannot say that is the man that cut my coach, nor that is the man that robbed the gentleman.


                  JOSEPH
                   PAUSEY
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Taylor, in Smithfield.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you see this gentleman robbed? - I saw a person run from the coach with the watch in his hand.
Q. Look at the prisoner, is he the man? - I am certain of him, he was the man that I stopped with the watch. The first thing I saw was a coach coming down Snow-hill, and I heard somebody call out to the coachman, you are broke down; and I went to the coach, and I saw the gentleman at the coach door.
Q. Is that the gentleman before you? - Yes, that is the gentleman.
Q. What past when you saw the gentleman at the coach door? - I saw some people very busy at the door, and endeavouring to get the gentleman out.
Q. Can you say whether the prisoner was one of those that was busy at the time? - I cannot say; I heard of the gentleman call out, I am robbed of my watch; I was standing at the coach wheel, and the prisoner passed me, and I saw him pass me, I looked at him, and saw the watch in his hand, and saw him put it under his great coat.
Q. Do you know what coloured watch it was? - I saw the glass of it, but whether is was metal or silver I cannot say; I pursued him, and took him by the collar; as soon as I had took him by the collar, I told him that he had got the gentleman's watch, he said, what watch? as soon as I took him by the collar, there came a man over my shoulder, and put his singer in my eyes, here is a small mark now over my eyes, a fear of it; I received several blows, from, I suppose, part of the gang, and I was pushed in the kennel, and I saw the prisoner at the bar in a scussle with (I suppose) Thompson, the other evidence; I saw him engaged with somebody else; the prisoner had a great white coat on, which he was endeavouring to get off; as soon as I got up I went to the prisoner again, who was secured by this Thompson.
Q. Do you know what became of the watch? - No, I never see the watch since.
Q. What became of the prosecutor? - We took the prisoner to the Compter, and the gentleman came up to us there.



                  Q. 
               


            Had this watch any chain? - I saw no chain to it, I saw the glass of the watch as plain as I see the candle now.
Mr. Gurney. There was a great bustle at this time? - Not when I stopped him.
Q. You saw the prisoner look at the watch when he passed you? - He did.
Q. Do I understand you to say that you saw him looking at the watch? - I did.
Q. You received several blows, from whom you do not know, certainly not from the prisoner? - I cannot say that the prisoner struck me.
- THOMPSON sworn.
I am a pastry cook; I was sitting in our parlour about Friday evening, the 26th of September, about half after seven I heard a noise in the street, I ran out to see what was the matter, when I came to the mob -
Q. In what street did you hear a noise? - In Snow-hill; I saw the prisoner in the middle of the mob, in a light great coat, with a hat on, which he pulled off, and with horrid imprecations said, he would give them battle, squring his arms as if he would sight, with that he run across the way, and I ran after him, and I called out stop thief! he ran up the George passage a little way, I followed him, and told him it was no occasion his running, he might as well stop, with that I collared him, at the time he said he would give battle.
Q. Was he running particularly? - He was squaring his arms, I got hold of him in that passage, and he fetched me a blow, which knocked me to the wall, and he received a blow from an unknown person, that setched him to the ground, and with the assistance of the mob we took him to the Compter.
Q. Did you see any thing on him at any time? - Only the great coat and hat which he threw off.
Q. Did you see any watch about him? - I did not, but when he came to the compter he said to Mr. Stavell, now my life is in your hands, sir, do as you please.
Q. Did he see the prosecutor at all, this gentleman? - When we came to the compter, not before
Mr. Gurney. When you first came up, the prisoner was quarrelling with the mob? - Yes, he ran athwart the way, the mob separted, and he ran, and I followed him.
Q. When you took him to the compter, he was tolerably frightened, was not he? - I do not believe he was any ways frightened or alarmed.
Prosecutor. He said at the compter, my life is in your hands, but I am innocent.


                  SAMUEL
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I was setched to take care of the prisoner, but he was put in the compter before I came; I searched him in the compter, and found nothing on him.
Q. Did he say any thing to you in the compter? - Nothing.
The jury withdrew nine minutes, and brought in their virdict.




               GUILTY
            , (Aged 31.)
Of larceny only.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
