





149. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MACDONALD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of February, a watch, with the inside case made of base metal, and the outside case covered with shagreen, value 2l. 12s. 6d. a steel chain, value 2s. 6d. a watch key, value 2d. and two seals set in metal, value 1s. 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Jancey
                        




                     
                  , spinster
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William
                         Bradley
                     



.
ELIZABETH JANCEY sworn. - I live at the Conduit, in Conduit-street, Hanover-square


: On Tuesday night, the 2d of February, I went to bed about half past eleven o'clock, and between twelve and one I was waked by a noise at the door, and upon looking up I saw the prisoner standing at the door with a candle; I had not locked the door; he lodged in the house; I spoke to the maid, who was in bed with me, and then he put the light out; I heard nothing more for about ten minutes, and then I heard the door open; I asked who was there, but there was no answer; I heard a foot go down stairs, and then I got up and got a light, and missed my watch from the wall at the head of the bed; I then went to my brother's room, and told him I had been alarmed; my brother and sister got up, and I went with them into the prisoner's room, and desired him to get up; he was some time before he got up; my brother slung the clothes off him, and discovered that his stockings were on; we then examined the doors and windows, and they were all safe; the prisoner wished to go to bed again; he said he must be upon guard in the morning, and could not sit up all night upon our business; he then attempted to go up stairs to bed, we went with him to the bed-room, and my sister, Sarah Bradley, upon examining the bed, found the watch lying between the sacking and the bed; I then asked him how he could think of coming to take my watch; he said I know nothing of it, it is a contrivance amongst yourselves; my brother then went and called the watch; the watchman came up stairs, and desired the prisoner to get up; he was then lying on the bed, with his hat upon his head, and his two hands put up before his face; he said he would not get up; the watchman desired him to take his hands down, and he would not; the watchman took down his hands, and drew him off the bed; he then got up, and dressed himself, and the watchman took him.(Sarah Bradley and William Bruce, a lodger in the house, confirmed the evidence of the prosecutrix).
Prisoner's defence. Upon the Tuesday night I had been at work till near twelve o'clock; I am a shoemaker as well as being in the guards; in the night, when I was fast asleep, Mr. Bradley came and waked me, and asked me if I knew any thing of his sister's watch; I told him, no, I did not know she had one, nor did I know that she slept in the house; I got up immediately, and we searched all over the house, and it could not be found; and then they came into my room, and found it; any body might get into the room; there is neither lock nor key to the door; I have slept there two months, and have lost things out of the room myself.
The prisoner called his serjeant, who had known him two years, and gave him a good character.
GUILTY
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
