





147. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of December
, two silk petticoats, value 10s. a cotton gown, value 4s. a silk petticoat, value 3s. and four bed curtains made of cotton and worsted, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Nicholls
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES
                   NICHOLLS
               



             sworn.
I am a dyer and sower
, I live at No. 3, Meard's-court, Soho


; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, on Thursday the 17th of December, about six o'clock in the evening; they were taken from the shop counter, they were the goods of a customer; I had seen them about an hour before in the window, my wife put them on the counter; I was at work below stairs, I did not see them again till last Saturday se'nnight.
Q. Did you see all of them again, or only a part? - A. Only the dark flowered linen gown; I was sent for by a Mrs. Jarvis, it was his house; when I went there I saw the prisoner.
Q. Did you ever see her before? - A. Never.

Q. The other things you have not seen again? - A. None of them; there were two white sattin petticoats, a blue lutestring fly coat, and faded green striped bed curtains.


                  WILLIAM
                   JARVIS
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 33, Warwick-street, Golden-square: I am a dyer and callender; I have a dark cotton gown, (producing it); the prisoner at the bar, in company with another woman, on the 5th of this month, brought this gown to be cleaned and glazed, and left it in the name of Taylor; they requested it to be done by the Friday evening following; on the same day, Tuesday, about three o'clock, I was going to mark the gown, which is my usual method, by writing the name in the inside of the body; I perceived the name of Hickman wrote in the inside; I then knew the gown by the make, and my hand-writing; I have had it twice in my possession before, from Mrs. Hickman, the owner; I had a suspicion the goods did not belong to the person that brought them; I went to Mrs. Hickman in consequence of her information; I went to Mr. Nichols, Mr. Nichols told me he had lost such an article; I took it with me at that time, but did not shew it to him; he mentioned that such a gown belonged to a person in the neighbourhood; I shewed him the gown afterwards, he knew it particularly, he said, by a name he had put in the inside of it.
Q. Had the person that left the gown called before you saw the name? - A. She called on Saturday; I had seen Mr. Nichols before; on Saturday morning she came for it herself; the woman that came with her came on Friday evening; I did not think it prudent to trust it with that woman; it has been in my possession ever since; I asked her how long she had had it, she said, four months; upon which I said, it appears to me, that the gown is stole, for I know the owner, therefore I must stop it; she said, she had the gown of a man, and could not tell where he was to be found; she said, she had the duplicate of a man in Drury-lane, but she did not know where he lived, or where he was to be found; upon which I detained her in the parlour, this was between eight and nine in the morning, and I detained her till I thought the Magistrate sat in Bow-street; in the mean time, I sent to Mr. and Mrs. Nichols, the owners of the gown; Mrs. Hickman knew it immediately, I gave it her before the Magistrate.
Prisoner. Q. Are you sure I said I had had the gown four months? - A. Yes.
Mr. Nickols. This is the gown that was left with me on the 15th of December; my little girl brought it from Mrs. Hickman, she went to school to her; I put Mrs. Hickman's name upon it, and the first letter of my own name.
Q. You had never had that gown before to do any thing to? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            Never before.
- HICKMAN sworn.
I sent my gown to Mr. Nichols, on the 15th of December, in the evening, by his little girl, when she went from school, at five o'clock.
Q. Had that gown, upon any former occasion, been sent to Mr. Jarvis's? - A. Yes; he had it twice to clean and glaze.
Prisoner's defence. On Saturday the 19th of last month, I was going down Drury-lane, I met a young man that I knew about two years ago; he worked at that time, he said, at the stone-mason's, in Drury-lane; he said he had been very ill, and he and his wife, were very much distressed; he asked me if I would give him a little beer; I told him I had no objection to give him a little beer, if I thought he was distressed; I went into a public-house with him, the corner of Great Queen-street, by the pastry-cook's, and gave him a pint of beer, and he told me his wife had been very ill for several months, and he had pledged his wife's gown, and he would sell me the ticket of it for 2s; I said, if I thought the gown would fit me, I would go and see at Mr. Lane's, the pawnbroker's; I went to Mr. Lane's; I gave the ticket, and called the gown down; I I took it out of pawn; I went back again to the young man that I bought the ticket of, and told him I did not think the gown was worth so much; I told him I would give him one shilling for the ticket; I thought that was as much as it was worth, and if he thought it was not enough, I would take it back and pawn it for what it was pawned for before, and I gave him the ticket again; he said the shilling would do for the ticket, and I took the gown home; in two or three days afterwards, I took it to a pawnbroker's in Fox-court, and pawned it for 3s.; a few days after, I took it from the pawnbroker's again, and carried it to Mr. Jarvis's, the callender, yesterday was a week; I told the woman I should send for it on Saturday; on the Saturday morning I went to Mr. Jarvis's after it, and he asked me if it belonged to me; I told him, yes; I had bought the ticket of it, and fetched it out of pawn; then he said he must stop me upon a piece of business; I told him I had no objection, and he desired me to walk into the parlour till he was ready to go to Bow-street, and that gentleman and lady went with me; and when I went to Bow-street they searched me, and searched my lodgings, and they could not find any thing; I am as innocent of it as can be; I told the prosecutor that if I was to be hanged without Judge or Jury, I could not tell where the person lived I bought the ticket of.(The prisoner called two witnesses who gave her a good character.)



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 28.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


