





271. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MADDE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Slaymaker
                        




                     
                  , between the hours of eight and nine in the night of the 29th of April
, and stealing four wooden broaches, value 4d. and eight pounds of candles, value 5s. the property of the said John
            .


                  JOHN
                   SLAYMAKER
               



             sworn. - I am a tallowchandler
, I keep a house in Red-cross street


: On Monday, the 29th of April, about half past eight in the evening, I went to the door, and saw the flap of the cellar open; the flap is on the pavement, and a window shuts over it, that was open 10c.
Q. This cellar is part of your house, I suppose? - A. It is under the house; I was going to shut the flap down, when I perceived something move at the bottom of the cellar stairs; when I stepped down stairs, the prisoner turned round, and said, Michael; I laid hold of the prisoner, he had some broaches of candles in his hand; I brought him into the shop, and while I went to fasten the flap, he attempted to make his escape; I missed five pounds out of the place, and there were three pounds lying at the bottom of the stairs, which I saw the prisoner throw down with the broaches.
Q. Was day-light one? - A. It was dusk.
Q. Could you discern a person's face or buttons? - A. Yes; when he turned round, and said, Michael, I saw it was a man; when I brought him into the shop, he said, he would pay me for all I had lost, as well as the damaged ones, if I would not send him to prison.
Q. Had you made him any promise of favour or threat? - A. No, I had not.


                  THOMAS
                   VANDEMAN
               



             sworn. - I am journeyman to Mr. Slaymaker, I was in the cellar about eight o'clock, the candles were there then, and no empty broaches there; I put the flap down.
Q. Did you shut the window? - A. No.
Q. Could he not then have got into the cellar that way? - A. No, not without opening the flap.
Q. Was the flap broke at all? - A. No, only he had took it up, and set it on one side; when the prisoner was taken, I went into the cellar, and missed the candles off three broaches; there was one broach at the bottom of the stairs, with the candles on.


                  GEORGE
                   BROOKES
               



             sworn. - I am an officer, I took charge of the prisoner and the candles,(they are produced); I have had them ever since.
Prisoner's defence. I was very much in liquor; a man pushed me down into the cellar, and, in falling, I knocked the candles down.
GUILTY (Aged 17.)




               Of stealing the goods, but not guilty of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
