





119. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     MATTHEWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of December
, a pair of leather check braces with two base metal buckles plated with silver, fastened thereto, value 8s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Price
               




            , Esq.




                  WILLIAM
                   FRENCH
               



             sworn.
I am a gentleman's servant, I am out of place at present. I was servant to Mr. Price at Snow-hill, I was under a footman when I lived with him.
Q. Did Mr. Price lose a pair of leather check braces with two base metal buckles? - Yes. On the 14th of December 1793.
Q. Do you remember the day of the week? - Friday night.
Q. In what way did it happen? - Going along Fore-street


 into New Broad-street


, with the carriage, I was on the top of the coach box with the coachman.
Q. At what end of the town is this New Broad-street? - In the city. going along we found the carriage come forward and the coachman cut behind, and two boys jumped down, and I got down from my box.
Q. Was the prisoner either of the boys that jumped down? -  Yes, he was one. I got down and ran after him and pursued him; I took him into Whitecross-street.
Q. Did you find any thing on him? - No, I saw him chuck one of the braces out of his hand and I took him the carriage, somebody picked both the braces up on the road, I did not see them picked up, but I see him throw one out of his hand; he told me when I took hold of him if I would go back with him he would shew me where the other boy lived; I went a great way with him, he went so far that I could not have time to go any farther.
Q. How soon did you see the brace after he threw it out of his hand? - I did not see it again till the man brought it up, I pursued him through Fore-street into Whitecross-street; I did not see the braces till I brought him back, the man brought it and gave it me into my hand.
Q. Was that man nigh the carriage when you returned? - Yes.
Q. Was that near where he threw it down? - Yes, the constable has them both, they were both picked up, but he threw down but one.
Q. Did that man give you one or two? - One.
Q. How came the constable to have two? - There was a man going to give it to the constable and he refused it, and he told him to give it me, then I had them both.
Q. Had you them both of one man? - Of two men. The constable has had them ever since.
Q. Could you distinguish which of them it was that he threw down? - No, I cannot.
Q. You are sure that two boys jumped off behind? - I am.


                  JAMES
                   PARKHOUSE
               



             sworn.
I am a coachman to Mr. Price, I saw the two boys behind the carriage, and I cut behind, and I stopped the horses, and I told the boy to get down after him.
Q. Was the prisoner one? -  I don't know whether he was or no.

Q. Did you see any of them throw down any braces? - I was on the box, I stayed on the box all the time, the braces and the boy were both brought back together to the carriage where I stopped.
Q. What part do they belong to? - They go from the main braces, they are called check braces, they are both alike, as near as possible. They are cut off at two different places, from opposite sides.


                  Q. 
               


            Have you seen them? - Yes.
Q. They are properly described? - They are.


                  JOHN
                   KING
               



             sworn.
I am an officer. On the 14th of December they were crying stop thief! after two boys, I saw one of them throw something down, and I attempted to run after him but I was knocked down directly, by a stick on my head; I heard the cry as soon as I got to the place in Whitecross-street, where the drays stand; I said to the foot-boy run in here there is one gone in underneath the drays, and here is one gone up the street, I will run after him that is gone up the street; I pursued him, he made his escape, and the footboy went after him underneath the drays and brought him out.
Q. Did you see the prisoner taken? - I did.
Q. How happened that you saw him taken if you was in pursuit of the other? - I ran about forty yards farther, and as I kicked the other boys heels up I was knocked down.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you seen any thing of the prisoner when he was knocked down? - He throwed one brace away, I see him throw it away as he turned by the ship dehouse. This is the brace that I see him throw away. I made a mark on it.


                  Q. 
               


            Is there a plate I buckle on that you see him throw away? - Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you pick it up? - I did not.


                  Q. 
               


            Then how do you know that was the one that he throw down? - This is the brace that he threw down, because I see him throw it away, I made a mark on it. I had the brace in my hand when I was knocked down.
Q. Where did you get that brace that you had in your hand? - Of a person I don't know.
Q. When the prisoner threw one down did you pick that up that he threw down? - I did not.
Q. Did you pick up the other that the other threw down? - I did.
Q. The other was given to you I suppose by a stranger? - It was.
Parkhouse. They are the braces.
French. They are the braces.
Court to French. Did you ever lose sight of him? - No, never lost sight of him.
Prisoner. The constable did not pursue me, they were looking out for a constable for to take me to the compter, he did not pick up neer a brace, nor nothing of the braces were given into his hand.
Court to French. Did you pursue him under the dray? - I did.


                  Q. 
               


            What time of night was it? - About eight o'clock.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 14.)




               Transported for Seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
