





535. 
               
                  
                     JANE ELIZABETH 
                     BENNET
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of December
, a damask table cloth, value 16s.
             the property of the Reverend 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Dent
                  




               
            .
Mrs. DENT sworn - I am the wife of the Reverend


                  Samuel
                   Dent
               



            : In the month of August last, I sent some boxes and trunks to Mr. Millington's, we were going out of town; I opened one particular box of linen, and took out a coverlid which was at the top; I found it locked, and corded the same as I had sent it; I left it locked, but not corded.
Q. Was the lock firm as usual? - A. It was; the box was so full it would hardly shut down; in the December following, I went to Mr. Millington's again, with my nephew, Mr. Gilmour; the prisoner opened the door, and upon my seeing her, I did not know her; I asked who she was; she said, she was 
               
                  Betsy
                   Bennet
               



            , the daughter of the cook, who lived with my brother; I opened the box, and as soon as I opened it, I observed there was very little in it; I had left it full, and had kept the key of the box all along; I missed a table cloth, and a great quantity of other things; that is the only thing that we have been able to trace.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. This child, I believe, is about sixteen or seventeen years old? - A. I do not know; she was daughter of the cook: Upon my brother going into the country, she came to the house.
Q. She told you her right name, Betsy Bennet? - A. Yes.
Q. It was a considerable time ago? - A.Last October.
Q. There is only one thing that you are able to identify? - A. Only one that I can swear to.
Q.How long was that property your's? - A.For several years.


                  ELIZABETH
                   MARTIN
               



             sworn. - I had the care of Mr. Millington's house, in August last; the prisoner's mother lived as cook in that family; shewas discharged, but continued to lodge in the house till she got a place.
Q. How came the prisoner at the bar to sleep in Mr. Millington's house? - A. She came to sleep with her mother; she had a lodging to pay for at the time.
Q. And you gave her leave to sleep in the house? - A. No, I did not give her leave, her mother brought her without there leave.
Q. Was the prisoner there from October till December last? - A.She had access to all parts of the house; whenever I went out, I left either the mother or daughter in the house.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. The mother has as much access to all parts of the house as the daughter? - A. Yes.
Q.Having been a servant in the house, she knew where all the property was? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you never employ this child yourself for any errands? - A. No; never.


                  JOSEPH
                   LIGHTFOOT
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, No. 8, Bulstrode-street, Mary-le-bonne: The prisoner brought things to my shop very often;(produces a table cloth); this was pledged with me on the 23d of November.
Q. Are you sure it was the prisoner? - A. Yes; she was often backwards and forwards with her own clothes, but never brought any table linen to my house but that; it was redeemed from me on the 11th of February.


                  MARGARET
                   WOOD
               



             sworn. - I went to Mr. Lightfoot's to take out a table cloth, it was on a Thursday, I think; I cannot recollect what month it was.
Q. By whose directions did you go to fetch that table-cloth? - A. The prisoner's.
Q. What did you pay? - A. Nine shillings; she told me it was left to her by a deceased uncle, and when she was of age, 201. a year for life; she directed me to go to Mr. Lightfoot's, and ask him if he bought such things out of pledge; I did ask him, and he told me he never did till it was redeemed; I came back and told her, and then I went and redeemed it; the prisoner desired me to sell it; I went and sold it to Mr. Gardiner, who keeps a sale shop, for sixteen shillings; I gave the prisoner the money.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Do you know the mother of the prisoner? - A. No.


                  WILLIAM
                   GARDINER
               



             sworn. - I bought a table cloth of the last witness, this is it.
Mrs. Dent. This is my table cloth.
Lightfoot. This is the table cloth I had of the prisoner; she pawned it in the name of Drummond.
The prisoner left her defence to her Counsel.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 16.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
