





586. 
               
                  
                     SOLOMON 
                     LOVELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of October
, a man's hat, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Goulding
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   MONTEATH
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman: On the 11th of last month, about half past twelve o'clock, I heard a cry of stop thief; I was sitting in my box, in Charlotte-street; I jumped out of my box, and as soon as I had come out, the prisoner at the bar was running as hard as he could run; I made a blow at him, and missed him; I gave my rattle a spring, and a young man, a baker, coming about twenty yards before me, tripped up his heels, and threw him in the kennel; I jumped upon him and kept him down; there was a hat lying by the side of him, I have got the hat here,(produces it); soon after, the prosecutor came up bare-headed, and said, that was the man that stole his hat, pointing to the prisoner; I had the hat in one hand, and the prisoner in the other; I shewed the prosecutor the hat, and he said he would swear that was his hat.


                  JOHN
                   GOULDING
               



             sworn. - I am a basket-maker
: On Thursday the 10th of last month, I went out between two and three o'clock upon business, when I returned, and had got to the Seven-dials


, the clock had struck eleven, I was going to Spitalfields, where I lived; the prisoner took the hat off my head, and ran away with it before me; I ran after him, and called out stop thief; I had not run above half a minute before I heard a rattle sprung; I then made a stop, and in about a minute and a half, or two minutes, I saw the watchman and the prisoner coming to meet me; I said, that is the man that took the hat off my head; it was a very light night.
Q. Had the prisoner a hat on? - A. Yes; the watchman asked if it was my hat, and I said, yes, it was; the fur was knocked off the back part of it, that is the principal thing that I knew it by; this is my hat.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Whoever took your hat did it in a great hurry, it was momentary? - A. Yes.
Q. A man ran by you as fast as he could? - A. Yes.
Q. You had never seen the prisoner before he was in custody of the watchman? - A. Yes; I had, when he took my hat off.
Q. And will you venture to swear that the prisoner is the man? - A. Yes, he is the man.
Q. This affair did not occupy half a minute? - A. No, nor a quarter.
Q. This was midnight? - A. I believe the watch had gone twelve.
Q. You had been making merry a little, had not you? - A. No more than I am now; we had no more than was necessary.
Mr. Alley. (To Monteath.) Q. How many persons were running besides the prisoner? - A. I did not see any other.
Q. How many others might have run upon the cry of stop thief you cannot tell? - A. No.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
