





509. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     BARRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of August
, two black silk cloaks, value 1l. 10s. seven yards of printed cotton, value 1l. 1s. a black stuff petticoat, value 10s. two silk gowns, value 2l. seven yards of silk, value 7s. four linen shirts, value 8s. seven linen clouts, value 7s. a linen apron, value 3s. seven pair of men's cotton stockings, value 14s. a child's linen bed gown, value 1s. 6d. five yards of linen, value, 3s. two linen shirt sleeves, value rs. a pair of black silk stockings, value 2s. two linen pillow cases, value 2s. a linen sheet, value 2s. a pair of black silk gloves, value 1s. four linen childrens caps trimmed with lace, value 2s. and a guinea
            ; the goods, chattels, and monies of 
               
                  
                     Eleanor 
                     Froggatt
                  




               
            .


                  JANE
                   BIRCH
               



             sworn.
Q. Are you the wife of 
               
                  William
                   Birch
               



            ? - Yes; he is a carpenter.
Q. You lost a good deal of your property; in whose house was it? - 
               
                  Eleanor
                   Froggatt
               



            's house, a widow
.
Q. Where did she live? - In Market-court, by Oxford-market


; I left there on the last day of August, in the one pair of stairs back room; it was my own apartment, I rented it of this Froggatt.
Q. When did you miss your property? - Four days after the last day of August; I went out and left the apartment safe, as I thought; I staid away four days.
Q. What was the prisoner at the bar? - A lodger in the house.
Q. Are the things that you lost here in court? - Yes, some of them that I foundat the pawnbroker's. I left my door very safe, not apprehending any danger, and when I went in at my door, the first thing I see was, my pocket book, which I found broke-open, and the guinea gone; the next I found was two boxes broke open.
Q. Had they been locked? - Yes. The next thing I turned my head and see my three drawers lay in different parts of the room; the case was never up the stairs, because it would not go up, but the drawers stood one on another in the room when I left them, but when I see them they were in separate parts of the room; I found nothing in them, but stripped of every thing but one blanket.
Q. Was any property left in the drawers? - Yes, every thing mentioned in the indictment was all there safe, I observed nothing else, but a piece of linen that is here, on the floor, that I picked up, I picked up my child's clothes all over the room, when I came in.


                  SARAH
                   BENSON
               



             sworn.
I am a soldier's wife; 
               
                  Jane
                   Barry
               



             gave me the duplicate of a silk cloak, which was at Mr. Jones's, Tottenham Court-road, for me to go and sell the cloak to Mr. Jones, out and out; he would not buy it; I came to my lodgings, at Mrs. Froggatt's, and told Mrs. Froggat what sort of a cloak I had seen; it was left in pawn, and Mrs. Froggatt told me it was Mrs. Birch's cloak; the next morning I took the remaining duplicates from her that she had, and I delivered them up to Mr. Kennedy.


                  ELEANOR
                   FROGGATT
               



             sworn.
I am a widow, I keep a lodging house; Mrs. Birch lodged in my back room, and this young woman, the prisoner, in the front; Mrs. Birch used frequently to go out and sleep with her husband, and she used to leave a blind child in my room, and so I desired her to quit my lodging, and she was moving away for two or three days before she went away, then she came back again and said she was robbed of all her things and she went and had a search warrant, and had I, and 
               
                  Jane
                   Barry
               



            , and my daughter up to the justice's and we were discharged, and the next day after there was a duplicate of a coat found.


                  WILLIAM
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
Q. Are you the pawnbroker? - I am.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - Yes, she and two more came to pawn this cloak, to the best of my knowledge there were three of them; she pawned the cloak for ten shillings and sixpence; I have got it now. (Deposed to.)


                  JAMES
                   KENNEDY
               



             sworn.
I am a constable belonging to Marlborough-street office; I know nothing but taking the prisoner into custody, and having duplicates which I received of Sarah Benson.
Prisoner. I know nothing about it at all.




               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 5s.
            (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
