





182. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     SAUNDERS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of December
, eight silver table spoons, value 4 l. and four silver desert spoons, value 20 s. and two silver tea spoons, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ignatius 
                     Gehagan
                  




               
            , Esq.




                  ANN
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I live with the prosecutor: we missed these spoons; my master and me looked over the inventory, on Christmas day, and found these several articles missing.


                  SAMUEL
                   BARTHWAITE
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to Mr. Hewitt, of Denmark-street, pawnbroker: the prisoner brought these spoons; and I asked him if they were his own property? he said, they were; this table spoon was pledged in November, for seven shillings and sixpence; and I have a desert spoon pledged on the 4th of December; the prisoner had been at the shop two or three times; he said, they were his own property; he was not in a livery, but as he is dressed now in a blue coat.


                  JOHN
                   BRAY
               



             sworn.
I am a silversmith and spoon-maker: on the 21st of December the prisoner came to me, and desired me to go to Mr. Cordy's,the pawnbroker's, next door, whom I do business for, to buy some silver spoons; he said, they were his; the pawnbroker said, he was the gentleman; he had been in custody at Mr. Hyde's, and discharged; there were four; I bought them; there was two desert, and one tea: I never saw him in livery: I gave him five shillings and one penny halfpenny, an ounce: on the 23d he called again in the morning, at my house, and sold me another spoon, without any mark, for ten shillings; about three or four in the afternoon he brought three more spoons; I bought them of him; first he said, he had no more; then he said, he had a quantity of plate which he wished to dispose of: I gave him five shillings and three-pence an ounce for those three spoons; he said, he had some sauce boats: I had a suspicion, and desired the pawnbroker to give information at the publick office; and the next morning when he came he was taken into custody: I have melted four and three. I produce two table spoons.


                  EVAN
                   SWAINE
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker: on the 16th of November I took in a teaspoon, of a person, who called himself George Woolfe; I am not certain whether it was the prisoner.
(
               
                  Ann
                   Taylor
               



             deposed to the two table spoons, with a bull's head.)
These I cannot swear to, nor this, because there is no crest; we have some at home marked like this tea spoon.
Prosecutor. This is the crest of my family.
Prisoner. When I pawned these things I was in my master's service; I was kept in custody three days, and I lost my place: I was in a great stagnation what to do to get money to take out the spoons; and I thought to sell five or six, and bring the others. There was near three pounds fifteen in my master's hands for wages, and bills. It was my sole intention to take the remainder out. I lived with counsellor Schoen before, and with justice Addington. My witnesses were all here yesterday.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years.
            

Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
