





136. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DEACON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of February
, eighteen pounds of mutton, value 6s.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Campion
               



             and 
               
                  Francis 
                  Campion
               



            .


                  THOMAS
                   CAMPION
               



             sworn. - I am a butcher

, in partnership with Francis Campion. On the 1st of February I went to Islington in the evening, as I do every day, and left my man in the shop; the next morning I learned that I hadlost a quarter of mutton; I know nothing of it myself.


                  SAMUEL
                   COPPS
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Messrs. Campion: On the 1st of February, about half past six in the evening, I went into the accompting-house, and heard a foot come into the shop; I immediately looked up, and saw the prisoner take a quarter of mutton off a hook, it weighed eighteen pounds; I followed him, and caught him about ten yards from the shop, with the quarter of mutton in his hand; I stopped him, and took it from him.
Q. Was all the mutton in the shop your master's property? - A. Yes, it was.


                  GEORGE
                   DENISON
               



             sworn. - I am a greengrocer, and deal in fish; On the 1st of February, about half past six, I heard the cry of thieves, and under the gateway, by Mr. Campion's, the prisoner and Copps were both lying upon the ground, and the mutton was lying by the post; he charged him with having stole the mutton; I went for a constable, and he was taken to the Compter.


                  MATTHEW
                   MILLS
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I took charge of the prisoner from Copps; I picked the mutton up between the two men.
Prisoner's defence. Copps took hold of me, and I told him I had seen a man run by with the mutton, and then he took me into the shop.
Copps. I saw him take it out of the shop, and never lost sight of him. 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 24.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
