





37. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NORTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
 last, a silver watch, value 18 s. a steel watch chain, value 2 d. and two metal seals, value 4 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Forrester
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   FORRESTER
               



             sworn.
I was servant
 to Mr. Ducarrel, at Margate, between four and five months, and at Ramsgate part of the time. I slept at the White Hart, Chancery-lane


, on Monday night, when we came to town; it is a public house; a friend of mine keeps it; I went away in the morning, and left my watch on the bed; I did not miss it till Iwent to dress my master; he lodged at the King's Arms coffee-house, over Black Friar's Bridge; I slept there that night, my master having company; and on Wednesday morning I returned to the White Hart; then I made enquiry for my watch; and I went to the pawnbroker's, and found my watch at Mr. Wright's, in the Almonry, on the same day; the prisoner is a soldier
 in the first regiment, and was quartered in the house; I put the watch on the bed; I did not hang it up; I took it from under my pillow, and left it on the bed; I forgot it; the prisoner slept in the same room, but not in the same bed.


                  JAMES
                   KENDALL
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Wright. I produce a watch which I received from the prisoner; he was a stranger to me; he brought it on Tuesday, the 9th of November, between one and two; I asked him who the watch belonged to? he said, to himself; I asked him where he bought it? he said, at Gainsborough, where he had worked some time ago; that is the place which is marked on the watch; he told me the maker's name and number; I lent him seventeen shillings and six-pence on it; he said his name was Thompson, and that he lived at No. 3, in Petty France; the prosecutor came and claimed it: (the watch produced and deposed to): a person came about two hours afterwards with the duplicate, and I desired to see the person that brought it, and he sent the prisoner in.


                  WILLIAM
                   MURRAY
               



             sworn.
The prisoner is a soldier, and was quartered upon me; the prosecutor slept at my house that Monday night, and lost his watch; the prisoner slept in the same room with the prosecutor; I saw the prisoner and another soldier go up stairs to tie one another's hair; and they came down again directly, and went out, without tieing their hairs.
Prisoner. Did not other people sleep in the room that night? - Yes, one William Alcock who collects land-tax for one of the wards in the city; and one Mr. Johnson slept in the same room; Johnson writes for Mr. Tancred, in Lincoln's-inn: the prisoner always behaved extremely well before this.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never had the watch in my possession; a Jew offered me a shilling to go to get the watch; I did not pawn it at first.
Court to Kendall. Are you positive to the person of the prisoner? - I am.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
