





467. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  GREEN
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of July
, two silver table-spoons, value 20s. a silk cloak, value 20s. a linen bed-gown, value 2s. two cloth aprons, value 2s. a cup, value 12d. two pair of cotton stockings, value 4s. two petticoats, value 8s. a muslin handkerchief, value 2s. and two gowns, value 13s. the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Woodford
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JAMES
                   WOODFORD
               



             sworn. - I keep a house in Charles-street, Westminster


, I am a tallow-chandler
, the prisoner was my servant
: On the 16th of july last, I came home about one o'clock, and was informed that the maid had been gone out an hour; she never returned, dinner was got ready, and then we missed two table-spoons, one she had taken into the kitchen that morning, and the other had been left there over night; I then went to Bow-street, and, with two officers, searched for her all over Westminster; then Mrs. Woodford missed the other articles; about a fortnight after, I wrote down to serjeant Linniker, belonging to the ColdstreamRegiment of Guards, who were at Barham Downs Camp, with a description of her, as we apprehended she had gone after some soldier; the serjeant took her into custody, and wrote to me to fetch her up, and Townsend and I went and brought the prisoner up to Bow-street; the spoons were pledged at Mr. Brown's, in Strutton-ground; Mrs. Woodford's cloak she pawned at Canterbury.
JOSEPH THOMPSON sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Brown, pawnbroker, Strutton-ground: On the 16th of July, the prisoner at the bar pledged two silver table-spoons; I never knew her before, I am certain it was the prisoner; I lent her sixteen shillings upon them. (Produces them).
ELIZABETH WILCOX sworn. - I am a pawnbroker at Canterbury: I took a black silk cloak in pledge from the prisoner, on the 31st of July.(Produces it).


                  JOHN
                   TOWNSEND
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of Bow-street: I apprehended the prisoner on Friday the 2d of August, with Mr. Woodford, I found upon her this apron, bed-gown, and cap, and a pair of black silk stockings, that she said were her master's property, that she had wore going down.
Mrs. WOODFORD sworn. - I am the wife of James Woodford: I know these spoons by the mark M W upon them; I know this cloak by the making and the mending of it, I did it myself; the cap is mine, the apron is mine; they are all mine.
Prisoner's defence. My husband is a soldier, he wrote for me, I was a great deal distressed, and I went down to him.
Jury. (To Mrs. Woodford.) Q. How long was the prisoner with you? - A. Only a week.
Q. Had you a character with her? - A. Yes, from the Hotel in Parliament-street.
GUILTY (Aged 23.)
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
