





486. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STANLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d day of October
, one wainscot pillar and claw table, value 3 s. a wire sieve, value 1 s. and a garden pot, value 3 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Haycock
                        



                     
                  ; and an iron spade, value 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Timothy 
                           Hobbs
                        



.
A second count, for stealing on the 24th day of October
, a piece of sail cloth, value 6 s. 6 d. the goods of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Haycock
               



            .


                  THOMAS
                   HAYCOCK
               



             sworn.
I keep the white Raven public-house, at mile end




; on the 23d of October I was working in my garden, I left my tools when I had done work in a shed; on Wednesday I went to the garden, between six and seven, I saw a place broke open between another garden and mine, then I thought I was robbed; I missed a shovel, a watering pot, a wire sieve, a table which stood in a drinking place; the things were all safe on Tuesday night; on Wednesday morning I went up into the summer house to look at some India pink seed, which I had left to dry, and saw the sail cloth then safe; on Thursday morning I found the same door open that had been broke open before; I had secured the door with an iron pin; it was broke away on Thursday night; I watched, I had not been there ten minutes when I saw a man on Hobbs's wall, about twenty yards from the gate; I went and procured some neighbours and surrounded the garden, and me and another went into the field the way that he had come; I saw him jump into the garden, I followed him the same way, I searched the garden, I saw a person go over the wall into the street; I had information that they were gone to the London hospital; I was making after him, and I met somebody with the prisoner, in custody, that was Mr. Austin and the patrol; I brought him to my house; he had a basket, a chissel, a pair of pincers, and a piece of canvas; we found nobody else; we took the prisoner to the office; he told us he lived at No. 4, Wilmot's Grove, Bethnel Green; the officer, and I and Hobbs went to his lodgings; Nash is the officer, his wife opened the door; she was frightened on the officer's asking her some questions; we found the shovel in an out-house, we found nothing else, but went back to the office, and took the shovel with us; I went with the officer and prisoner to an iron-shop opposite Shoreditch Church, there I saw the canvas lay open upon the flag stones, in the front of the shop, exposed to sale; I found the sieve, the round table, and the watering pot at the same place.


                  JOSEPH
                   NASH
               



             sworn.
I am an officer in Whitechapel; I went with the last witness to the house of the prisoner after the prisoner was apprehended; I was present when the shovel was found, and then I went back to the office; the prisoner did not confess to me, but to another officer who is not here; I went afterwards to the house of Mr. Snelson; Mr. Haycock told him if he would confess where the property was it would be better for him.
- NELSON sworn.
I keep a broker's shop; on Wednesday the 24th of October, between nine and ten in the morning, the prisoner brought me to felt awire sieve, a garden pot, and a round wainscoat table; I gave him 5 s. for the whole; he said they were his own property; he said he was much reduced in his property, and that was the cause of his selling them; on Thursday morning, between ten and eleven he brought this piece of canvas to sell; he said he was a gardener
, and kept it to cover the beds in the garden for use; I gave him 6 s. 6 d. for it; the things were delivered to Haycock. (The things produced and deposed to).
Prisoner. They said if I confessed it would be better for me.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 47.)
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


