





594. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     GUY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of November
 last, a linen shirt, value 8 s. one cotton petticoat, value 4 s. and two linen sheets, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Lee
               




            .


                  JOHN
                   LEE
               



             sworn.
I live in the Lower-street, Islington


. I lost the things in the indictment from my house, on Thursday, the 26th of November last: I did not see the prisoner take them: I saw them at Mr. Townsend's, the pawnbroker, in Shoreditch.


                  MARGARET
                   LEE
               



             sworn.
I am wife of the last witness. I lost the things in the indictment out of the drawers in the one pair of stairs; on Thursday, the 26th of November, the drawers were not broke open: the prisoner nursed my child at that time: I never saw them till I saw them at the pawnbroker's, ten months after.
- COOKSON sworn.
I produce the things: they were pledged in the name of 
               
                  Ann
                   Lee
               



            ; but I cannot say by whom: I know nothing of the prisoner: duplicates were given of the things.


                  CHARLOTTE
                   TREBLE
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Lee. I put the things in the drawer: they were missed the 26th of November.


                  ANN
                   TOMS
               



             sworn.
I keep a little chandler's shop in Brooks's-gardens. The prisoner came to live there. The prisoner came to me for credit, and brought me this duplicate for a shirt, and a pair of sheets: I cannot tell the day or the month. (The things deposed to.) The duplicate is dated the 28th of November.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never saw the things, nor never had the duplicate.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


