





714. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BANKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Stephen 
                           Franklin
                        



                     
                  , no person being therein, between the hours of one and two in the afternoon of the 28th of September
, and feloniously stealing therein a callimanco gown, value 10 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Barnes
                        



.


                  ANN
                   BARNES
               



             sworn.
I am a single woman
.
Q. What time did you leave your house the day that it was broke open? - At half after eleven in the forenoon.
Q. Was any body in it? - No.
Q. Had you secured the doors and windows? - I had.
Q. Had you any lodgers there? - I was a lodger myself.
Q. Are you sure that none of Mr. Franklin's family were in the house? - No one was in the house.
Q. Had Franklin no child? - The child was out with Mrs. Franklin, and I am very sure there was nobody in the house.
Q. When did you return? - About five in the evening.
Q. What day was it? - The 28th of September.
Q. Was you the first person that came there after the house was broke open? - No, I heard of it before I got home by a neighbour.

Q. Who did you understand was the first person? - I was the first of the family that came home, that belonged to the house.
Q. How did you find the doors and windows? - They were secured.
Q. Was any part broke? - No otherwise than the sash wrenched up and put down after the robbery was committed.
Q. Could any body go in when the sash was put up? - Yes.


                  ELIZABETH
                   FRANKLIN
               



             sworn.
Q. Are you the wife of 
               
                  Stephen
                   Franklin
               



            ? - I am, this house is his; I went out with Mrs. Barnes, I stood at her door while she fastened her window, and I saw her go and try the sash before she went out.
Q. Did you leave any body in the house when you went out? - Nobody, I had a little girl but I took her with me.
Q. Did either of you know the prisoner at the bar? - No.


                  BENJAMIN
                   BEVAN
               



             sworn.
I produce a gown, it was given me by Palmer along with the care of the woman, in Hatton-garden, it has been in my possession ever since.
- PALMER sworn.
On Saturday the 28th of September, I went home to dinner; I am a printer, I live next door, I went up on the leads, the leads of the two houses joins; as I was up on the leads, I saw the prisoner at the bar come up the court, she walked up and down, she had a basket on her arm, after she had walked up and down, and seeing nobody about she began to push the window of this house up, she was about twenty minutes getting it quite up; as soon as she got the window up she got in at the window, as soon as I see her quite in, I ran down stairs, and catched her coming out with the gown on her.
Barnes. I know the gown, I have mended it; I am a pensioner myself.
Prisoner. I know nothing at all about it, I have no witnesses at all, I have no friend in the world.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing to the value of 3 s. (Aged 27.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
