





276. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     YOUNG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of January
, a pannel saw, value 6 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Gill
                  



               
            . A pannel saw, value 5 s. a tenant saw, value 5 s. a plow, value 2 s. the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Stanforth
               



            . A ripping saw, value 2 s. the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Myrtle
                  



               
            . A sash saw, value 2 s. the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Wilson
                  



               
            . A square made of wood and iron, value 2 s. the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Smith
                  



               
            . A sash saw, value 2 s. the goods of 
               
                  
                     John Sawyer 
                     Glanville
                  



               
            .


                  BENJAMIN
                   GILL
               



             sworn.
I am a journeyman carpenter
, I was at work at the Duke of Leeds, St. James's Square


. On Saturday night I left the house at the usual time about six o'clock, I left the saw in the room, in the one pair of stairs on Monday morning, when I returned to my work again it was gone; it was a pannel saw, that is found; I lost an hand saw at the same time that was not found, and a trying square.


                  HENRY
                   STANFORTH
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter


 at the Duke of Leeds. On Saturday night I left work at six o'clock, I locked up my tools in my chest, a pannel saw, a tenant saw, and a plow; when I returned to work on Monday morning, there was my chest broke open and my property gone.


                  JOHN
                   MYRTLE
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter and work at the Duke of Leeds. On Saturday the 12th of January, I left work and left my tools in my chest; when I returned on Monday morning, the saws were all taken from my chest; there was a ripping saw, and a pannel saw, and two other saws; my chest was broke open.


                  JOSEPH
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I was at work at the Duke of Leeds. I left my saw hanging upon a nail, to thebest of my knowledge, Monday when I came, it was gone.


                  WILLIAM
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter, I worked at the Duke of Leeds. I left my tools on Saturday night hanging up against the wall, against the bench; Monday morning when I came to work, they were gone.
JOHN SAWYER GLANVILLE sworn.
I was at work at the Duke of Leeds. I left my tools in Mr. Stanforth's chest, they were gone on Monday morning.


                  GEORGE
                   WOOD
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, No. 21, Green-street, Leicester-fields; I took a saw into pawn, on the 22d of January, which I can swear to the person of whom I had it, 
               
                  Samuel
                   Young
               



             is the name on the duplicate, it was pawned for half a crown. (Deposed to by Mr. Gill.)


                  GEORGE
                   TURNER
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I live with my brother, Ponton-street, in the Hay-market; I have got one saw pawned, on the 23d of January, I lent eighteen pence on it, I think I received it of the prisoner, but I don't know. (Deposed to by Mr. Smith.)
- sworn.
I live at Mr. Freer's, little Poultney-street, Golden-square; I have got a saw pledged, on the 28th of January, and three saws pledged about a fortnight or so before; I cannot say exactly when they were pledged, in the first place; because the tickets were destroyed, and he came forward with another to sell them, and then we gave a fresh ticket; I took in one or two of them, I was present when he pledged them all; I am sure it was the prisoner who came with them; there was one pawned the 28th of January, and one before that time. (The four saws deposed to.)
- KENNEDY sworn.
I am a peace officer belonging to Marlborough-street; I took the prisoner into custody after half an hour's battle between the prisoner and me; I found a number of duplicates. (Produced and one deposed to by Turner.)


                  ELISHA
                   RAY
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to Mr. Mollet, he lives in Rose-street, Covent-garden. On the 23d of January, the prisoner brought in a long square; I have a plow likewise which 
               
                  Henry
                   Stanforth
               



             claims; I am sure it was the prisoner who pawned the square. (The plow and square deposed to.)
Prisoner. I work for Mr. Sylvester, at the top of the Hay-market; about five weeks ago I was discharged, on Saturday night; I went as far as the Blue Last, in Oxford Road, I went in and asked if the landlord was at home, and could give me a job, he said no; I told two men that I was going to the West Indies and I wanted a job for a fortnight, one of them said he was going down to a captain on board a man of war; they asked me what things I wanted? he said, I had better take some carpenters tools; for saws of five shillings and sixpence here would sell for fourteen shillings or fifteen shillings a piece there, I told them I had not above nine or ten shillings in my pocket; they had the tools and they asked me to go down along with them and have a pint of porter, and if I like to have the tools, I might go and pledge them at a pawnbroker's if I had not enough to purchase them, and buy the duplicate with what money I had in mypocket, and I got them in that way; the men are not here, the two men are strangers to me; I went and pledged them at different times, and fetched them out afterwards to shew them to my shipmates, I have not any witness because I have not expected my trial to come on till the afternoon.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
