






388. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TAYLOR
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CLARKE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Frankcom
                     




                  , about the hour of one in the night, on the 26th of June
, and burglariously stealing therein, one wooden till, value 1s. forty-eight halfpence, and forty-eight farthings, his property
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  JOHN
                   FRANKCOM
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 34, Little Queen-street, Holborn


.
Q. Are you the sole proprietor of the house? - Yes; I have got a lodger there, but I pay the rent myself.
Q. On the 26th of June, the night the house was broke open, who was the last person up? - I was, I went to bed about half past ten o'clock.
Q. How was your door secured? - Bolted with three bolts; that I did myself.
Q. The outer door? - Yes.
Q. What time of the morning was you called up? - About half past two o'clock. There were then two bolts quite broke off, and one bolt hung only by one nail; my till was taken out of the place where it was, it was not locked as some tills are; it contained silver, halfpence, and farthings, I suppose, to the amount of twenty shillings in all, but there was only about four shillings worth taken out of the till of copper, and put on the counter.
Q. Where was the till itself? - It was taken from under the counter, and put by the window.
Q. Are you certain the money was not on the counter when you went to bed? - I am certain of it.
Mr. Knapp. In the first place, I believe, you have a partner in your business? - No, I have not; I am a cheesemonger.
Q. How many does your family consist of? - I have two sisters and myself; they went to bed before me.
Q. The till you have been talking of was in the shop? - It was.
Q. The till, you say was not locked? - It was not.
Q. Whatever money was in the till was not removed out of the house at all; but there was four shillings on the counter? - Yes; and, I believe, there was a handful laid on the floor.
Q. Was there any gold in the till? - No, there was nothing but halfpence and farthings.
Q. Had you counted your money the over night? - I had not; we very seldom count farthings and halfpence.
Q. You had several examinations before the magistrate? - Yes.
Q. The magistrate at one time was going to discharge the prisoners, was not he? - I don't know that.


                  JAMES
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I live in Little Queen-street, nearly opposite Mr. Frankcom's; I am a lodger at Mr. Biddle's.
Q. That night that Mr. Frankcom's house was broke open, was you alarmed? - Yes, about a quarter after one o'clock, I got up, I did not observe any thing at that moment, but in about two minutesI went to the window and observed two men come to Mr. Frankcom's door.


                  Q. 
               


            Was there light enough to distinguish their persons at that time? - Not at that time.
Q. Could you perceive what they were doing? - I could perceive them nestling about the door, but no more at that time.
Q. What did you perceive afterwards? - I had another person with me; we stopped there for some time, and then went down to Mr. Biddle's first floor, there I could make a better observation of them; we then saw the same two men making an attempt to open the door.
Q. Could you perceive that? - Yes.
Q. How were they attempting to open the door? - By some kind of instrument, wrenching both the side and the top of the door; then after trying, about half past two o'clock they wrenched open the door.
Q. At that time was there so much day light that you could distinguish their faces? - We could distinguish their faces.
Q. Could you by the day light without the lamps? - Yes.
Q. Was there any moon light? - No.
Q. When they had wrenched open the door, what did they do then? - Immediately me and the man that was looking at them went down stairs in order to take them; after they had wrenched open the door we see them go in.
Q. Was your brother, William Wright, with you at this time, in the one pair of stairs? - Yes, and John Lawn, and 
               
                  Thomas
                   Banbury
               



            . Then we went down stairs and opened our door; I planted there these three at Mr. Biddle's outer door, and then I went up stairs at the one pair of stairs window, to see if the persons who entered the house were watching; after that I came down and told them that I believed all was safe. We immediately went out of Mr. Biddle's door, and me and my brother went and alarmed the watchman, and brought the watchman to Mr. Frankcom's door, and I beat with the stick against the window shutters, and I found the handle of the door turn in my had, and the person inside got the door open about two or three inches; I then thought it necessary that I should lay hold of it with both hands, I did so, and then I found that there was no more pulling for a long time, and I called to Mr. Frankcom, and he looked out of window, and then we went in after we thought the house was sufficiently alarmed; I did not go in, the watchman went in, and 
               
                  Thomas
                   Banbury
               



            ; I stood at the door left any more should come.
Q. Who did they bring out of the house? - Them are the two that they brought out. I am confident.
Mr. Knapp. You are sure that it was perfectly light so that you could distinguish them without any moon light? - I could, because the street is very narrow,


                  WILLIAM
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I am the brother of the last witness, I lodge at Mr. Biddle's; when Mr. Biddle's sister came and called us, it was about a quarter past one in the morning, we went to the window and discerned two persons breaking into Mr. Frankcom's house, and we discerned them till the time they got in, which was between two and half past two o'clock; they broke in by an iron crow, and they let something fall which appeared to be a wedge or something of that kind; we stopped till we see them break the door open and go in, and directly we came down stairs and securedMr. Frankcom's door, and they were inside at the same time.
Q.Did you go in with the watchman? - No, I stood outside of the door, I saw the two prisoners brought out, both of them.
Court. How light was it when they entered? - We could see their faces, but we could not perfectly discover their features.


                  Q. 
               


            Could you if you had been nearer? - Yes.
Q. Who went within side of the house? - Banbury.


                  THOMAS
                   BANBURY
               



             sworn.
I lodge in Mr. Biddle's house. I went into Mr. Frankcom's house with the watchman.
Q. When you went in whom did you find there? - The first I saw was Mr. Taylor, behind the door of the street, it opens into the shop.


                  Q. 
               


            Had he any thing with him? - I did not perceive any thing with him.
Q. How long had they entered the house when you entered? - About five minutes.


                  Q. 
               


            Where did you find the other person? - Further behind the door, closer up.
Q. Did you examine the shop? - There was the halfpence I saw laying about the floor, and some on the counter.
Q. Did you see the counter till? - No, I did not.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you find any thing else in the shop? - I did not, I went along with the watchman to the watch-house with them.
Q. Could you at all see what the door was broke open with? - I could perceive they got an instrument breaking it open with.
Q. Did you ever see the instrument after? - (A crow produced.) I should suppose that this is the instrument.
Q. How was the door? - Every one of the panes of glass were all bursted from the door.


                  WILLIAM
                   BURNET
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman. About half an hour after two on Friday the 27th of June, I was called to take two house breakers. I was the first man that went in and took Clarke by the collar behind the door; I saw some halfpence laying down on the counter, between three and four shillings-worth, I did not see them counted; the landlord of the house found the crow.
Frankcom. I found the crow laying on some bacon on one side of the door.
Q. How many halfpence were laying on the counter? - About four shillings-worth.
Mr. Knapp. In fact you lost nothing at all? - I did not miss any thing.
The prisoner Taylor called five witnesses, and the prisoner Clarke one, who gave them good characters.
Both 


               GUILTY
            .
Of the Larceny but not of the burglary.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before
Mr. Justice HEATH.
