






264. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     DYER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of February

, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John
                         Goodman
                     



                  , a man's cloth coat, value 15 s. a linen sheet, value 4 s. a linen handkerchief, value 2 s. and a cloth coat, value 10 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Goodman
                        





.
A second Count, for 


               feloniously and burglariously breaking out of the house, to get out of the same
            .


                  JOHN
                   GOODMAN
               



             sworn.
I live at the Brown Bear, East Smithfield



; the prisoner was a servant
 at the time I lost my things; I am a single man; she lived with me about five or six weeks; she was a poor girl, and out of place, and I took her in; I was without a servant, and she said she would stay till I got another servant; I paid her a shilling a week: I went to bed a little after ten on the 3d of February; I left my brother in the house with this girl; I got up the next morning at a quarter past three, and found the street-door open; I went up stairs to her room, to see if she was there, and she was gone; I came down stairs, and went about the house, and saw what was missing, as in the indictment: I went up stairs to my brother, and asked him what he had done with Suk? he said she was going to bed when he came up; I told him what things were missing; I came down again, and went to Mr. Dawson, and told him to go after Suk, for she was gone, and had robbed my house; and in about a week, he found her: I never found my things again.
Had you seen the door shut up? - No.


                  BENJAMIN
                   GOODMAN
               



             sworn.
I am the brother of the last witness; I was left in trust of the house that night; he went to bed about ten: between eleven and twelve I did the doors and windows up, and asked the girl to go to bed; I am sure every part of the house was safe; I went up to bed, and left her below; the next morning my brother came to me, and said, where did you leave the girl? I told him, below stairs.
When did you see these things before? - About five minutes before I went to bed, all of them.
Was it dark at the time you saw your brother in the morning? - There was no light at all.


                  ROBERT
                   DAWSON
               



             sworn.
I am an officer: Mr. Goodman called me up on the morning of the robbery; and I did not find her till this day fortnight: she told me whom she sold the things to, and I took him into custody, but he was discharged by the magistrate.


                  PETER
                   MAYNE
               



             sworn.
I am an officer; I know no more than what the last witness has said: she said she had sold the things to one Moses for seven shillings; she said there were two coats, a sheet, and a handkerchief.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Both Mr. Dawson and Mr. Mayne gave me a deal of liquor, and persuaded me to say what I did: as to the house, it is a very disorderly one, people going out all hours.
The prisoner called two witnesses who gave her a good character.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not of breaking the house
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


