





690. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     BARNES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               making an assault on the King's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Day
                        




                     
                   on the 18th of October
, putting him in fear and feloniously taking from his person and against his will a steel chain, value 1 d. a steel seal, value 1 d. the goods of the said 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Day
                     



.


                  THOMAS
                   DAY
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner last Friday evening the 19th of October, between five and six o'clock, rather before I met him just at St. Martin's-court


; I was alone, I was going from the City home to Vine-street, Piccadilly; I had not been in the court more than five yards before I saw that man coming, he came up to me and takes his hand and pulled me about, and he seized my watch, and he carried off part of the chain and seals, and away he ran, and I called out stop thief! and he was stopped in a very little time indeed, in St. Martin's-court; I saw the people about him, and I went up to him and said you are the villain that snatched my watch.
Q. Then it was not dark at that time? - No.
Q. Then I have only to ask you whether you are positive? - I am.
Prisoner. As I was going through St. Martin's-court, I heard this gentleman cry out stop thief! and with that he comes up to me and says, you have got my watch; I said I have not got the watch; I see a man run before me. He up with his hand and with his cane gave me a knock on the head; I said don't ill use me; and there was a parcel of people surrounding me, and I was taken to Bow-street; I have no witness to call. When they took me up to Bow-street, I says to the gentleman, I beg you will look to see if you have not got the watch, he said if I have got the watch, you must have played a slight of hand trick, accordingly he felt and he found he had got it in his pocket.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing but not of the Assault. (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
