





197. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  HARRISON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of February
, two pair of linen sheets, value 1l a linen pillow case, value 1s. a cloth riding habit, value 6s. a callico bed gown, value 18d:
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Bailey
                  




               
            .


                  MARY
                   BAILEY
               



             sworn.
I live in St. Martin's-lane


; the prisoner lived with me about six weeks; I missed them articles from my own lodings.
Q. How lately had you seen any of these things before you missed them? - I believe it was about a fortnight before I missed them; the habit was put into a deal box and unlocked, the sheets were in a large trunk, which I always keep looked, the bed gown was taken out of the closet, I cannot tell whether it was locked or no.
Q. When did you see any of your things again? - I see them in about a fortnight after I missed them, at the pawnbroker's, he is here in court. The prisoner was a servant
, I had discharged her about an hour before I found the things; they are not all found, only the riding habit, one sheet and bed gown.
Q. Did you find the trunk locked that you used to keep the sheet in? - Yes.


                  GEORGE
                   WOOD
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, No. 39, Green-street, Liecester-fields; I produce a sheet, a riding habit, and a bed gown.
Q. Where did you get these things? - Of the prisoner at the bar. On the 11th of February, she brought the riding habit for six shillings, to pawn; she said she pledged it for one Mrs. Byot, in St. Martin's-street.
Q. What name did she give herself? - Harrison. On the 19th of February, she brought a bed gown for eighteen-pence.
Q. Did you know her before this? - Not to my knowledge. She brought that for Mrs. Byot. On the 21st she brought a sheet for five shillings, for Mrs. Byot; that was the day she was taken up; I see her when she was in custody.
Prosecutrix. The riding habit I know to be mine, it is rather old fashioned; the sheet is marked, the bed gown is mine.
Prisoner. I don't know of any thing but that one sheet and the bed gown.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 36.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
