





696. 
               
                  
                     MARIA ANN 
                     COOKE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of July
 last, a linen night cap, value 12 d. a lawn apron, value 2 s. a linen cap, value 12 d. two muslin handkerchiefs, value 12 s. a linen shift, value 2 s. a cotton shawl, value 6 d. a pair of cotton stockings, value 18 d. a black queens stuff petticoat, value 3 s. a black silk cloak, value 10 s. a check linen apron, value 12 d. a silk handkerchief, value 3 s. a black silk bonnet, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Swinchurch
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  HANNAH
                   SWINCHURCH
               



             sworn.
I am a widow in St. Catherine's-lane


: I keep a small house there. On the 21st of July I lost the things in the indictment (repeating them) part of which were found on the prisoner; she came to my door lame, a stranger to me; she lived with me three weeks and three days; I took compassion on her because she had sprained her foot; I hired her at a shilling a week, and she robbed me the 21st of July; she was taken the 23d of July by the watchman.


                  JOSEPH
                   GOLDBURN
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman in the parish of St. Mary, Whitechapel. I took the prisoner between twelve and one, at No. 1, in Angel-alley; she was in bed: I went up with 
               
                  James
                   Dawson
               



            : she said to me, I know what you want: she was putting on the black stuff petticoat; I asked her, if that was not her mistress's property? (the prosecutrix)? she said, yes; there was the black bonnet, cap, stockings, and a shift on her back.
(The things produced and deposed to.)


                  JONATHAN
                   MURRAY
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came into our house the 25th of July, to dispose of her cloak; I know this to be the same cloak; it was put into a drawer by itself.


                  JAMES
                   DAWSON
               



             sworn.
I went with the watchman to take up the prisoner; she was in her shift; and she put on a pair of cotton stockings, a black stuff petticoat, and a cap; this is the petticoat; it has been in my possession ever since.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
She gave me a shilling a week, and if Idid not bring home a man with me every night, I might as well be buried alive: she keeps a bad house, and turned out three girls as naked as they were born: she gave me the things to pick up men in, and I thought I had a good right to them.
Court to prosecutrix. Did you at any time give her any of these things? - No; I did not: nobody lodges in my house, nor has done.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


