





287. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of March
, a metal watch, value 2l. a steel watch chain, value 1s. a metal seal, value 1d. a metal watch key, value 1d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Young
                        




                     
                  , privately from his person
            



                  JOHN
                   YOUNG
               



             sworn.
On Friday, the 28th of March, I was robbed, it was between one and two; it happened in a passage leading to the French Horn, in Holborn


, I left a friend's house about one o'clock; I was quite sober (I am a printer
) going up Holborn I met with the prisoner at the bar, and stopped with her some time in this passage or court, and parted with her there, when I returned home I found I had lost my watch; I live in Plumb Tree-court, by Holborn bridge, about a quarter of a mile from the French Horn inn.
Q. Had your watch any seals to it? - Yes, a metal seal, metal cases, a plush steel chain, the seal was red, with hope engraved on it.
Q. When had you last seen this watch? - When I came out of my friend's house I looked to see what it was o'clock, and I put it in my left handwaistcoat pocket. I discovered it again, so far again as to know where it was pawned, by distributing hand-bills in the morning.
Q. Had you ever seen that woman before? - Not before that night.
Q. How long might you be in her company? - I suppose about ten minutes, or a quarter of an hour.
Q. Where there any lamps thereabouts? - We were between two lamps talking in Holborn.
Q. Are you sure that that is the woman? - I am very certain of it.
Q. How soon did you see her again after that night? - It was about twelve o'clock, after I had been to Mr. Edwards's, the pawnbroker, I saw her coming from a passage by the door of Mr. Edwards.
Q. Was it the passage where you had been with her? - No, it was in Portpool-lane, they call it Tash-court.
Q. What happened? - I told her she had stole my watch; she denied it, she said she had never seen me before in her life.

Q. Did you take her into custody at that time? - Yes, and she was taken to the police office in Hatton-garden, and committed.


                  JANE
                   WATSON
               



             sworn.
I go out to Needle work, the prisoner lodges in the same house as I do, in Portpool-lane, she called me up about eight o'clock on Saturday morning, and desired me to take this watch to Mr. Edwards's to pawn, she said that a gentleman had brought it to her and he had got no money. This is the watch, I pawned it for eighteen shillings, I asked her the gentleman's name? she said his name was 
               
                  John
                   Scott
               



            .


                  JOHN
                   EDWARDS
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, I received this watch of 
               
                  Jane
                   Watson
               



            , the last witness, on the 29th of March, I think it was on a Saturday between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, I have kept it ever since. About an hour after I had taken the watch, I received an hand bill. I interrogated the party whose watch it was, she told me it belonged to a person of the name of 
               
                  John
                   Scott
               



            . I knew the woman that pledged it, she lives just opposite.
Court to Prosecutor. Where did you keep this watch? - In my waistcoat pocket.
Q. Do you always keep it in your waistcoat pocket? - No, not always.
Q. Are you sure it was in your waistcoat that very night? - I am very certain that after I had looked at it about one o'clock, I put it in my waistcoat pocket.
Q. Then you did not put it in your waistcoat pocket in the house, but after you left the house? - It was after I left the house.
Q. Before you saw the woman? - It was before I saw the woman, I mean to swear that.
Q. Then how came you to swear before that when you saw your watch the last time, it was in the house where you left your friends? - It might be in the door; It was about the time I was leaving the house.
Q. Then before that it was in your fob? - It was.
Q. How came you to put it into your waistcoat pocket? - I used to do it at night because I thought it was much faster of a night, because I buttoned my coat over it.
Q. You did not perceive it go from you at any time? - No.
Q. You have not the least idea of its going? - I have not.
Q. Are you perfectly sure that this account is the true account of it? - It is as exactly as I can remember.
Q. Do you think it ever dropped out of your breeches pocket? - I am very certain that when I went into her company I had the watch.
Q. Will you swear that it could not drop out of your breeches pocket? - I cannot take on myself to swear it could not drop out of my breeches pocket, it could not drop out of my waistcoat pocket unless it had been taken.
Prisoner. I know nothing of the man, never see the man in my life, I brought a gentleman home with me very drunk, and he staid with me all night, and he asked me to pawn the watch in the morning, and I called up that woman and desired her to go over to Mr. Edwards's and pawn that watch, he desired me to ask twenty-five shillings for it, the woman came back and asked what name? I asked him his name? he said 
               
                  John
                   Scott
               



            , and she went and brought eighteen shillings, and after I had been out to market to buy a bit of dinner, I was coming home again and Mr. Edwards and that man was looking up the court; and Mr. Edwards said, that is the woman,and when I came to him he said Ma'am, how do you do? I said pretty well, but you have the advantaige of me; he says, where is my watch? I said, I have not seen you nor your watch; I had a watch this morning but it was from a very different person than you, it was from a very lusty man; he said I had stole it from him; I said I was very willing to go any where with him, and I went with him without an assistance; I have sent to no friends because I never was suspected of any thing in my life. It is the more my misfortune, I am in an unfortunate line of life, and I have a child to maintain.
Prosecutor. This is my watch.
Prisoner. I never saw this woman nor any body else since I have been in confinement, but on Saturday last there was a young woman came to me and told me that that woman, 
               
                  Jane
                   Watson
               



            , had been promised her expences, and that the prosecutor said, that he would not have prosecuted me, but he expected to be paid.
Watson. I told the prosecutor I could not afford to lose my time, he said I should get paid, and he should get paid too.
GUILTY.




               Of stealing but not privately
            .(Aged 33.)




               Transported for Seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
