





564. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     RICKETTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of September
, two linen sheets, value 1s. two woollen blankets, value 1s. a flat iron, value 6d. and an iron key, value 1d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Margaret 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , widow
, in a lodging room, in her dwelling-house, let by contract by her, to John, the husband of the prisoner, and to be used by both of them, in the lodging aforesaid
            .


                  MARGARET
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I live in King's head-court, Beech-street


.
Q. Are you a married woman? - A. Yes; I was a widow when this happened; I let a lodging to the prisoner.
Q. Has she a husband? - A. I don't know; she told me they had not lived together for some months; she said, she was keeping a house for some gentleman that was in the country. Peckham-fair was on Monday, and she left her lodgings on the Wednesday; I let the lodgings furnished; she was to give me three shillings a week; she went away on the Wednesday, and took the sheets, blankets, a flat iron, and the key of the street-door.
Q. What is your name now? - A. Edwards; she owes me one week's rent; a lad and I took her in Fetter-lane.


                  RICHARD
                   ELDIN
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I took the prisoner in custody; I went with the duplicates I received from the prosecutrix, to the pawnbrokers; the prisoner told me she had delivered them to her; I went first to Mrs. Moore, and the delivered me a sheet without any trouble; and Mr. Johnson delivered me a sheet without any trouble; I went to another place and found a blanket, and he was frightened, and gave me; and then I went to Mr. Berry, and he delivered up this iron.
Prosecutrix. I had the duplicates from the prisoner; she sold one of the blankets, and would not tell where she sold it; this is one of them, and these are my sheets, and this is my iron.


                  WILLIAM
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am fourteen years old; I was seeking the prisoner along while, I found her in Fetter-lane; I took her, and brought her into the city, and delivered her to Mr. Elden, the officer; she had the duplicates in her pocket, and she pulted them out, and asked me to read them; one was a sheet, and another a sheet, and the other a flat iron; she had sold one blanket, and pawned the other, and had no duplicate with it.
Prisoner's defence. I only left her lodgings one night, because it was a rainy night; I went to work one day in Fetter-lane, she came and dragged me away from there, and used me very ill; I did not mean to run away from her lodgings.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.) 


               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
