





368. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GALLAWAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of May
, two pounds of brass tubes, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Fairbone
                  




               
            .


                  NATHANIEL
                   STEINE
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Charles
                   Fairbone
               



            , No. 20, Great New-street, Fetter-lane


; the prisoner was also a servant
 to Mr. Fairbone, but he did not work in the house: On Tuesday the 8th of May, having a strong suspicion that the prisoner was robbing my master, I watched him very narrowly for the course of an hour and a half, during which time, I saw him take several pieces of brass and put into his pocket; I saw him take three pieces of tube off a board, put it on the floor, put his foot on it, and stamped on it to flatten it; he stooped, picked it up, and put it into his pocket; about a quarter of an hour after, I saw him pinch several pieces of brass in a vice, and put them into his pocket; determining to detect him in his villainy, I went down stairs, at half past seven o'clock, I stood on one side of my master's door till a quarter before eight, till such time as the men had left off work; he was the first or second man that came down; I let him go twenty yards off my master's premises, as nigh as I can tell the distance; I went to him and said, Gallaway, my master wants you; he came back, and in the passage he made a bit of a turn; I put my hand upon his shoulder, and said, go along, you must go; he went into the yard; Mr. Middleton, the constable, was sent for, he came and searched him, and found the property upon him; he took it out of his pocket before my eyes, my master, and most of the men.


                  ROBERT
                   WITHERSPOON
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Fairbone; I suspected the prisoner at times leaving bits of brass and missing them: On Tuesday the 8th of May, about two o'clock, I observed him very busy at his lathe with brass, cutting it up in bits; I told my master's son, and he told me to look after him; I did, and observed him frequently putting bits down upon the ground, and stamping upon them, and putting them into his pocket, he was doing that till near about a quarter before five o'clock; there is one bit that I can swear to.


                  RICHARD
                   MIDDLETON
               



             sworn. - I am a constable. (Produces the property found upon the prisoner)
Q. (To Mr. Fairbone.) How long as the prisoner lived with you? - A. Twenty-six years, but he has been robbing me many years; he has been forgiven several times by my son, without my consent; I can swear to several articles, because I am almost the only person that has tools for making some of them.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 46.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
