





195. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  TURNER
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 16th of January
, two cotton gowns, value 10s. two linen shifts, value 2s. a flannel petticoat, value 6d. and two cotton neck handkerchiefs, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Curtis
                  




               
            .


                  MARY
                   CURTIS
               



             sworn. - I live with my master, his name is Peele, he is a postman, No. 24, Holywell-yard


: I was robbed on Tuesday the 16th of January, the prisoner was a stranger; the property was taken from the kitchen, it was in a box, it was not locked, I did not see the prisoner in the house; I missed my things between five and six o'clock in the evening, I have seen them since at a pawnbroker's in Oxford street, it was on the same day I lost them; between seven and eight the same evening, I brought them from the pawnbroker's.


                  CHARLES
                   PEELE
               



             sworn. - I am a postman, I was the master of the girl at that time: On the 16th of January, when I came from work, the girl said, there had been a thief in the kitchen; I searched the box, and found those things gone; I went to the pawnbroker's, his name is Makeweight, the bottom of Oxford-street; I saw the prisoner in the pawnbroker's shop, with the gown in the her hand, it was a cotton gown; we then went to her lodgings, and found the other gown, the petticoat, and two pair of stockings, under her bed, and the tail of a cotton gown, and two neck-handkerchiefs; one shift we never found at all; the constable then took her into custody.


                  WILLIAM
                   BROWN
               



             sworn. - I am a constable belonging to Mary-le-bonne; I was at the pawnbroker's, I brought the shift and gown from the pawnbroker's, I went to the prisoner's lodgings, I found a cotton gown, a tail of gown, a stannel petticoat, and two handkerchiefs, I marked them all, and the girl has had them ever since.
Prosecutor. I can swear those articles are my property, the two neck handkerchiefs I made, and have worn them two years, the gowns are of two figures, they are both mine, the petticoat I made.
Prisoner's defence. I have nothing at all to say, I am only sorry I did not do it effectually.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 25).




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
