





63. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MORGAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of February
, a pair of leather half boots, value 5s. a pair of slippers, value 6d. a pair of leather breeches, value 10s. two coloured dimity waistcoats, value 10s. a pair of leather shoes, value 5s. a linen night-gown, value 10s. ten cotton handkerchiefs, value 11s. a pair of silk stockings, value 5s. five pair of cotton stockings, value 10s. two pair of yarn stockings, value 2s. two cloth coats, value 4l. a linen nightcap, value 1s. eleven muslin neckcloths, value 11s. and a leather trunk, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Moore
                  




               
            .


                  PETER
                   MOORE
               



             sworn.
I am a person who has a little property of my own, which I manage as well as I can; I live in Great George-street, Westminster: about the middle of February last, I had to send some necessaries to my son, at Trinity College, Cambridge; I sent it to the Golden Cross, Charing Cross; but instead of its finding its way to Cambridge, I had intelligence about ten days after of its being lodged in Bow-street; I went to Bow-street, before Mr. Justice Addington, I believe, and stated the situation in which the trunk was; the prisoner had then made his escape; it was at length resolved, that the trunk should be released; the trunk was opened, and an inventory taken of the things; they were all restored to me, except two handkerchiefs; I was then bound over to prosecute, very much against my inclination; for I do not wish to prosecute any man; the cloaths were all mine.


                  WILLIAM
                   BLACK
               



             sworn.
I am a patrole belonging to Bow-street office: On Wednesday evening, the 18th of February, about seven o'clock, I was coming up a court that leads into the back way to the Golden Cross-yard; when I got to the upper end of it, my partner being rather before me, saw a man with a trunk in his left-hand; he asked him, what he had got there; he said, what was that to him; he told him, he was the patrole, and he immediately looked round, and dropped the trunk, and ran down the Strand; I cried out, stop thief, and near the corner of Northumberland-street a soldier met him in his arms, and I directly caught him.
Q. Had you lost sight of him? - A. Never.
Q. You are sure that is the man that had the trunk? - A. Yes; my partner took up the trunk, and we brought him to Bow-street; we were detained there a considerable time, before we got a hearing; after which, he was committed to Tothill fields-bridewell; as we were going round Covent-garden-market, the coach was cut down, and he got out at the near side of the coach, and I got out with him; immediately as I got out with him, I had hold of him; I was struck three blows almost immediately at once; I was beat after that on my left side; the whole of my left side, and my head, were beat to a mummy, as it were; and he made his escape; it was then between nine and ten o'clock.
Q. (To Moore.) What day was it you sent this trunk? - A. I am not accurate as to the day, but the book-keeper can tell.
Prisoner. I was not near the place that he says I was; he met me in the Strand, and said, I have lost the man, if I can have nobody else I will have you; I have known you a good many years.


                  JOHN
                   GILBERT
               



             sworn.
I am book-keeper at the Golden Cross, Charing-cross.
Look at that portmanteau. - A. I cannot say whether this is it or not; it is very much like it.
Look at the entry in your book. - A. (Reads.) Cambridge, No. 5, Mr. Moore, A portmanteau, 18th February, 1795.
Q. How is the direction upon that trunk? - A. There is none.
Black. In the scuffle, my Lord, the direction was torn off.
Q. (To Moore.) Is that your property? - A. This trunk has not been in my possession since I saw it, at Bow-street, six or seven months ago.
Q. Was the trunk you saw in Bow-street the trunk you sent to the Golden Cross, to go to your son at Cambridge? - A. It was the same trunk; here are two handkerchiefs which have remained with the trunk, to be identified. (Black produces two handkerchiefs). I received these from Mr. Moore, at the time the trunk was delivered to Mr. Moore; these two handkerchiefs were kept, with his mark upon them.
Moore. These are my property; the handkerchiefs are so much alike, and the mark so easy, made; the marks are R. M. 16, and R. M. 12.
Q. And they were in your trunk? - A. Yes; the rest of them have been delivered to me by Mr. Justice Addington.
Prisoner's defence. I have no witnesses; I have not been in London more than a fortnight, and I am taken at a nonplus; when he took me this last time, he said he should get a guinea or two by me.



                  JOHN
                   MAY
               



             sworn.
I am a patrole: On the 18th of February, my conductor and I met with the prisoner in the Golden Cross-yard, with a trunk; I touched him, and asked him what he had got there; he asked, who I was, and I said a patrole; he dropped it immediately; I staid with the trunk, and Black came into the yard with him in about five minutes after.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 35.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT,




[Transportation. See summary.]


