





343. 
               
                  LAZARUS 
                  ISAACS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of February
, a pair of cotton stockings, value 4 s. a pair of worsted stockings, value 2 s. and two worsted stockings, value 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Albert 
                     Creaton
                  



               
            .
Indicted in a SECOND COUNT laying it to be the property of 
               
                  Elizabeth, the wife

 of the said 
                     
                        Albert 
                        Creaton
                     







            .


                  ELEANOR
                   ALBON
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Creaton; he is a haberdasher
 and hosier
. On the 22d of February, Friday, between seven and eight o'clock, a boy came in for a halfpennyworth of thread, and 
               
                  Isaac
                   Lazarus
               



            , the prisoner at the bar, followed him, and came and took some stockings from the counter, and I ran after him, and called out stop thief, and he was taken; I lost sight of him, but he was taken a very few doors off; I am sure that is the man.


                  PETER
                   KERLE
               



             sworn.
I am a lighterman by trade. On Friday evening, about seven or eight o'clock, I was coming up Tower street


, I heard the cry of stop thief, the prisoner came running down the street, and I stopped him, and just before I stopped him, I saw him drop something from under his pocket; I saw a gentleman, Mr. Earle, picking part of them up, and a young boy picking the remainder up.
Q. Are you sure that what Earle picked up was what dropped from the prisoner? - I am, he attempted to get away from me, he dragged me seven or eight yards, but I held him pretty fast.


                  EDWARD
                   EARLE
               



             sworn.
I am a wire-worker, in Tower-street; I was standing opposite my own door, on Friday the 22d of February, within two doors of Mr. Creaton's; between the hours of seven and eight Mr. Creaton's maid came out and said, this man had robbed the shop of some stockings; one turned up the lane, and the other ran down Tower-street; I saw him run, and he turned just by the church wall, and when I came down, he was stopped by Kerle, and returning back, I picked up one pair of stockings, and two odd ones; I don't think there was any person passing in the street but him, they must fall from him; I saw 
               
                  Peter
                   Devalle
               



             pick up a pair of stockings almost close to him.


                  CHARLES
                   CHORLEY
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I produce the property; I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner at Mr. Creaton's house; I received the stockings at Mr. Creaton's house; 
               
                  Peter
                   Kerle
               



             gave me the stockings.
Kerle. They were the stockings I picked up. (Deposed to.)
Prisoner. I was walking along Tower-street, and they hallooed out stop thief, and I ran to see, and they catched hold of me; I did not touch the stockings indeed.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
