





21. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     PARR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of November
, a gold watch, value 27s. a silver watch, value 10s. and a telescope, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Eliz. 
                     Macleish
                  




               
            .
The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.


                  ELIZABETH
                   MACLEISH
               



             sworn. - Q. The prisoner at the bar, I understand, is your brother? - A. He is: I live at No. 2, Bow-street, Covent-garden


; he had been with me about five weeks: On the afternoon of the 7th of November, I and my sister went out about four o'clock; I left a gold watch at the head of the bed, and a silver watch on the mantle-piece in the bed-room; the prisoner shut the door after us; we left a maid-servant in the house, and my foreman; we returned about half past five in the afternoon; we went up stairs to take off our clothes, and missed the gold watch from the head of the bed; and we then missed the silver one; when we came down stairs again, he was gone; I did not see him again till Monday evening, I saw him again at my father's; I asked him how he came to be so wicked as to take the watches out of our room; he made no answer; I then applied for a constable, and detained him; I saw the watches before Justice Floud, at Bow-street.


                  HENRY
                   COLLIER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a wharfinger: The prisoner came to my house in Compton-street, Islington, on the Sunday in the evening; he said, Sir, I wish to speak to you privately; he went into the back-parlour, and cried violently, that he must have lost his senses, that he had robbed his sister of two watches, which he had pawned, and produced to me the duplicates for a silver watch and a gold watch; he said he was extremely sorry for what he had done, and wished me to intercede for him.
Court. Q. How long have you known this young man? - A. About two years.
Q. What is his father? - A. A gentleman who keeps the Equitable Assurance-office for Servants.
Q. What is his sister? - A. A printer.


                  JOHN
                   ACKLEM
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a pawnbroker in the Strand, the corner of Bedford-street: To the best of my belief, the prisoner is the person that I took in a gold watch and a telescope of, on the 7th of November.
Prosecutrix. I know this to be my watch, it has been twelve years in the family.


                  JAMES
                   MORRITT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a pawnbroker in Fleet-street: I do not know the prisoner at the bar; (produces a silver watch;) I received it from a young man; it was pledged on the 7th of November, in the name of Jones.
Q.(To Acklem.) In what name was the gold watch pledged? - A. The same.


                  EDWARD
                   DRUID
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I apprehended the prisoner; that is all I know of it.

Prisoner's defence. I am very sorry for it, but I am sure I could not be sensible at the time I did it.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before, Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
