





69. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of December
, a cotton gown, value 10s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Salkeld
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys).
JOHN BOYD sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Salkeld, in Fleet-street


, a pawnbroker and silversmith
: On Saturday night, the 23d of December, about twelve o'clock, I was at the other end of the shop from the prisoner at the bar; I came down and heard a dispute between one of the witnesses, 
               
                  Robert
                   Peart
               



            , and the prisoner at the bar, respecting the duplicate, which he said he had not given him, of a coat that he had pledged; I pressed the prisoner very much, as it is very frequently the case, when we give a person a duplicate, that it falls over on their side;I pressed him to look if it was there; he refused to look; I desired him to stand on one side and let me look; he refused; upon which I pushed him back, and saw the gown sticking between his legs; the push that I gave him pushed him back, and made him drop it from him; I immediately jumped over the counter, and seized him by the collar; says I, you rascal, you might well not move, when you had got this gown; says I, you are a thief, I shall give charge of you; I immediately sent for the watchman, Robert Hall.
Q. Did you at all perceive him take this gown? - A. I had not the smallest idea of it, I had had it in my hands not two minutes before; I had laid it upon a place that we have under the counter to be sent up stairs, and after we have done business the lad carries up the goods again; it was fetched down for a customer, it was the wrong one, and had not been carried up again.
Court. Then there is an end of the capital part; it is not a shop, it is a pledge, not an article for sale, and cannot come within the statute.
Mr. Knowlys. I thought so myself, my Lord.
Q. Was it within his reach? - A. Yes, just over the counter; I was going to the watch-house, I left him in custody of the watchman to go back for the gown; when I returned, I did not see either watchman or man, but was pursuing my way to the watch-house; just at the end of Chancery-lane I secured him, after a great deal of resistance.
Q. You were very much wounded with that resistance? - A. Yes, very much; my hand is not well now, it was sewed up in four places; and he cut me very much over the eyes.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence. GUILTY(Aged 20.)
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
