





465. 
               
                  
                     MARTHA 
                     HALL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of October
, twenty linen sheets, value 5 l. a damask table-cloth, value 5 s. and divers other things, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henrietta Maria 
                           Hungerford
                        




                     
                  , in her dwelling-house
            .


                  HENRIETTA
                   MARIA HUNGERFORD
               



             sworn.
I live in Cavendish Square


; it is two years since I went into the country; I returned in October last; I found my house in great confusion; all the articles mentioned in the indictment, and many more were missing to a very great amount: I applied to the Police office; I had a very good opinion of the prisoner.


                  SAMUEL
                   HAMILTON
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner, and found eighty-three duplicates on her: I went to the pawnbroker's and found that the things were chiefly the lady's.
- THACKERAY sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I received this table cloth from 
               
                  Martha
                   Hall
               



            ; and a napkin, the 24th of October.
- MULCASTER sworn.
I produce a sheet and petticoat; I took in the sheet on the 25th of May of the prisoner.


                  SEPTIMIUS
                   SADLER
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker: I produce five sheets and two bolster cases: I received on the 12th of November, 1791, a sheet; on the 12th of September a pair of sheets; they are worth about fifteen shillings; I had them of the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker: I produce a sheet and a table-cloth.
Prisoner. My husband was long upon me; I have had a lying-in, and I have lost the use of my hand, and I did this because I was urged by the greatest distress: I have lived with Mrs Hungerford four years and an half, and there is a great difference between us now.




               GUILTY, 39 s.
            

Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Lord KENYON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


