





443. 
               
                  MARY CATHERINE 
                  BUCKLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of June
, a pair of sheets, value 6s. and a linen counterpane, value 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Full
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging let by contract to her
            , and another person unknown by the said 
               
                  John
                   Full
               



            .


                  SARAH
                   FULL
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  John
                   Full
               



            ; I live at No. 3, Terrace, Tottenham-court-road


; I let a lodging to the prisoner, and another woman whom I do not know, about eight weeks before the transaction, which was on the 10th of June; the day before that, an officer, Mr. Batho, came and asked for her, he said they had got some things at the office, that she said she had pledged for me, and I must go and own them; they were pledged with Mr. Morris, in Crown-street; he went up stairs to her, and the went away with the officer.
JONAS BATHO sworn. - On the 10th of June, I searched the prisoner, and found this duplicate upon her; I took her to Bow-street, and she was committed for re-examination; I shewed the property to Mrs. Full, and she went with me to Mr. Morris's, the pawn-broker's; it is now lying in a bundle, which I am waiting to go before the Grand Jury about, for another offence; I thought I had got it in my pocket, but I have not.
-MORRIS sworn. (Produces a pair of sheets); I received them from the prisoner, on the 16th of May.
Mrs. Full. These are my sheets; I had the counterpane from another pawnbroker, he is not here.
Prisoner's defence. What I did I am very sorry for, I did not do it with intent to defraud; I sent the money and the interest to the pawnbroker, and he would not accept it, and I am ready to pay it now.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 40.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice BULLER.
