





91. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CAMPBELL, alias 
JOHN CAMPBELL, otherwise 
JAMES PITT, alias 
JOHN DOUGLAS





               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of May, 1789
, a Bank-note of the value of 25 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charlotte Margaretta 
                           Adams
                        




                     
                  , in her dwelling-house
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Garrow.)


                  CHARLOTTE
                   MARGARETTA ADAMS
               



             sworn.
I live in Buckingham-street, York-buildings


; I receive lodgers into my house; in the month of May, 1789, I had an account that a gentleman took my first floor, and the back parlour to sleep in, by the name of Major or Colonel Campbell; I received solicitations the next day to see him; I went down to him; he said he knew my family very well, he knew my brother at Gibraltar, and he should be very glad if there was room for a son of Lord Hopetoun's: the next day some men called for taxes; I sent word I had no money, except they could change a 25 l. Bank-note; they could not: the next day after that I received a letter; in consequence I gave the 25 l. Bank-note to Mrs. Morgan; and in about an hour after, the lodger was gone; I gave information at Bow-street, and did not hear any thing till the beginning of this month, when I received a message from Sir 
               
                  Sampson
                   Wright
               



            ; I went, and there I saw the prisoner, whom I am positive is the man who lodged with me, and to whom I sent the 25 l. Banknote.


                  ANN
                   MORGAN
               



             sworn.
I was servant to Mrs. Adams at the time this lodger came, and I received a letter (shewn her); it is what I received; here is my own hand-writing upon it; in consequence I took the note to the prisoner, in the parlour, and he took his purse out, and took out some gold; then he put it up again in the purse, and said he had not enough, he must go to his banker's; he went out, and I never saw him afterwards till I saw him at Sir Sampson Wright's; I am certain the prisoner at the bar is the man.
Prisoner. How long was it the person you delivered the note to lived at Mrs. Adams's? - A few months.
(The prisoner made a long defence, and used many arguments to prove Mrs. Adams was mistaken in the identity of the person, but she still continued positive he was the man.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            . (Aged 49.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before the Lord CHIEF BARON.
