






2. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GANER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     GANER
                  




               
             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of July

, two silver table spoons, value 20s. and four tea-spoons, value 8s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elisha 
                     Pearce
                  



               
            , and the other for 


               receiving the same knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  ELISHA
                   PEARCE
               



             sworn. - The, prisoner, Thomas, came to live with me as coal-porter
, at nine shillings and sixpence per week, on the 15th of July; I live in Litchfield-street, Soho



; at the back of my dwelling-house I have a shop, in which I retail coals, he had no business in the dwelling-house, but found an opportunity of getting in down the back area; on the Monday, a table-spoon was missed, and on the Wednesday following another table-spoon and four tea-spoons; on the Thursday morning he came to his work as usual; I went into the back-shop to secure him, and saw a table-spoon drop from him; I took no notice of it; I told him, I wanted him to carry a note for me; he picked up the spoon and went to a stable that I have, and and about half an hour after the spoon was found by the constable among the dung; I accused him of stealing the spoon that I saw him drop, he denied it at first, but at last confessed it was under the manger; then he confessed he had left another spoon at a pawnbroker's; two of the teaspoons he said were at another pawnbroker's, the third was at his mother's, and the other, he said, he had got drunk, and got among some girls, and lost it.


                  JOHN
                   HAWTHORN
               



             sworn. - I am a constable of St. Ann's: on the 18th of July, I was sent for by the prosecutor to take his servant into custody; I took him to the watch-house, and he directed me where the property was; he said there was a tablespoon under the manger, another at a pawnbroker's, a tea-spoon in his breeches under the bed, where he and his mother had slept, and two other tea spoons at a pawnbroker's; I went there but could not find it; I searched the mother, and found this tea-spoon under her left arm-pit; I found the table-spoon in the manger. (Produces them).
Prosecutor. There are no marks upon them. but I have had them fifteen years, and am confident they are mine.


                  JOHN
                   MORRIS
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, No. 10, Rose-street, Soho; the boy at the bar came to me with a table-spoon, on Wednesday the 17th of July, he asked me four shillings upon it,(produces it); I asked him whose it was, and he said it was his mother's; I asked him where his mother lived, he said, at a baker's, No. 30, Crown-street; I knew there was no baker's there; I told him I would go with him, but before I could get round he was run away; in the afternoon the mother and the boy came; I asked her what she wanted, and she said that spoon which her son had brought was her's; she said she lived in Charlotte-street, Rathbone-place; she said, afterwards, it was her mistres's; I asked her then, if her mistress had given her leave to pledge it; and she said, yes; I said I should have no objection to take it, provided she would send her mistress; then they went away, and the next morning the prosecutor and constable came to our house, and I shewed him the spoon.

This is the fellow spoon to the other, confident it is mine.
Thomas Ganen's defence. I found them in the stable.
Catherine Ganen's defence. I have nothing to say, he told me he had found them, and I thought they were his.


                  Thomas
                   Ganen
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 15.)





               Confined two years in the House of Correction
            , and 



               fined 1s.
            



                  Catherine
                   Ganen
               



            , GUILTY. (Aged 60.)




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
