






489. 
               
                  MARY, wife
 of 
                     
                        MATTHEW 
                        COX
                     








            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of May
, one child's cotton frock, value 2 s. and one skirt, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Robinson
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   ROBINSON
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  John
                   Robinson
               



            : I live at No. 43, Saffron-hill. On the 19th of May, my child was taken from the door, about eight in the evening; I left the child at play, and went up stairs to put my other children to bed; I looked out of the window, and called for my child; it is not six years old; I called it to go to bed; and it did not answer; and I came down stairs, and went to my neighbours to look for her; and I could not find her; about nine she came back by herself, stripped of her frock, skirt, and the clasps out of her shoes; I asked her where she had been? and she said a woman took her to Fleet-market


, and stripped her: I went to the pawnbroker's; and the next day, I found the things, in the afternoon, at Mr. Cottrell's the pawnbroker's.


                  RICHARD
                   DUCK
               



             sworn.
I am a gentleman's servant. A young man came to my house to enquire after the child; and I sent a person to find the prisoner; she refused to come: I sent for Cottrell's man; and he said she was the woman.
- FORBOTHAM sworn.
I live with Mr. Cottrell. I took these things of the prisoner; a frock and skirt; I took them in between eight and nine, on the 19th of May; I had never seen her before; I am sure she is the person; I saw her the next night.
(Produces the things, which were deposed to by Mrs. Robinson.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am innocent: I never saw the things till I saw them at Guild-hall.



               GUILTY
             (aged 44.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
