





126. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PEARSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of November
, sixteen guineas, and four half guineas
            ; the monies of 
               
                  John 
                  Bourne
               




            .


                  JOSEPH
                   BOURNE
               



             sworn.
I am the captain of a merchant's ship
 in the coal trade. As I was going along the Strand, on the 27th of November last, on a Thursday, about five o'clock in the afternoon -
Q. What part of the Strand was it? - Near Exeter Change, The prisoner at the bar came up to me and asked me if I was a north countryman? I told him I was; we walked on about ten minutes, and he took something off the flags, on which he asked me to go into a house and see what it was; we went into a public house in the Strand, near Exeter Change, and he opened it out, and it was a red pocket book, he opened the brown paper, what he took up off the flags; within that pocket book there was this cross, in a box, and a piece of paper, saying it was value two hundred and fifty pounds.
Q. You read the paper? - No, I did not; he read the paper to me. There was a stout man sitting in the room, and he said I had a right to fifty pounds, if it was of that value, as I had seen him take it off the flags; on which the prisoner said he had a friend that lived close by, and he would go and get the money; the other stout man and I walked out into the street, near Exeter Change, while he went to his friend.
Q. Did you go into any house? - No, we walked about there about ten minutes.
Q. Who went out of the public house first, you or the prisoner? - We all went out together.
Q. Did you all three walk together for that ten minutes? - Yes.
Q. Then what happened after that? - He came back and said his friend was not at home.
Q. Then the prisoner left you? - Yes, he left us for about ten minutes.
Q. What happened after he came back? - He returned, and said, his friend was not at home, but said, if I would leave what security I had, if I had any money, he would leave this property with me till to-morrow morning ten o'clock,when he would call on me again, and give me the money, and the fifty pounds, which he said I should have, and he never came back the next morning.
Q. Did you give him any thing? - I gave him eighteen guineas in all; sixteen guineas and four half guineas.
Q. What did he give you? - He gave me this poppet as I call it.
Q. Was any thing in it? - There was a gold diamond cross.
Q. Do you know the value of these things at all - No.
Q. Is it gold, do you know? are you a complete judge of it? - No, I am no judge at all.
Q. How did you get at the prisoner afterwards? - Peter Mayne took him, he is a runner.
Q. What day did he take him up? - I don't know the day he took him up; the ship went away; it may be five weeks or a month afterwards, I cannot say.
Q. At whose desire did he take him up? - At my desire. I thought it was a fraud; I think it is not the value; I was told so by one Mr. Fox.


                  JAMES
                   VINCENT
               



             sworn.
I have been in the jewellery line and silver smith for these twenty years, in North-street, Red Lion-square. (The cross shewn him) It is gold, but very bag gold indeed; the jewels are what they call pasts, with a mixture of glass.
Q. What may be the value of the whole? - Less than half a guinea.
Prisoner to Prosecutor. How long is it since you applied to the magistrate for a warrant to apprehend me? was it before you failed you last voyage, or since your return? - Since I came up.
Court. Then you made a voyage before you applied to have him taken up? - Yes.
Q. Where did you go to? - To Newcastle.


                  Q. 
               


            Why did not you apply to have him taken up before? - The ship was in a tide fail.
Prisoner. Did not you first see me in the lock-up-room, and asked me if I knew you, what was my answer? - I don't know indeed.
Q. I told you no, I believe? - Very likely you might.
Q. Did not you shew me a cross, and asked me if I knew that? - I did.
Q. Is that the same cross? - It is.
Q. What was the reason you told the magistrate that you could not shew it him, it being on board a ship, at Blackwall, when you had shewn it to me the same morning in the lock-up-room? - When I was before the justice, I had it not about me; it was Mr. Fox shewed it to the prisoner that morning, and Mr. Fox had it about him.
Q. Was that the reason you did not produce it before the magistrate? - Yes.
Court. Can you say that is the same cross you had of him? - I made a mark on the back of the cross when I gave it to Mr. Fox.
Prisoner. You recollect Mr. Lucas and you, and Mr. Fox going out in order to have me committed for a further examination. What was the reason I was not fully committed then? - I don't know nothing about it.
Q. Did not you authorise Mr. Lucas, Fox, and Mayne to compromise this matter, provided you could get the money back again that you had lost; and if you had it back again, did not you agree that you would relinquish this prosecution? - I never endeavoured to get any thing of the kind.
Court. Did you ever offer the prisoner to accept any compromise? - No, nothing of the kind.
Prisoner. How came you to be acquainted with my name, in order to have it set down in the warrant to apprehend me?-By the runners telling me your name.
Q. Should you have known me if you had met me in the street? - I should have known you any where.
Q. Did not Mr. Lucas tell you what sort of a person you was coming to swear to? - No, he did not.
Q. Did not he tell you what sort of a dress I was in? - No, not in the least.
Court. Was any body with this man, when this man was in the lock-up-room? - Yes, several.
Q. Did you know him from the rest? - I knew him instantly.
Prisoner. This money was obtained on the 27th of November; I have been several times at Mayne's house; particularly I was there on the 1st of January, and he never offered to take me into custody. Do you know the day I was apprehended? - I do not.
Prisoner. I have two or three witnesses that will prove that I have been at Mr. Mayne's house about this business, Mr. Mayne charged me with it once, but he never offered to take me into custody; I told him that I knew nothing about it.
Court to Prosecutor. Do you know how long after you see him in the street it was that you took him up at all? - It may be about six weeks.


                  THOMAS
                   GALLANT
               



             sworn.
I am a hair dresser.
Prisoner. Do you recollect my being charged with this business? do you recollect my going to Mayne's house?
Court. Do you know when he was apprehended? - I believe it was a month last Saturday.
Q. Between that and November, do you know any thing particular to state, that passed? - No further than the prisoner calling on me the first Thursday in January, and I went with him to Mr. Mayne's house, he is a runner at one of the offices.
Q. Did any thing pass at all about this business? - Not a circumstance about this business.


                  JOHN
                   MITCHELL
               



             sworn.
Q. Were you in company with this last witness, at Mayne's house, at any time? - I was, either the latter end of December, or the beginning of January, I cannot answer which.
Q. Was any thing said about this cross? - Nothing that I heard of.
Q. Did Mr. Mayne make any charge against this man? - Nothing that I heard of.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
