





671. 
               
                  
                     JOHN WILLIAM 
                     GAY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Hopkins
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of twelve in the forenoon, on the 14th of September
, one 
                     
                        Ann
                         Hopkins
                     



                   being therein, and stealing a silver watch, value 20 s. the property of the said Sarah
            .


                  ANN
                   HOPKINS
               



             sworn.
I am daughter of 
               
                  Sarah
                   Hopkins
               



            , widow
, No. 6, Charter-house-lane


. On Tuesday, between twelve and one, the 14th of September; I was below; I heard the street door open, and I came up stairs, and saw the prisoner at the back parlour door, going into the front parlour; and the prisoner gave me this letter (producing a letter) and asked if Mr. Clarke lived there; I said, no, my dear, but you should always knock at the street door; he said, he did knock at the parlour door; I looked on the chimneypiece, and saw the watch was gone, and I saw the prisoner with his hand in his waistcoat pocket, and I saw a bit of black ribbon hang out of the prisoner's pocket; I took the watch out of his pocket; it was a silver watch; it was left by my father between my mother and me, my mother administered: the boy said, he found the watch on the carpet; the bed room door was half open, and he pushed into the bed room, shut the door, opened the parlour door, and ran off; when I opened the bed room door I saw him at the parlour door, when I got to the parlour door I saw him run across the way: there was a court facing our house, where there was no thoroughfare: and I took him in a neighbouring dust-hole; I am confident he is the same boy.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went up this alley, and they said I had stole a watch.



               GUILTY of stealing
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before the Lord CHIEF BARON.
