





4. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COOKE alias 
GEORGE BAILEY




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of October
, a wooden box called a till, value 1s. 6d. an half guinea, sixteen shillings, and two hundred and forty halfpence, the goods and monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Fuller
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN
                   FULLER
               



             sworn.
I live in Orange-street, Bloomsbury


. I am a cheesemonger and porkman
. On Wednesday the 23d of October last, between six and seven in the evening, I went out of the shop, my wife and two daughters were sitting in the parlour to work, I went down to wash my hands; while I was washing my hands, I heard somebody in the shop, when I came up stairs one of my daughters were running out of the shop, and my wife said to me, Mr. Fuller, you are robbed; my daughter she came back presently and said, father, you are robbed; I looked round and said I don't know that I have lost any thing, she put her hand over the counter, which was a very narrow one, and she felt the till was gone; I never saw the man till I saw him at the watch-house.
Q. Do you know what was the contents of the till? - Yes, there was a half guinea in gold, and ten shillings and six-pence in silver, in a little screw box in the till, which I had put there for the sake of change, if I should happen to be out of the way, and five or six shillings more, I cannot positively say; and a large quantity of halfpence and farthings.
Q. Did you pursue this man? - I pursued him into the middle of Eagle-street, when Mr. Goundry, my next door neighbour, overtook me, and said, Mr. Fuller, I can run faster than you, I will pursue him, says I, so do, he ran down Red Lion-street, but I knew nothing further till I was sent for to thewatch-house, when I came there, there was a man told me, there was one of the thieves that had robbed me, the prisoner was at the watch-house; I see a pistol there, and I asked whether it was loaded, and he said b-st your eyes the pistol has been of no more use to me than an old cannon.
Q. Did the prisoner at this time appear sober? - As far as I know.
Q. Was that pistol in the pocket of the prisoner? - You will hear of that from the witness.
Q. Was your till in the watch-house with the prisoner? - Yes, it was.
Q. Had it been examined previous to the time you came there? - I believe not before they searched him I desired they would hear what I had to say; I told them there was half a guinea, which I had taken but a little while ago, it was a crooked one, and white about the edge like a shilling, and that half guinea I could swear to, this half guinea was found on him, it had been taken out of the screw box, there was only ten shillings and six-pence and half a guinea in the screw box, the other money, five or six shillings was in the till taken since I put the half guinea in.
Q. Is that half guinea in court? - Yes, 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Spriggs
               



             has it.
Mr. Knowlys. Have you any partner in your business? - None at all.
Q. At the time this till was taken from the shop there was nobody in the shop? - No, there was not.
Q. Was the till locked? - No, I don't know that it was.
Q. Perhaps you don't know that it was not? - I don't know, I was the last person, but whether I had turned the key or not I cannot tell.
Q. Had you the key? - No, it was found on the prisoner.
Court. Did any thing further pass at the watch-house? - I told them about this half guinea that I knew, and the sixteen shillings or thereabouts, and the first thing that this person took out of this prisoner's coatpocket was some halfpence, farthings, a glass, and the key of the till, which I took; the glass was what I had used for some years to try my silver upon; from his breeches pocket they took a guinea and two shillings; he said, don't mix that with the other for that is my own; he claimed that as his property before the magistrate.
Q. Where was the half guinea found? - The first there were some halfpence, farthings, the key and glass found; and then afterwards the half guinea, the sixteen shillings and some more halfpence the half guinea was what I described.


                  BENJAMIN
                   SPRIGGS
               



             sworn.
I am the night beadle belonging to St. Andrew's; I have got the half guinea which I took out of the prisoner's pocket, and have kept it ever since, I lapped it up in a piece of paper.
Q. Previous to the time that the half guinea was found, had the Prosecutor given you any description of the money that was lost? - Yes.
Q. Did the half guinea correspond, when produced, to that description that he had given? - Yes, it did; he said it was a crooked half guinea, rubbed round the edges with something of a white kind.
Fuller. I can swear to the half guinea, it is the same.
Court to Spriggs. Was you the person that pursued the prisoner? - No, I was sent for from where I was, at the workhouse; when I came to the watch-house I immediately searched him, and found on him sixteen shillings in silver, the half guinea and a few halfpence, and two or threefathings; I think the halfpence were in his great coat pocket, to the best of my recollection.
Q. Was there any thing else found on him? - Yes, there was a quantity of pick lock keys, ten of them; a bottle of phosphorus, several matches, a glass that they try the silver coin on, and the key of the till, that locked, and unlocked it. This till was brought into the watch-house, and given me by another person.
Fuller. This is the till that was carried away.
Spriggs. A small piece of wax candle was also found in his pocket; I found also a guinea, and two shillings in his breeches pocket, and he said that was his, as distinct from the other money; there was a pistol likewise given me, which was taken out of his hand; I did not take it out of his hand.
Mr. Knowlys. Is this a good half guinea or base metal? - It is good.


                  JOHN
                   GOUNDRY
               



             sworn.
Q. Are you the person that lives next to the prosecutor? - Yes, I went after him by the information of his daughter; in the course of the pursuit I ran past Mr. Fuller, into Red Lion-square, in a dark place in the middle I see three men standing, I thought they were likely to be the men, I went up to them, one of them said upon my coming up, D-n your eyes, what do you want? another said, D-n him, shoot him. The prisoner was one of them; he took a pistol out of his pocket and pointed it at me; I walked off in consequence of that being disarmed, for about ten distances and stopped; when they see me stop, they began to walk out of Red Lion-square into Eagle-street, I then followed, seeing a man come up in Eagle-street I cried for assistance; I see the prisoner was before me, as he walked he had the till under his coat, and kept putting the money out of it into his pocket; when I cried out for assistance, he chucked the till down; the other man, who was at hand, was a bricklayer, he ran across and struck him over the head with a piece of timber, which he had in his hand, I ran up immediately and one of them said, d-n your eyes; and one snapped a pistol, I cannot say positively, but I think so; I ran and caught him by the breast; the bricklayer struck him at the same time, and knocked him down, and we took him to the watch-house; he threw the till away when I first cried out for assistance.
Q. Who took up the till? - I cannot say, the till was brought to the watch-house after we were there, by whom I cannot say; the pistol was taken out of his hand.


                  GEORGE
                   CRESWELL
               



             sworn.
I was present at the time the prisoner at the bar was apprehended; I apprehended him myself; I was standing at the corner of the street, between six and seven in the evening, there was a cry of stop thief! when I heard the cry of stop thief, I thought it was men that were in liquor, I see three or four men running down Eagle-street, still hearing the cry of stop thief; as they came to me I made a blow at one of them; with that one of them said, fire; he fell with my blow with his breast on the post; the other two made off.
Q. Had you struck the prisoner at the time? - Yes, I had, he fell on the post, he recovered himself again and ran along, and kept the pistol turning to me, and I repeated my blow, in about four or five feet, and knocked him down, and Mr. Goundry came up, and I wrenched the pistol out of his hand, he said don't take my pistol; I carried him to thewatch-house, with Mr. Goundry, I was present when he was searched, the gentlemen told me as I had the pistol, to keep away with it, so that I did not see what they took from him.
Q. Are you sure that the prisoner at the bar is the same person whom you knocked down and carried to the watch-house? - The very same.
Q. Did the prisoner say any thing in your hearing when you got to the watch-house? - The gentlemen said unscrew the pistol, and see if it has any thing in it, the prisoner made answer and said it is loaded.


                  CHARLES
                   ROWE
               



             sworn.
On the 23d of October, between six and seven I heard the cry of stop thief as I was sweeping the shop, I ran out of doors, and I saw George Creswell and Mr. Goundry had got the prisoner in their possession, and were going to wrench the pistol out of his hand; I was behind them at this time, and I see the prisoner put his hand in his pocket, and put down this dark lanthorn.
Q. Did you find the till? - I did not, I took the lanthorn to the watch-house, and I have had it in my possession ever since.
Prisoner. When I was first taken to the watch-house, Mr. Fuller said that his daughter saw the man come into the shop in a white coat, and took away the till, ask him if he saw me near the shop.
Court. He never said he did.
Mr. Knowlys addressed the court that this case could not come within the act of parliament of privately stealing, because this shop was left unsecure, and consequently the utmost vigilance had been used by the persons who had the care of the goods, to prevent the fact being committed.
Court to Fuller. Pray has that parlour any communication with the shop, so as to see into it? - Yes, there is 2 glass door, and a glass window, there is nothing can pass without their seeing.




               GUILTY, Of stealing but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
