





284. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GRANT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Christian 
                        Abryhall
                     




                  , on the 26th of April
, and feloniously stealing therein six Holland shirts, value 1 l. 11 s. 6 d. one white cotton counterpane value 3 s. and one gown skirt value 2 s. his property
            .


                  CHRISTIAN
                   ABRYHALL
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 21, New Quebec-street


; my house was not broke open; I rent the house and let lodgings: I had seven shirts to iron; I was ironing one, and the other six were taken away; they were Holland shirts: I had folded them down, and they lay in a little tub in my room; when I sat down to iron I shut the door, but did not lock it; I am sure it was shut; I missed a cotton counterpane, and a linen gown skirt: I went the morning afterwards to the pawnbrokers, and next day to the Rotation-office: I have never seen any thing but four shirts since.


                  LUCY
                   BEMBRIDGE
               



             sworn.
I am a house-keeper; I had this property to wash; they belong to the Duke of Athol; I sent the shirts to Mrs. Abryhall to iron; I wrapped them up in the other things to keep them clean.


                  JOHN
                   LEED
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I produce four Holland shirts pawned by the prisoner, two on Thursday, and two on Friday, each about nine in the evening (produces the shirt); I stopped the prisoner on Saturday evening in consequence of a hand-bill; I have known him three years.
(Abryhall and Bembridge deposes to the shirts.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My lord and gentlemen, I met a man near Macclesfield-street, who asked me if I wanted some shirts; I said yes; and hetook me up to George-yard, and asked me 6 s. a piece; I pawned two of them to make the money up; if I had thought they had been stolen, I should scarcely have taken them to pledge: I have lived in credit, and do so now, except this accusation.




               Guilty of stealing to the value of 1 l. 11 s. 6 d. not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
