





83. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     ANDERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3d of December
, two silver table spoons, value 19 s. a silver tea spoon, value 1 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .
- SMITH sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  George
                   Smith
               



            ; the prisoner lived with me five months as a servant
; she left my place in a very ill state of health; her sister washes my linen; as far as I can recollect, I missed one spoon, the 20th of October; and on the 3d of December I lost another table spoon, with a cypher and crest; the cypher is M. S. K. She left my service more than five months ago.
Q. What month was it she left your service? - I cannot recollect.
Q. Have you any account of these spoons you have lost? - I have from the pawnbroker. It is a painful task for me to appear against any poor creature, but I have suffered so exceedingly by servants, that it is necessary to make an example of them: a servant went and enquired, and found them at a pawnbroker's in Gravel-lane.
- sworn.
I am a pawnbroker. I produce the spoons. (Deposed to.) The first table spoon was brought the 22d of October; the tea spoon some time in September; but I cannot say positively the day; andthe other table spoon this month. I have known her upwards of five years to use our shop; I received them all of the prisoner at the bar; I supposed she was a servant; I knew her using the shop; bringing the things; she had not brought any plate before, but she had brought other things; she had brought her own gowns, aprons, and so on; I had known her some time, and she always had a good appearance.
Q. You must have known whether she was a servant? - No, I did not.
Q. I wish to know, whether you thought she was a person likely to have plate of her own property? - I did.
Q. What name were they brought in? - One was pledged in the name of Kirby, and the other in the name of Brown.
Q. Had you no suspicion, by her using two names, what was the common name? - Brown and I heard that she had been married lately, and had changed her name.
Q. How much did she get on these pawns? - The tea spoons 18 d. and the other two table spoons 6 s. each.
Q. You thought she had got up in the world, and mended her circumstances, coming out with the silver table spoons? - I saw the letter was K.
Prisoner. I have been four years in London, I never pledged any thing but in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Laurance
               



            , that was my first husband's name.
Court to Prosecutrix. Did she come to your house? - She came frequently to fetch the linen away for her sister to wash; I lost many things during her service; I have no suspicion of her sister.
GUILTY. (Aged 30.)




               Recommended by the Prosecutor
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Lord LOUGHBOROUGH.
