





298. 
               
                  MARY 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of March
, a linen sheet, value 5s. and a linen pillow case, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Thomas
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  ANN
                   THOMAS
               



             sworn. - I live in Delehay-street, Westminister


: the prisoner at the bar had a pair of sheets to make up, some friends of mine came out of the country on the 22d of March, and they slept there on the Wednesday and Thursday; on Friday the 24th, she made the bed, when they left it, as I thought; she had made the bed so, that there appeared two sheets on the bed, though there was but one; on the Monday following I gave her leave to go out, and lent her a cloak to make a decent appearance, and she never returned to me again; I found my cloak afterwards at a pawnbroker's, pawned in my name, and I missed a sheet and a pillow case.
DELIVERANCE COLLINS sworn. - I am niece to Mrs. Thomas, I live in her family, the prisoner was her servant
; on the 22d of March, some friends came to our house, and left it on the 24th; the prisoner made the bed that morning, I saw it afterwards, and it had the appearance of having two sheets; nobody slept in it from the 24th to the 28th, I was to sleep in it that night; when I went to bed, I thought there were two sheets, but I found it was one doubled over like two; the prisoner had left our house the day before, my aunt gave her leave to go out, and the never returned back.


                  CHARLES
                   DENNIS
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, in Tothil-street, Westminster; the prisoner at the bar, on the 24th of March, pawned a sheet with me for six shillings (produces it;) I had seen her before, she pledged it in the name of Warner. (The sheet was deposed to by Mrs. Thomas).
Prisoner's defence. The prosecutrix lent it me to pawn, she was short of money; I have known her twenty years; I have made a set of shirts for her belonging to the man that she lives with, she had not money enough to pay me, and desired me to pawn that sheet; she is very much given to drink brandy, and be intoxicated.
Q.(To Mrs. Thomas.) Is this any part of it true, upon your oath? - A. It is totally false upon my oath.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 38.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex jury, before Lord KENYON.
