





299. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of June
, ten glass decanters, value 10 s. twelve glass tumblers, value 4 s two glass pepper castors, value 2 s. two glass salt holders, value 2 s. two looking glasses, value 5 s. a linen knife cloth, value 2 d. two case knives, value 6 d. two forks, value 4 d. the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Lord
                     



                  ; and a cotton and worsted waistcoat, value 6 d. thirty-six oranges, value 12 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Collier
                        



.


                  THOMAS
                   LORD
               



             sworn.
On the 14th of June, (I have a room in the Cricket-ground at Marybone


, and keep the Cricket-ground
,) I lost the things mentioned in the indictment.


                  JOHN
                   COLLIER
               



             sworn.
On the 14th of June, about six in the morning, I found this room was broke open, the pannel of the door was taken out, and the things gone, which I locked up over night, and lost my waistcoat and six dozen of oranges, which were under my care for a gentleman. I looked over the field, and I found one of the cruets, but nothing else; the next day I saw the things at the Justices.


                  FRANCIS
                   DALE
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman, I stopped the prisoner, he shunned me, and I took him into custody, with the property on him, he threw down the basket and ran away, he was brought back, I searched him. All the property is here, which he had on his shoulder.


                  JOHN
                   CROCKER
               



             sworn.
I took him into custody, and have kept the things ever since. (Produced some of the things and deposed to). This centre bit matched to the hole in the door.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been to seek for work on Monday, and returning and laying down under some hay, and in the night two men came and brought these things and hid them, and in the morning I went to see what it was and I took it up, I did not know the consequence of meddling with it. I am a stranger entirelyin this part of the world. I have no friends.



               GUILTY
            , (Aged 27.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
