





162. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     FOX
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31 of March
, a pair of leather breeches, value 10s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Davis
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCIS
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I was a servant
 to Mr. Shepherd in Boswell-court, Cary-street


.
Q. Did you lose a pair of breeches at any time? - Yes; on Tuesday, the 3d of March.
Q. Where was your box? - On the top of the house, in the front garrett.
Q. Did the prisoner at the bar live in the house? - No. There was a sale, Mr. Shepherd is become a bankrupt, and this was the viewing day before the sale; the prisoner was in the house, looking at the goods that were to be sold, and I had left my things up altogether on one side in my bedroom, in a box, at the Foot of my bed, and I had not any occasion to take them away till the last day's sale; the box was locked, and he broke open the box.
Q. How do you know he broke it open? - He went up stairs to view the things; I see him come out of that room, there was nobody else in the room; I was coming up stairs, at the top of the stairs, and I met the prisoner, and I see the strings of the breeches hanging out of his pocket, but I did not suspect they were mine not at that moment; he pushed by me at the top of the stairs to come down,and I locked into the room and see nobody else there, and see my box that it was moved, and I turned again and ran down stairs as hard as I could after him to the bottom; I pursued him so close that he turned into a room at the bottom of the stairs, at the right hand, and as I turned in at the door, he turned to a little closet door on the left hand, and pulls out my breeches from his pocket with his right hand; I see him pull them out, and I followed to the closet, and apprehended him at that closet. The breeches are here.
Mr. Knowlys. When you found the breeches they were wrapped up in paper, were they not? - They were.
Q. That was not the way in which you left them? - Yes, they were rolled up in paper having come home from being cleaned.
Q. How many persons were there at that time? - That is rather too hard a question.
Q. A good many? - Yes.
Q. How long was it before this time that you had seen your box? - About a quarter of an hour.
Q. Many persons had access to the room as well yourself? - Yes.
Prisoner. I had occasion to buy some blankets; on the third of last March, I looked at the Daily Advertiser, and saw of this sale by auction; I went from home between twelve and one to the house of Mr. Shepherd, in Boswell court; I went into the ground floor, one pair, and two pair of stairs, and saw there was nothing would suit me, and I went into the upper story, and I think there were three rooms on a floor, and there were some blankets, which I examined, and marked those that would suit me in the catalogue, and was coming out of the room, coming on the lending place, I see Mr. Davis coming up the stairs, I had no idea who he was, I thought he came there for the purpose of viewing some furniture, I passed him and went down stairs, when I went down stairs and turned into a back parlour, and I went up to a window, and see a large closet in the room, and I was looking at some gentlemens tools in a chest that were in the closet, when the prosecutor came hastily into the room, looked wildly about him, rushed violently into the closet, when I observed him open a small cupboard in the closet, and take out a small parcel, and he says to me, how came this here? I asked him what he meant? he immediately answered God d-mn your blood, you have brought these down stairs, you have robbed me; I told him he should not impute such a charge to me, for I was entirely innocent, and willing to go before a magistrate. He sent for an officer, and I waited near half an hour before the officer came, when the officer came, he searched me, and found nothing about me but my own property; I had no kind of instrument whatever about me that I could force or pick a lock. When he brought the parcel to me, they were folded up in a piece of brown paper, there were no appearance of strings about them. It is impossible I could put such a pair of breeches in my pocket.
Prosecutor. The strings hung out of the paper; as to the tool chest, there was no such thing in the closet.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 37.)
Court to the Prisoner. Pray what has been your employment in life? - I have an allowance from my father, and my wife has an annuity.
Q. Where do you live? - In Holborn, I lodge there in my own lodgings, my own furniture.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Lord KENYON.
