





223. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of March
, eight yards of woollen cloth, value 3l. 10s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Miles 
                           Atkinson
                        




                     
                  , privately his shop
            .


                  MILES
                   ATKINSON
               



             sworn. - I keep a woollen-draper's shop
 in St. Paul's-church-yard


: On Tuesday, the 19th of March, I lost eight yards of livery cloth; I was alone in the shop at the time.
Q. Did you see the prisoner in the shop? - A. No, I did not; I missed it about three o'clock in the afternoon; I went backwards into the accompting-house; I had not wrote three words, before I found I wanted a book; I went into the shop again directly to look for the book, and missed the cloth immediately; a person came in and told me I had been robbed by two men; if I would go with him, he would shew me the house they were gone into; I went with him to the Queen's-head, in Queen's-head-alley, Newgate-street; I directly went into the tap-room, and saw two men with this piece of cloth lying before them; there was a handkerchief round it at that time; I directly called the waiter into the room, and told him to fetch a constable, for those men had robbed me of that piece of cloth; the man came back, and said, he could not meet with one, and Waller, the evidence,said, I will go then, but take care of them; there were two other men in the room; in about two minutes they got up, and wanted to go, but I told them they should not; I was obliged to collar them both, but one of them got away from me; the landlady had set him back against the door, and he knocked her over almost; the two men that were sitting there would not assist me, though I asked them; he got away, so that I only detained the prisoner at the bar.


                  ROBERT
                   WALLER
               



             sworn. - On Tuesday, the 19th of March, about three in the afternoon, I was going along St. Paul's-church-yard, and I saw two men that I suspected were after something that was not right; I drew myself a little off, about the distance of this Court; I lost one of them instantaneously; in a quarter of a minute afterwards, I saw the prisoner come out of Mr. Atkinson's shop with a piece of yellow cloth under his arm; the other then joined him; I let them pass me; I followed them through Cannon-alley, across Paternoster-row; when they got into Cannon-alley, the prisoner drew out a handkerchief, and threw it to his companion to cover the cloth with; that was not sufficient, and his companion pulled out another, and endeavoured to cover the remainder part of the cloth with it; they then went into the Queen's-head, in Queen's-headalley; I immediately ran back to Mr. Atkinson's; I asked him if he had not lost some cloth; Mr. Atkinson appeared confused, and said, he had just missed it; I told him to go to that house and he would find it; I went in at one door, and he at another, and there they were with the cloth; the waiter could not get a constable, and I went, and while I was gone for a constable, one of them made his escape.
Q. Have you any doubt that the prisoner was one of them? - A. Not the smallest.(The constable produced the cloth).
Mr. Atkinson. This is my cloth; I tried it in the presence of the constable with the piece that I had cut it off from, and it matched exactly.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence, but called three witnesses, who gave him a good character. GUILTY (Aged 18.)




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
