





536. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LEADGER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of September
, a pair of cotton stockings, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Henley
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   HENLEY
               



             sworn. - I am groom
 to Mr. Palmer, a grocer, in Fenchurch-street; I live at No. 19. Widegate-street


: My wife had hung a pair of stockings out at the window to dry, I saw them hung out between eleven and twelve o'clock on Saturday night, the 9th of September; it was a one-pair of stairs window, and the sash was shut down upon them; about four o'clock in the morning I was waked by a sudden shaking of the window; I got up, and missed the stockings; I called to the watchman, and from his information, I followed the prisoner to the Green Dragon, in Bishopsgate-street; I saw him there, and looked into his pocket, where I saw my stockings; Mr. Davis, the constable of the night, came in, and I gave charge of him; the watchman searched him, and found the stockings rolled up wet in his pocket; they are marked I. H. and a figure of one.


                  WILLIAM
                   BROADWAY
               



             sworn. - I am an extra watchman in Bishopsgate-street: I was on duty on Saturday, the 9th of September; on Sunday morning, about a quarter before four, I saw the prisoner at the bar, in company with another, pass my box, I did not like the appearance of them, but having no bundle, I did not stop them; I went round to see if the doors and shutters were all fast; I had scarce returned to my box, when the prosecutor called to me, and I described the men that I had seen; when it was day light, I was going past again, and this long stick (about ten feet long), was lying next to the prosecutor's door.
Q. Would that stick reach the window? - A. Yes; I tried it; I afterwards went to the Green-Dragon, and took charge of the prisoner; I found the stockings wet in his pocket.


                  JOSEPH
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn. - I was constable of the night; I saw the stockings taken out of the prisoner's pocket. (Produces them).
Mrs. HENLEY sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  James
                   Henley
               



            ; these are my husband's stockings, I marked them.
-PRICE sworn. - I am a watchman; I saw the prisoner and another go past; I went with the prosecutor to the Green-Dragon.
Prisoner's defence. I was a soldier in the Tower-Hamlets; I went into the public-house to get a pint of beer and some bread and cheese, before Iwent upon duty, and I picked up these stockings in the road.
The prisoner called his serjeant, and three other witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
