





168. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HANSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of December
, a cloth coat, value 7 s. a velveret waistcoat, value 3 s. two pair of nankeen breeches, value 12 d. two pair of stockings, value 12 d. two muslin handkerchiefs, value 6 d. and a pair of silver shoe buckles, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Jude 
                  Wells
               




            .
JUDE WELLS sworn.
I am a whitesmith
; I live at No. 8, Baker's-buildings, West-Smithfield


. On the 27th of December I went out about seven in the evening, and returned about twelve, went to bed, and arose the next morning at eight, at which time I missed my shoes and buckles; I missed also my coat, waistcoat, breeches, four shirts, and two pair of stockings; I locked all these things in my box that afternoon at four o'clock, and I found it open the next morning; the prisoner lodged with me, and was my bedfellow and fellow-servant; he slept out that night, and went off the next morning at six; he was missing for near eight weeks; he was taken by one of our patroles with my breeches on him; I found nothing about him but the breeches and knee-buckles. (The buckles produced and deposed to.) When he got up at six in the morning, he said he would go hard to work.


                  WILLIAM
                   STEELE
               



             sworn.
I slept in the same bed with the prosecutor and prisoner: at six o'clock in the morning he said to me, Bill, if you will get up, I will go and work a hard day's work: at day-light I missed my own shoes.


                  WILLIAM
                   MULLEIN
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner, on the 18th of February, at the corner of Sharp's-alley, at Cow-cross, near eleven o'clock; he was standing at the corner, and said there were some women that had taken some money from him: I asked him if he did not know 
               
                  William
                   Steel
               



            ; he said, No: I asked him if he did not work with Mr. Hurst, a file-cutter; he said, No: I told him, he must go along with me; and when I came up to Mr. Steele's, they identified his person.

Prisoner. I know nothing about it; I was in bed at the time he said he found this box broke open.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 16.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
