





450. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JOHNSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Bignell
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of five in the afternoon, on the 22d of April
 (one Hannah, the wife of Samuel Swaine, and others, being therein) and stealing three silk gowns, value 20 s. a sattin cloak, value 10 s. two muslin handkerchiefs, value 4 s. one pair of stockings, value 12 d. one sat in petticoat, value 6 s one ditto, value 12 d two child's gowns, value 2 s. two shirts, value 2 s. his property, in the same dwelling house
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  THOMAS
                   BIGNELL
               



             sworn.
I have been a house-keeper in Cursitor-street


 almost thirty-two years: on the 22d of April, I was sent for: I was not at home. Mrs. Hannah Swaine, and the wife of 
               
                  Samuel
                   Swaine
               



            , and 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Harvey
               



            , and Susannah and 
               
                  Hannah
                   Bignell
               



            , and Mrs. Richards; and I believe, 
               
                  John
                   Harris
               



            ; but I never saw him at the time; and whether he was in the house or no, I do not know; when I got in the passage, the prisoner was there; the drawers lay about: the constable came, and the prisoner was committed.


                  SUSANNAH
                   BIGNELL
               



             sworn.
I am wife of the last witness: I sent the child up stairs of an errand; and she came down and told me: and I saw the prisoner at my bed-room door, which is the first floor; I asked him what he did there, and what he had been doing? he said he had not been in the room; he had not got any thing; I put my head into the room, and perceived the things had been taken from the places where I had left them; that was three silk gowns, one black sattin cloak, and the other things; I left the gowns and petticoats in a chest; and the sheets and child's gown doubled in a corner of the room; when I saw them an hour before, some was on the bed, and some on the chest: then I sent for the constable; nothing was on the prisoner: the door is an open street door; and my bed-room door was locked; but the key in it; when I went up, it was wide open, and the prisoner at the door; nobody went up to that room besides myself and my family, that I know of; it was an hour since I saw it locked; me and my daughter, Mrs. Swaine, and Mrs. Harvey, and the widow Richards: Harris I did not see in the house.
HARRIOT BIGNELL.
Court. How old are you? - Twelve, last October.
Did you ever take an oath? - Yes, at the Justice's.
What will become of you, if you take a false oath? - A punishment hereafter.
HARRIOT BIGNELL sworn.
I was going up stairs, and I saw the one pair of stairs back room door open, and the shade of somebody go behind the door; I directly asked who it was; and got no answer; and again; I received no answer; and I looked, and saw a man's buckles in his shoes, and the buttons on his coat; the door went as far as it could go, the man being behind it; and I went down stairs: I did not see Mr. Harris in the room: Isaw the prisoner on the landing-place, twenty minutes after; I did not see him come out of the room.
ELIZBETH HARVEY sworn.
I believe Mr. Harris was in the house; I thought I heard him over my head; I did not see him; I live in the second floor: I was sitting at work by the fire, and heard Harriot call out mammy, mammy, here is a man behind the door: and I saw the prisoner against the room door, on the landing-place; that is the room from whence the things were taken; and I picked up a black silk petticoat on the second pair of stairs: I heard a man come out of the room, go up stairs, and come down again; I saw several things about the room, and on the bed.


                  HANNAH
                   SWAINE
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner on the stairs, at the first floor door; I saw no property upon him; I did not look into the room.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Coming along Chancery-lane, I met an acquaintance, and enquired for one Mullett, a shoe-maker; he told me he lived at a hair dresser's in Cursitor-street: and I went to this prosecutor's to enquire about it; nobody was in the shop; and I went up stairs, and could not find him; and coming down, I was detected on the second pair of stairs; and they said I had been in the room.
(The petticoat deposed to.)
Mrs. Bignell. The petticoat was missing from my chest.




               GUILTY, 39 s. not of breaking
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


