





715. 
               
                  
                     LUCINDA 
                     GREGORY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of September
, a feather bolster, value 3 s. a feather pillow, value 2 s. 6 d. a linen sheet, value 3 s. and a cotton bed curtain, value 1 s. 6 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Nisbett
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging room
            .


                  SARAH
                   NISBETT
               



             sworn.
I live in Smith's-street, Westminster


. On the 3d of September the prisoner came to my house to lodge, and she continued in my lodging till last Thursday; I let to her two rooms on the first floor, last Thursday I had some reason to suspect that some part of my property was gone, on Friday morning I went into the room to examine, and I found the best part of the bed furniture gone away; the indictment states a pillow, bolster, sheet, and curtain, but that was not all I missed, I missed a great deal more, and I went to the police office, and she was put in the power of a constable, and the property found at a pawnbroker's.
Q. Had she quitted your lodgings? - She had not, I went on an information of a former lodging that she had served the same.


                  THOMAS
                   HAYNES
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I have a bolster, pillow, and sheet, brought to me by theprisoner at the bar at different times, they were all pledged in the month of September, she pledged them in the name that I had seen her in our shop before, by the name of Mary Arthur.
Nisbett. They are all mine.
Prisoner. The things that I took out of this room would have been replaced, but she took the tickets from me, and said she would replace them; on Friday morning, she brought up some other women and imprisoned me, and did not give me an opportunity of getting the things back again, she knew they were to be replaced that day, it was necessity made me do it, I have done wrong to be sure, but I did not know the consequence of it; I did not apply to any body to come here for me.
Court to Prosecutor. Did you give her leave to pawn any of these things? - No, nor I never had any suspicion of it till Thursday last.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
