





194. 
               
                  GEORGE, otherwise 
WILLIAM 
                  DAVIES
               




            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of Jan
. a cotton handkerchief, value 6d. two cloth coats, value 30s. a pair of worsted breeches, value 3s. and a cotton waistcoat, faced with satin, value 6s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lockyer
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   LOCKYER
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 59, Castle-street, Oxford-market; On the 21st of January, about half past six o'clock in the evening, I ordered my son to get two coats, a waistcoat, and a pair of breeches, tied up in a handkerchief; I went out that evening, and when I returned, my wife informed me my son was robbed; the property was found upon the prisoner.
Cross-examined by Mr. Peatt. Q. You are a taylor
? - A. Yes.
Q. You have a partner, I believe? - A. No.

Q. Have you seen the prisoner since his commitment? - A. Yes.
Q.What passed between you and the prisoner? - A. He begged for mercy.
Q. You have seen him since his commitment to Newgate, have not you? - A. Yes, I say so.
Q. You told the prisoner you would forgive him? - A. I told him I would shew him as much mercy as the Court would allow, on account of his father, who is an aged man.


                  GEORGE
                   ARNOTT
               



             sworn.
I was crossing the top of Cheapside, on the 21st of January, about half past seven in the evening; as I was crossing towards Newgate-street, a coach was coming down, I stopped while the coach passed; a little boy was behind the coach, crying out, which drew my eye between the coach and the wheel; he was behind the coach riding; I saw the prisoner at the bar pulling his parcel, and saw the boy crying, and he pulled the poor boy down upon his hands and knees, and then ran away with the bundle under his arm; I cried out stop thief, and ran after him as fast as I could; before he crossed Cheapside


, he dropped the bundle; I ran after him, and about four yards further he fell down, then I took him by the collar, and took him to the Compter; as soon as I got hold of him, the little boy came up and picked up the parcel.
Cross-examined by Mr. Peatt. Q. What was the first thing that made you observe what you have been stating? - A. The boy crying.
Q. They were both behind the coach together? - A. Yes; but the prisoner was down, and he was up.


                  JOHN
                   LOCKYER
               



             sworn.
I shall be ten years old next June. I was going to Sir Benjamin Hammett's with a bundle of cloths for three of the clerks; This the bundle (producing it). In the middle of Newgate-street, the prisoner got up behind the coach with me, and he asked me where I was going; I told him I was going along Cheapside, that was all the conversation that passed between him and me.
Q. What did he do then? - A. He did not do any thing to me; but, at the bottom of Newgate-street, he snatched the bundle from me behind the coach, and he fell down, and the gentleman took him.
Q.(To Lockyer). Is that your property? - A. They belonged to Sir 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Hammett
               



            's clerks, I made them.
Cross-examined by Mr. Peatt. Q. You make cloaths for Sir Benjamin Hammett? - A. No, I don't but for three of the clerks that are there.
Q. Did you take any particular notice; were these cloaths in your hand after they were made? - A. There is a particular mark upon one coat.
Q. Did you cut them out yourself? - A. Yes, I did.
Prisoner's defence. I am innocent of the crime laid to my charge; I know nothing at all about it; when I was taken, I was upwards of thirty yards from the coach, and, I declare to God, I am as innocent of it as the child unborn, in regard of taking it away; I was lame at that time, was the reason of my riding behind the coach.
(The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.)




               Transported for seven years
            .



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERGEANT.
