






41. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GOOD
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Atkinson
                        



                     
                  , on the 3d of December
, about the hour of six at night, and burglariously stealing therein, a silver watch-case, value 5s. a watch motion, value 5s. and twelve watch keys, value 3s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wayland
                        



.


                  JOHN
                   WAYLAND
               



             sworn.
I live in Bell-alley, Lombard-street


.
Q. Did you in this month lose any part of your property? - I did, on Wednesday, the 3d of December: between five and six in the evening, I had two of my shop windows broke; I lost the inside case of a silver watch, what we call a motion.
Q. Was there any thing else you lost? - Some watch glasses that was wrapped up in paper.
Q. How many were they? - About a dozen.
Q. What window was broke? - The window of my shop, I have only the lower part.
Q. What house was it? - 
               
                  John
                   Atkinson
               



            's.
Q. Was you in your shop the time these things were lost? - There was no one in the shop.
Q. Was the shop shut up? - No, it was open.
Q. Was the door open? - No, it was fast.
Q. Then, I suppose, by breaking the glass of the window, the hand was inserted through that opening into the shop? - I was not there.
Q. In what part of the shop was this motion deposited? - On a small shelf on the window.
Q. When had you last seen it? - Just before I left the shop.
Q. When had you left the shop? - Exactly at five o'clock.

Q. Was the shop shut up for the night, or had you an intention of returning? - I had an intention of returning in the course of an hour, which I did.
Q. When you returned, what did you observe? - I observed two of my windows broke.
Q. Did you observe whether you lost any part of your property? - As soon as I observed the windows broke.
Q. Was your shop near the public street? - It is about the centre of Bellalley, which is very near Lombard-street.
Q. Did you make enquiry what things were taken away? - I knew what things were taken away, when I came into the shop I missed them.
Q. Have you any reason to charge the prisoners with taking this property? - I think, I know the face of the elder; 
               
                  Thomas
                   Williams
               



            , I believe his name is.
Q. Have you seen him often in your neighbourhood? - I think I have some recollection of his face, of seeing him at my window.
Q. Did you apprehend him on suspicion of this? - No, I did not apprehend him.
Q. Do you know any thing of your own knowledge to affect him for this charge? - No, I do not.
Mr. Gurney. You think you have seen that young man at the bar, looking at your window? - I think I have.
Q. What articles are exhibited at your window? - Watches.
Q. And other articles? - No, I have not.
Q. I take it for granted, you exhibit them for the purpose of being looked at? - But by seeing him there, I guessed for what purpose he looked in.
Q. You left your shop about five o'clock, no person at all to take care of it? - I left a light in a lamp.
Q. You left watches in the window? - No, I only left that which they took.
Q. You left your shop at five o'clock; how much before five do you think it was? - About five minutes past five.
Q. I take it for granted, it was not quite dark? - It was quite dark some time before.
Prisoner Good. I should be very glad to ask him, if ever he saw me about his shop in his life?
Prosecutor. I cannot say that I have any recollection of the boy
.
Court to Prosecutor. As I understand you, you think you have seen the other prisoner, Williams, looking at your window in the shop, but you are not certain of that? - Yes.
Q. But whether you had or no, had you that night, seen any thing of him? - No, I had not.
Q. You took them before a magistrate, and they were committed: What foundation had you to do that? - The foundation was, that the property was found on them.
Q. Do you know that of your own knowledge? - No, it was produced to me in the course of an hour after the robbery was committed.
Q. Who is the person that proves the finding of the articles on them? - 
               
                  Philip
                   Jostling
               



            .


                  PHILIP
                   JOSTLING
               



             sworn.
I am a constable.
Q. Did you apprehend the prisoners, either of them? - I and the next witness that will come, did apprehend the two prisoners at the bar.
Q. Where did you apprehend them? - In Bishopsgate street.
Q. Did you apprehend them by virtue of a warrant? What was your ground? - On Wednesday the 3d of December, about seven o'clock in the evening, I and the next witness was going along Bishopsgate-street; I observed the two prisoners at the bar, standing close together; I observed the biggest give something into the little ones hand: I had a suspicion it was a parcel of bad money. I said to Spinoza, I will take hold of the little one, and told him to take hold of the other: I took hold of his hand and he had a sixpence in it; and the other witness said, the big one had dropped something, says he, he has dropped a watch, then says I, stop him and take him over to the Flower Pot, and examine him.
Q. Did you see any thing taken from him in that search? - Spinoza found it; I did not see the watch drop.
Q. What do you know further? - Nothing, further than finding out the owner of the watch; after I had taken him to the compter, I went and found the owner out.
Mr. Gurney. You are a constable? - I am.
Q. You are a pretty officer, employed in this sort of business; I may take it for granted, that you gave exactly the same account? - I did.
Q. That you supposed they were utterers of bad silver, and that you seized the younger boy; and that directly as Spinoza seized the elder boy
, that then he dropped a watch? - Yes, I did not say that he dropped the watch, the next witness said that. I heard something drop from him, directly the next witness said he has dropped something, says he, he has dropped a watch.
Q. You said before the magistrate that you heard something drop? - I did.
Q. Now, I have that information you gave before the magistrate, and is this the whole of it; Is this your hand writing? - It is.
Q. Here is nothing of that in it; I believe their commitment was for a larceny? - It was.
Q. By whose advice was it that they were indicted for a burglary? - It was my advice.
Q. You know there is such a thing as a forty pound reward? - Most undoubtedly I do.
Q. And where you can have that forty pounds reward you indict them for a burglary? - I do for my duty to the public, and myself, sir, as you do.
Q. Don't you expect to receive a part of that reward, if these mens lives are sacrificed? - I expect to receive a part of that reward, if the court allows it; I dare say you would not plead, if you was not paid.


                  JACOB
                   SPINOZA
               



             sworn.
Q. Are you a peace officer? - No.
Q. Was you on the 3d of this month an assistant with Jostling? - I was.
Q. How came you to be engaged on that service? - I went along with him to Bishopsgate-street, on Wednesday night, about seven o'clock; and I saw the two prisoners at the bar standing together; and the one, named Williams, was giving something to the other named Good, what it was, I could not tell. Mr. Jostling laid hold of Good, and I laid hold of Williams and searched him; taking hold of him, I observed he had something in his hand, as soon as I took hold of his hand, I see him drop something; and I said Jostling he has dropped something, it is a watch; Jostling says, let us take them over to the Flower Pot, In Bishopsgate-street, he made a scussing, so that it was as much as I could do to take him over to the 
               
                  Flower
                   Pot
               



            ; in searching him, I found a knife about him; and then I took him to the Compter.
Q. You had taken up the watch before you searched him? - I had.
Q. Was it an entire watch, or only part of it? - It was part of a watch, but when it dropped on the ground, it appeared as a whole watch.
Q. It is a watch case? - It is a silver watch inside case, I believe.

Q. Did you find any watch movement? - No; I found nothing at all on him, excepting a knife. After we took them to the Compter we went to the City Arms, in Lombard-street, to have a pint of porter, and tried to see if there were any marks on the watch, and we could not open it, and we asked the landlord whereabouts a watch maker lived.
Mr. Gurney. You must not tell us that.
Court. You found out at length that the prosecutor of the indictment had left a watch or watch case? - I did, the same night.
Q. Was he brought to the presence of the prisoner? - He was not, he saw him the next day before the Lord Mayor.
Q. Did any thing pass material to give evidence? - No further then Mr. Wayland saying that he had his windows broke the night before.
Mr. Gurney. I will thank you to tell me a little over again what you told his lordship just now. You found Good and Williams standing near together, see one deliver something into the others hands; what it was you could not tell? - Yes; then Mr. Jostling took hold of one prisoner and told me to take hold of the other; consequently I did, and when I went to take hold of his hand he dropped something; says I, jostling, he has dropped something.
Q. You was before Mr. Alderman Boydell? - I was, on Monday.
Q. Did you give an information there? - I did.
Q. Is not that your hand writing, that signature? (the information shewn him) - It is.
Q. You gave exactly the same account as you do now? - I did.
Q. And you told him that you found a knife? - I did.
Q. Let us see the knife. It is not a common bread and cheese knife, as any body may have? Pray, sir, what has been your employment? - I am a confectioner by business.
Q. He that seen your employment? - No, I go out to assist Mr. Jostling.
Q. You have assisted, I believe, a considerable time in this sort of way. How long have you assisted him? - About six or eight weeks.
Q. You have gone with a good many men? - I cannot say.
Q. Will you tell me that? Was not you in some employment of this sort six or eight months ago? - No.
Q. Was not you removed from some employment of this sort by my Lord Mayor? - No.
Q. Was not you, on account of a little suspicion of your extorting six guineas from a man for putting off bad money? - No, I was not.
Q. How long have you been employed by one person or another in taking up persons? - About six or eight weeks, with Mr. Jostling.
Q. How long have you been employed by any other person? - Not at all. only going with him, as I told you before.
Q. How long? - I cannot rightly tell.
Q. Three years? - It may be three years or four years, it may be later, or it may be sooner.
Q. Did you ever hear of such a thing as a reward? - I have.
Q. I dare say you could guess to the amount of it, if you was to try? - I don't know that I could. What reward do you mean? I don't know what you mean by reckoning.
Q. What, pray, may the amount of the reward be? - According to a man's desert.

Q. What amount may be the reward for a man convicted of burglary? - Forty pounds.
Q. Then if there are two, there are two forty pounds? - There may be so.
Q. I dare say your motives are of such a public spirit that you don't expect any share of the reward if the men are convicted? - I do expect some share according to my merit.
Q. Was you along with Jostling, and concerned with him in advising this indictment for a burglary? - No otherwise than the robbery was committed, he indicted it as it ought to be.
Q. These two young men were not committed for a burglary? - I cannot say; I believe, according to the evidence we gave, it was a burglary.
Q. I ask you this, whether you was assisting Mr. Jostling in advising an indictment for a burglary? - No, I did not advise at all.
The information read.
The information of 
               
                  Philip
                   Jostling
               



            , who, on his oath, says, That on Wednesday evening, about the hour of seven, he observed 
               
                  James
                   Good
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas
                   Williams
               



             standing together, &c. and the informant, Spinoza, on his oath says, that he was with Jostling, and on his going up to the prisoner Williams, he dropped the inside case of a watch, and part of a watch movement, now produced, &c.
(The watch case produced.)
Prosecutor. It is mine; I know it by the dial plate, and I have the work in this box that belongs to it, it exactly sits; it is an unfinished watch; I can swear it is my property.
Mr. Gurney. It appears to be a very common sort of a watch? - It is a common one, it is a watch that can be sold as cheap as three guineas and a half, when it is finished.
Q. There is nothing at all remarkable that a movement should go on four points like this? - Yet it would be very remarkable if you could find another; you might try five hundred and not do it.
Prisoner Good. I never saw the young man, Williams, in my life, before I was taken up, and put along with him.
Prisoner Williams. I don't know any thing of the prisoner at the bar, I never saw any thing of him before I was taken into custody with him; when the two gentlemen came up they said they heard something drop from some body, they did not know who; and they swore when they were before the Lord Mayor, that nobody was passing at the time; when it is as public a place as any in London at seven o'clock at night.
The prisoner Williams called one witness, who said, he never heard any harm in his character.
Jostling. Please to ask this person if Williams was not discharged from the New Bastile the night before I took him.


                  Thomas
                   Williams
               



            , 


               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .
(Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  James
                   Good
               



            , 

               Not GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
