







324. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MILLER
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SHARPLESS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MANSELL
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of June
, a leather pocket-book, value 14d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Hyne
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  JAMES
                   HYNE
               



             sworn. - I am servant
 to Mr. Jones, currier, Princes-street, Drury-lane; my pocket was picked of a pocket-book on the 12th of this month; I was going up to Cavendish-square with two orders for Drury-lane theatre; I was in Oxford-street


 between three and four o'clock in the afternoon; I did not know I had lost it till the officers came to my master's house to me; I cannot say where I lost it; the last time I saw it before it was taken away, was at my master's house, I took it out of my pocket when I saw it, was before dinner, and I put it in again, I never touched it afterwards; I saw it the same evening in the officer Crocker's hands; I did not know either of the prisoners at the bar.
- CROCKER sworn. - I am a patrole belonging to Bow-street: On Wednesday afternoon last, about three o'clock, I was going up Broad St. Giles's, I observed the three prisoners at the bar; I followed them up Oxford-road; when I came to Rathbone-place, I saw Mr. Pickering; I called after him, he stopped, and I told him there were three people gone up that side of the road; we followed them as far as Holland's print-shop; they stopped there, Pickering and I staid on the opposite side of the way, we staid for the space of about five minutes; I observed Mary Miller walk away with Sharpless, with one hand under her apron, and I saw her looking at something in the other; I immediately ran over with Pickering, and laid hold of her; she had this bit of paper in her hand, looking at it; I took her into a milliner'sshop; Mansell was following her behind; I told Pickering to take hold of him; he did so, and brought him into the shop; I searched him, it was about three o'clock on Wednesday, the 12th of this month; as I told Pickering to lay hold of Mansell, I observed the pocket-book under the prisoner Miller's feet, under her petticoats; this bit of paper she had looking at in her hand, which came out of the pocket-book; that is all I can say, Pickering can say no more.
Prisoner Miller. Q. Whether you can say that pocket-book was under my feet? - A. On my oath it was.
Court. (To Prosecutor.) Q. Which way did you go from Drury-lane? - A. Up Drury-lane, up St. Giles's, up Oxford-street; I stopped a few minutes at Holland's; that is my pocket-book, it was given to me.
Miller's defence. My mother in the afternoon gave me leave to go out; I am out of place; I took a walk up Oxford-road, and this young man used a public-house where my mother deals for beer, and by seeing him he spoke to me; I saw the piece of paper and picked it up, when Mr. Crocker and another man came and laid hold of me, and said, we had been picking pockets.
Hyne. That paper was in the pocket-book.
Miller. The gentleman at Bow-street declined saying that he said he could not swear to the paper, or tell whether it was in the book or his pocket.
Court. (To Prosecutor). Q. Did you say so at Bow-street? - A. I could not say whether it was in the pocket-book or not, but the paper is mine, it might have got out of the pocket-book, I had put it in some time before; when I first had it I put it in, it was given me by a little girl; I cannot swear whether it was in the pocket-book at that time; it was a jacket I had on, and it was on the left hand side.
Sharpless's defence. I worked at Mr. Kelly's, in the Strand, a coach-harness-maker, I had left there about a fortnight before, and I saw this young woman; we got into a conversation together, and were coming down home, when we were stopped.
Mansell's defence. I drive a hackney-coach, night-work; I was going up to Newman-street, as I had some money owing me there; I did not know these people before; I saw them before me forty yards, and seeing a row, I goes down, and Crocker lays hold of me.
Miller, GUILTY (Aged 17.)
Sharpless, GUILTY (Aged 19.)
Of 


               stealing to the value of 10d.
            






               Transported for seven years
            .
Mansell, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
