






751. 
               
                  ANN FRANKLIN

               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d day of July
 last, one cotton frock, value 4 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Barnard 
                     Fitzpatrick
                  




               
            .


                  BARNARD
                   FITZPATRICK
               



             sworn.
About nine in the evening, on the 22d of July, my child was decoyed or taken away from my door; about an hour after he was brought back, found by a person who stopped the prisoner with him.
How long before had you seen the child? - About a quarter before nine; the child was dressed in a cotton frock.


                  ROBERT
                   SNOOK
               



             sworn.
I am a plater of silver. Coming down Cow-lane, I met the prisoner with the child; the child was crying, and said that was not the way home; I went up to her, and asked her whose child it was? she said it was her brother's; seeing the child without a frock, I asked her where the frock was? she made no answer; I saw the frock in her hands, and took it away from her, and delivered it to Roberts, a constable, who was coming by at the time; the frock was in her hands, almost covered with her apron: the constable has the frock.
Prisoner. I had not an apron on? - She had a checked apron on.
Court to Snook. The public are much indebted to you for your conduct in this case.


                  SAMUEL
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. I was coming along, and I saw a mob; I asked what was the matter? they said this woman had stripped a child; I took hold of her, and took the frock from her; an apron was brought to the watch-house, and she said it was her's.
(The frock produced.)
Court to prosecutor. Is that your child's frock? - Yes; here is my name on it, and a particular mark the child got on it by a cart-wheel.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been to receive a pension at the work-house; I belong to St. Andrew's parish; I have two children; coming along Cow-lane, I saw a mob, and asked what was the matter; and I took hold of the child, and they said I took the child; I know no more.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
