





410. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GRIMES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of February
, seventy-two pounds weight of pork, value 36 s. four pigs cheeks, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Coy
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   COY
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner. On the 27th of February, in the morning, I went to Leadenhall


, to buy meat; the prisoner asked me for a job; he is a porter
 in the market; I said, I had a small job; he said, he would take it: I gave him the things in the indictment, to take to No. 1, Great Spring-street, Shadwell; he did not carry them there: he was stopped; and notice of it was given from the magistrate's office; I went there, and saw the prisoner and the pork: the prisoner said he was drunk; he told me I should find the other things in a court in Ratcliffe-highway; and I found them according to his directions, in a drawer.


                  JOHN
                   THOMPSON
               



             sworn.
I am one of the headborough's of St. Catherine's. I received information on the 27th of February, from a neighbour; I went over, and saw the prisoner; he said, he brought it from Leadenhall, and was taking it to sell; I sent for a butcher, three doors off, to ask him the value; he first said five-pence, then a groat; I told him I believed he had not come honestly by it; I asked him where he lived; he hesitated a good while, and then he told me Ratcliffe-highway; he went with me, and carried the pork; when we came to the King's Arms, East Smithfield, facing the Rotation-office,I took him in there; he was detained on suspicion; one of the officers belonging to that office stuck up notice: the prisoner was much in liquor.


                  ANN
                   COY
               



             sworn.
I only know the pork did not come to our house; the prisoner came with me from the market, as far as Ship-alley


; then he went from me; I thought he was gone another way.
Prisoner. I was rather in liquor; and I pitched it, and dirtied it, and went to this house to wash it.
Thompson. The pork was a little dirty; not extraordinary clean; he told me he had dirtied it; he seemed much in liquor; but he said it was his own property.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Lord KENYON.
