





38. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SCULPHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of November
, two linen shirts, value 4s. two patched work bed quilts, value 2s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Oliphant
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   OLIPHANT
               



             sworn.
I lost a pair of linen sheets and a patched work bed quilt, on the 8th of November.
Q. What is the value of them? - Five shillings. On the 8th of November I was sitting by the fire with my wife between six and seven o'clock in the evening, and I heard the stumbling of a strange foot going up on the stair case of my own stairs, part of the house belongs to me, not all; I said to my wife, Polly, I hear, a strange foot going up stairs, I don't know who they are going to, and I says, I cannot think who it is, in about five or six minutes afterwards I said I cannot think who it is that went up stairs, I never heard that strange foot come down; my wife was mending stockings at the time; in about a minute or two after that the pulled the stocking off her arm and took the light and went up stairs, and she had not been long, before she called out, for God's sake take care of the woman that is coming down, for there is somebody in our garret; this was a woman coming down stairs that was with the prisoner, she was discharged. My wife met her coming down stairs, I ran to the back door and I had no light, and I knocked at the young woman's door that lives on the even floor, and I desired her to lend me a light, and she came immediately and I stopped the woman on the stairs.
Q. Did the other woman bring you a light? - Yes, she came with a light, I stopped the woman and asked her what business she had there? she said, she had come after a little hump backed man that lived in the garret, in the mean time the the man and my wife came down, he lived in the front garret.
Q. And what is the woman's name? - I cannot tell her name indeed.
Q. What did you do with her? - The justice discharged her, being on the stairs only.
Q. The woman then had nothing at all on her? - No, nothing. When he came down my wife said, that the sheets had been stripped off from one of the beds.
Q. Do you let lodgings? - I have two young men that lodged with me up in this garret; these sheets were taken from the bed where these men lodge. When my wife and the young woman went up to see what they took away, they found two sheets off one bed and the coverlid off my childrens bed.
Q. What reason have you to attribute this to the prisoner at the bar? - He was catched in the room, the things were all put in a bag at the foot of the bed that the two sheets were taken off from, and the coverlid was turned down.
Q. Do you know who that bag belonged to? - I don't indeed; there was only this man in the room; when my wife came down with the things, I then said we must send for an officer, the prisoner asked me to let him go into the yard, I let him go while the officer was sent for.
Q. Did you wait in the yard? - I waited in the entry, he came out of the yard with his breeches in his hands buttoningup, and when the officer came I gave charge of him.
Prisoner. Please you my lord I have rented that room ever since Whitsuntide.
Prisoner to Witness. Pray did I not, a week before this, come down to your wife, and say, Mrs Oliphant, there is your garret door open, and she said she was very much obliged to me for telling her of it.
Mrs. OLIPHANT sworn.
Q. Had the prisoner any connections with you in your house? - He lodged in the next garret.
Q. Did the prisoner come to you the week before, to tell you the garret door was open? - He did the Monday before, and I told him, I was greatly obliged to him for coming down to tell me. When my husband and I were sitting by the fire, we noticed a strange foot going up stairs; he says to me, Polly, that is some strange foot going up; I sat for the space of four, five, or it might be the value of six minutes, he said, Polly, I have not heard that strange foot coming down again; I sat a minute or two longer, I said nothing to my husband; I was mending stockings. I pulled the stocking off my arm, and took the candle and left him in the dark, and went up stairs; I went up to the one pair of stairs, and I saw nobody; I went up the second pair of stairs, and saw nobody; I went up about three or four of the garret stairs, and I heard somebody coming, and I looked up, and I saw it was a strange woman; I asked her what she wanted there? she could not cleverly make me any answer; at last, she said, she came up to a little hunchback man, that was to make her husband a bird cage; in the mean time, I was speaking to her, she kept going down stairs; I looked up, and I saw the garret door shut to; I called down to my husband, and desired him to stop the woman that was coming down, for there was somebody in the garret; he did stop her, in the mean time, I went up a little higher. my husband did not come up stairs, he stayed below, and took the woman; when I went up a little higher, I perceived the sheets off one of the beds in the garret, where a man lodged I followed after the prisoner; he came out of our garret, where the man lodged.
Q. You saw him coming out? - I did, and I called to my husband and I told him, I saw the sheets off one of the beds.
Q. Did he come up? - No, he did not; the prisoner at the bar went down, and I followed after him; my husband stopped the prisoner at the bottom of the stairs of all. A young woman that lives in a lower room of ours, quite in the bottom part -
Q. I thought your husband said, he called to a young woman at the first floor? - It was a mistake, it was on the ground floor. I went up with the young woman, and found the sheets and coverlid pulled off, they were all put in a bag, that is here now.
Q. Was any body else in the garret, but the prisoner? - None, but the prisoner. The prisoner was secured, and taken before a magistrate.
Q. Did you know, whose the bag was? - No, it was a strange bag.
Prisoner. Did you ever lose any thing before? - No.
Court. How long had the prisoner lodged in your house? - About three or four months.
Jury. You said, you saw the prisoner come out of the garret, where was you? - I was about half way up the stairs. I asked him what business he had there, for he had no business in that apartment, he made no answer, but kept going down stairs.



                  ELIZABETH
                   SHAW
               



             sworn.
I live on the ground floor at Mr. Oliphant's; Mr. Oliphant called for a light, I got up, and gave him a light; and I saw the prisoner standing at the bar coming down, Mrs. Oliphant asked me to go up stairs, and see what was taken away from the place; one bed was stripped of the sheets, and the other of a coverlid; they were put in a bag at the foot of the bed.


                  JOHN
                   GASS
               



             sworn.
Q. Where were these goods delivered to you? - In the lower room in the bag, by Mr. and Mrs. Oliphant.
Mrs. Oliphant. They are my property, they are the same things as I found in the bag in the garret.
Gass. I searched the prisoner and found nothing on him; Mr. Oliphant told me, he had been backward to the privy, I took a candle and went backward, and looked down the necessary, and I found this chissel.
Jury. Who threw it there? - I don't know; I put him in the cage; he had not been in above half an hour before he broke out, and we took him again in about half an hour.
Prisoner. I believe it to be all a piece of spite of Mr. Oliphant, the officer and all. Mr. Oliphant styles himself a cornchandler, when he deals in nothing but buying and selling of birds; and every Sunday, there are forty or fifty fellows up in this house; he gives them a shilling a-day to catch birds for him, and there are a matter of seven different lodgers. I acknowledge that night, I was in liquor. I went up to see if my wife was at home, going up stairs I stumbled and fell into the room, but as to the sheets or tick, I know nothing about. I never can think it is done for any thing more than a reward; they cast a man not long ago, just before this, and they went home with cockades in their hats.
Prosecutor. I work for one Mr. Peters, in Wells-street, for this fifteen years; I have lived where I do now, for this nineteen years, the fourth of next January; I am a watch finisher
, and as to knowing any thing about a reward, I know nothing about it; I never was in a court in my life before.
Court to Mrs. Oliphant. How was the door of the room? - The lock was out and forced, and I found this prisoner coming out of the room.



               GUILTY
            .(Aged 40.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
