





10. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     MINNING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of October
, a silver watch, value 30s. a steel watch chain, value 6d. a metal seal, value 2d. a steel watch key, value 1d. and a silk handkerchief, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Innis
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   INNIS
               



             sworn. - I am a mill-wright
: On Sunday night, the 16th of October, between nine and ten, I came into town from Hatfield; being a stranger in town, I went into a public-house in St. Giles's, and called for a pint of beer, and enquired for a lodging, the prisoner came in and told me she could get me a lodging if I would go with her; I went with her, I don't know the name of the street she took me to; I asked the landlady of the house what she charged, she said, a shilling, I paid her; the prisoner brought a light, and shewed me the room where I was to sleep, she left me, and came and took the candle away when I was in bed.
Q. Were you drunk or sober? - A. Sober as I am now; the silk handkerchief and my breeches with the watch in the fob were on a chair by the bed side; in the morning, between five and six, I found I was robbed of my watch and handkerchief; I lay in a back room to which I went through the front room; when I got up in the morning, I found the door of my room locked on the outside with a padlock, I made a noise at the door, and the servant came and opened it, she told me nobody had been in the room but the prisoner; she went up stairs, and the prisoner came down and abused me in a very gross manner, she took a case knife in her hand, and threatened to take my life, if I offered to accuse her of any thing of the kind; I told her I did not accuse any body, but my watch I had lost since I came into the house; I went for a constable, and had her taken up, the constable found nine shillings and three-pence upon her, and the silk handkerchief at a pawnbroker's, he shewed it me the next day, the 17th, the watch has never been found.


                  THOMAS
                   MUMFORD
               



             sworn. - I live in Bow-street, I am assistant to the officers; On the 17th of October, about eleven o'clock, the prosecutor came to me, and told me he was robbed; I went with him to a house in Dyor-street; we stopped some time below stairs, and the prisoner came in, he said, she was the woman that shewed him the lodging; I searched her, and found in her pocketa nutmeg-grater and this duplicate, by the direction of which, I went with the prosecutor to the pawn-brokers, and found the handkerchief, the pawn-broker brought the handkerchief down to the Magistrates, and the woman was committed, the watch was never found, I found some money upon her.
GEORGE DOBREE sworn. - I am a pawn-broker, at No. 135, High-Holborn; the prisoner pawned this handkerchief with me the 17th of October, between ten and eleven in the morning, I lent her a shilling upon it, I have had it ever since; I know the prisoner, I am sure she is the person that brought it. (The handkerchief was produced in Court, and deposed to by the prosecutor).
Prisoner's defence. I was standing at the corner of Dyot-street, the prosecutor asked me to go and have a pint of beer in the public-house, I went, and we had two pots of beer, and he asked me to take him to my lodgings, I took him home, and he gave me a shilling for his bed; he said, he would give me two shilling to sleep with me, he gave me but one, and gave me the handkerchief for the other; I went to bed with him, but he behaved so rude and indecent, I could not stay in the bed with him; I went up stairs and slept by myself, and in the morning I pawned the handkerchief for the other shilling, as he had given me but one; when I was taken, they knocked me down, and used me very ill, I was eight months gone with-child, and their usage occasioned the death of the child; I had 12s. in money they took from me.


                  Q. 
               


            (To the Prosecutor). Had you any connection with the woman? - A. None at all.
Q. Did you give her the money or the handkerchief? - A. No, I did not; I did not give her a penny.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 26.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
