





126. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BARTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d day of January
, three wooden inlaid tea-caddies, value 15 s. a linen shirt, a pair of silk stockings, &c, value 20 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Meymott
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   MEYMOTT
               



             sworn.
I live in Moorfields


; I am a broker
: I missed the articles on the 23d of January; they were in my back-room, in a bookcase; I have not seen them since Christmas: I went to the pawnbrokers in the neighbourhood; I went to Mr. Davis's, the corner of Widegate-alley; I found one oval tea-caddy, pawned in the name of Barton: I went to Clarke's, and found an octagon one, pledged in the same name; I then apprehended the prisoner; he was my hairdresser; he confessed; there was nothing said to induce him to confess: when it was discovered, he said he had taken a single one, and hoped we would look over it; when I informed him that I knew more of it, he confessed a second, and then a third: the prisoner had access to my kitchen, which is up stairs: we were directed by the prisoner to go to Mr. Clinker's, and there we found another; and at Purse's we found stockings and a shirt: he is a journeyman
; he confessed taking the things out of the book-case.


                  RICHARD
                   SHARE
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Davis
               



            , a pawnbroker: on the 24th of December, the prisoner at the bar brought this caddy; I lent him 2 s. he said his name was Barton, and that he lived in Old Bethlehem; I am sure he is the man.


                  EDWARD
                   SPENCER
               



             sworn.
On the 5th of December last I took this caddy in of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Barton
               



            ; I lent him 2 s. 6 d. he said he lived in Old Bethlehem: on the 31st of December I took in a pair of silk stockings; I lent him 2 s. 6 d.: a shirt pledged on the 4th of January, I did not receive it.



                  WILLIAM
                   WAKEFIELD
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to 
               
                  Alexander
                   Purse
               



            , at London-wall: I produce a pair of silk stockings, pledged in the name of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Barton
               



            , on the 12th of December; a pair of worsted ditto, 1 s. 17th of December; a shirt in November.
- CLINKER sworn.
The prisoner pledged this caddy on the 10th of December.


                  THOMAS
                   ATWELL
               



             sworn.
I am a constable: I searched the prisoner, and found these duplicates.
(Meymott deposes to the property.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Mr. Meymott sent for me to my lodgings, and told me he could be of service to me, and then said he must have a warrant to search my lodgings; I told him he need not be at the trouble; I gave him my key, and they found the duplicates; I bought the caddies of various people that hawk them about Moorfields.
(The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a very good character.)



               GUILTY
            , (Aged 29.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
