





722. 
               
                  ANNA
                   (
                  wife
 of WILLIAM) WILKINSON
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th day of September
 last, one pair of leather boots, value 20 s. three pair of leather shoes, value 12 s. and one pair of stuff shoes, value 6 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Huckel
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  JOHN
                   LEWIN
               



             sworn.
Do you know the nature of an oath? - Yes.
Did you ever take an oath? - Yes; before the grand jury.
What will become of you if you speak false? - I shall go to the naughty man. Mr. Huckel is my master. The prisoner sent me out for liquor; she sent me out frequently for liquor: she was known to the family; her mother was nurse in it: nobody was left in the shop while I was sent out: my master cautioned me of it, and told me, when she sent me out again, to go for the gentleman next door, which I did; his name is Mr. Adams.
- ADAMS sworn.
I am a victualler. On Monday, the 20th of September, the boy fetched me: I went into the shop, and Mr. Harper and me found the woman sitting down in the shop; I told her, I suspected her; and we searched her in the parlour, and found these pair of shoes, and a quantity of duplicates, of boots and shoes that were in pawn; the shoes she was pushing up behind her stays; these are the duplicates: we found four pair of shoes, and a pair of boots: the boots were pawned at Mr. Brown's for nine shillings.


                  EDWARD
                   HARPER
               



             sworn.
I lodge in the prosecutor's house. On Monday, the 20th of September, I was called down stairs about the middle of the day; I found the prisoner in the shop: I waited some little time, and Mr. Adams searched her with me; and I found a pair of shoes under her arm, and some tickets, which I gave immediately to Mr. Adams.
Adams. I have kept them ever since.


                  RICHARD
                   NORTHERS
               



             sworn.
I am a shoe-maker: I made two of these pair of shoes, and these pair of boots.
JOHN BROWN sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Brown of Long Acre. I took in a pair of shoes of the prisoner.


                  JOHN
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I produce one pair of stuff shoes, and two of leather, which I took of the prisoner at three different times: I have no doubt of the prisoner: the 30th of August, and the 9th and 11th of September; I lent her two shillings a pair on them; these three duplicates (which were found on the prisoner)belonged to me: I have kept the shoes ever since.
Northers. I made these two pair of leather, but not the stuff ones.
Prosecutor. These stuff shoes are mine; I made some part of them: I was teaching a young lad to work: I had not sold them: they were made for a servant in Gerrard-street: the three pair of leather shoes are mine; they were for sale in my shop; and I made some part of those leather shoes myself: these boots I can only tell by the man's work; I had not sold them: the man only made this one pair; that man is gone into the country: the lowest value of the boots is sixteen shillings, and the shoes, one pair, is two shillings and six-pence, and another pair two shillings and six-pence.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
This little boy came to me where I lived servant: he has known me ten or eleven years: I told him I was coming from my place; and one day he came and said, he had heard of a place, and bid me call at their house; I called, and the place was gone; the prosecutor was within; I asked him to measure me for a pair of shoes; I bid him send them to me: they did not come: I called again; the child said, they were not done; I called again, and the prosecutor tried them on, and they were too large: I called several times after, and they were not done: on the Monday morning the child said, he would give me a pack of cards, and I sat down, and he asked me for something to drink, for his master half starved him; I sent him for some peppermint, and went away; and these shoes that the gentleman has sworn to, I bought of a Jew, for half-a-crown, in the street, and had them in my right hand pocket.
Court to prosecutor. Is it true that this woman came at different times for shoes? - She came twice.
Are you sure all these things were in your shop? - Yes.
Do you never carry any of your property out of the shop? - No.
Have you no back room? - Yes.
Do you never leave any of your goods in that back room? - No.
(The boots shewn to the jury.)




               GUILTY, value 4 s
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
