





72. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ROBOTHAM
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing one hundred and four pounds of raw sugar, value 3l. 3s. and an hempen bag; value 9d.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Newman
               



             and 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Thwaites
               



            .


                  WILLIAM
                   JACKSON
               



             sworn.
I am warehouseman to the prosecutors, Messrs. Newman and Thwaites, grocers

, in Fenchurch-street; the prisoner was a porter
 in our house. On Saturday, the 26th of December, I had some reason to suspect the prisoner, and kept a watchful eye upon him; in the afternoon I observed him in a particular part of the warehouse, where he had noright to be. About five in the evening, I saw him go into a dark corner, and stay longer than he had a right to stay; he had not business there at all. About half after five or a quarter before six, as I was in the counting-house, I heard the door open, I thought the prisoner had gone out; I went out at a different door of the warehouse, and went round some houses, and up an alley that leads to that door, expecting to meet the prisoner with something, but I met with nobody. I came to the warehouse door, and saw a hole where some bricks were taken out. I then looked through the railings of some pallisadoes that goes into a church-yard, and saw a bag lying in the burying-ground close to the wall of our railing; I got over the railing, and felt the bag with my hand on the outside, and it convinced me there was sugar from the feel; it struck me who put it there; I went and looked in the hogshead I suspected it to come out of, and there was about one hundred weight gone, and the mark of a canvas bag in the sugar, which I never before observed in a hogshead, and the marks of a sist which had been put under the bag to take it up, the sugar was all dug out in one place; I had looked at the hogshead several times in the afternoon, and it appeared to be in the same state that it was the day before.


                  Q. 
               


            Before this time you had not observed any taken out? - A. No; not out of that hogshead; about seven o'clock I told Mr. Thwaits what had happened; and set a person to watch who came to take it away; about ten o'clock at night we paid the men their wages, and they went away, and the prisoner among them the rest; I went to a neighbour's house Mr. Hales's, at the bottom of the alley, and, in about twenty minutes, I heard a noise at the top of the alley; I ran out, and three or four of our men had the prisoner and the bag in custody; he had conveyed his knot, privately, out of the warehouse, to carry it away; I saw his knot in the warehouse at nine o'clock.
Q. As you stood at Mr. Hales's house, could you see the knot in the church-yard? - A. No.
Q. Did you take such notice of the bag, when you saw it in the church-yard, as to know it to be the same bag when you saw it afterwards? - A. I saw it before, in the morning, in the warehouse, and I could swear to the bag; it was a new bag; it had never been used in our business; if it had been an old bag, I should not have observed it so much; a new bag had no business there; we sent for a watchman; he was asked, what was in the bag; he said sugar: I said, John, is there any thing else in the bag; he said, no; I asked him, where he was going to carry it; he said, he would not tell me; I took a piece of the sugar out in my hand, it was so like the sugar in the hogshead that, I believe, I could swear to it from circumstances.
Q. Can you swear to the bag? - A. Yes; it was our bag.
Q. How much was contained in the bag? - A. It was weighed, and there was three-quarters and twenty-three pounds; three pounds were taken off for the bag; and there was one hundred and four pounds of sugar; it is in the constable's possession.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You kept a watchfull eye over this man, but saw him do nothing? - A. No; I did not.
Q. You saw a bag by a hogshead, and thought it a strange thing? - A. It had no business there.
Q. Did you examine the bag? - A. I took it up twice.
Q. Was there any mark upon it? - A. I don't know.
Q. Having taken it up twice, and without knowing whether it has any mark, you swear to this bag which has a mark? - A. I could swear to the bag; I cannot swear to it in its present state, it has been so tumbled about; when it was produced, I knew it; it was a new bag; I could swear to it from the complexion of it.
Q. Is not the complexion of it the complexion of every new bag? - A. No.
Q. Are not such bags in common use? - A. I never saw such a bag out of our shop; I am told they are used to bring corn from abroad.
Q. Have you any other reason to swear to this bag, than that it was a new bag, and the bag you saw by the hogshead was a new bag? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            No.


                  JOHN
                   BELL
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to Messrs. Newman and Thwaits: On the 26th of December, about half past ten o'clock at night, I, in company with several other persons, took 
               
                  John
                   Robotham
               



            , at the head of Tabernacle-alley, coming from the church-yard.
Q. Did you see where he took the bag from? - A. No.
Q. Do you know who that bag of sugar belongs to of your own knowledge? - A. No.


                  JOHN
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Messrs. Newman and Thwaits: I was watching the sugar in the church-yard; at near half after ten at night I saw a man get over the church-yard gate; he went near to the bag, and then turned back, and looked down the passage that he came up; he came back and got hold of the bag, and I went and alarmed the people below; I went down stairs as quick as I could, and they had seized him in the passage, when I got there.
Q. Is Tabernacle-alley the passage you mean? - A. I don't know the name of the passage.

Q. Was it the same man you saw that was seized? - A. Yes; there was no other man in the church-yard; I came up in about three minutes and saw the prisoner and the sugar, in the custody of Bell and Hodson.
Q. When the man got over the gate, could you see who it was? - A. No; I could not; I believe it was the prisoner; I could see him in the church-yard.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You told us you believed it was the prisoner, because there was no other person by? - A. I swear positively, he was in the church-yard.
Q. Do you mean to say you are certain, because there was only one person in the church-yard, and the prisoner was the man you saw in the alley? - A. I saw him in the church-yard.
Q. There is another sugar-house on the other side of the church-yard, belonging to another person? - A. Not that I know of.


                  WILLIAM
                   HODSON
               



             sworn.
I saw the bag lying in the church-yard, and I took the prisoner with the bag upon him; I did not see who took it up.
Q. This alley was no thoroughfare? - A. No.
Q. Did you observe where the man came from, when you took him? - A. He was coming from the church-yard; he was lifting the bag on his knot; when I first saw him there was a mark where the bag was put over the pallisadoes; Mr. William Jackson asked him where he was going to take it to, and he said, he would not tell him.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You saw a man pick up a bag, on this side the church-yard? - A. Yes.
Q. How many persons are employed in your warehouse? - A. I don't know.
Q. How many porters? - A. Eleven.
Q. There is a sugar warehouse on the other side of the church-yard? - A. I believe there is.
Q. Might it not be thrown into the church-yard from the other sugar-house? - A. No, I believe not.
Q. Might it not be thrown from a window of the other sugar-house? - A. I don't know that there are any windows of that sugar-house looking into the church-yard.
Q. Will you swear that there are not twenty windows that look into the church-yard? - A. I don't know that there are any.
Q. If there are any windows, might it not be thrown from there, as well as from your warehouse? - A. No, not in that place.


                  THOMAS
                   THROWSBY
               



             sworn.(Produces the bag of sugar). I received this bag from Messrs. Newman and Thwaites, in Fenrchurch-street: I have had it in my custody ever since.
Mr. Thwaites. I can swear to it as much as any person can swear to sugar; I examined the hogshead; Jackson has more knowledge of it than me; I can swear I firmly believe it to be ours.
Q. (To Jackson.) Can you swear to the sugar? - A. It is impossible for a person to swear to it; I firmly believe it is Messrs. Newman and Thwaites; it is a particular sort of sugar.
Q. Can you swear the bag you saw taken from the church-yard, and found upon this man's head, was a bag of your master's? - A. Yes; I can swear to it positively.
Q. Supposing the sugar was out of the bag, could you swear to the bag being your master's property? - A. Yes; I could.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. If you had seen the sugar in my house, could you swear to it? - A. I cannot say I could.
Q. As to the bag, is there any mark by which you could swear to it? - A. No; only the impression it made upon me.
Q. By what did you know it was your master's bag? - A. By the impression it made upon me.
Prisoner. I leave my defence with my counsel.(The prisoner called five witnesses, who gave him a good character).




               GUILTY, Of stealing the bag
            . (Aged 33.)
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.




[Transportation. See summary.]


