






120. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing on the 11th of December
, two cart wheels, value 12s. an iron axle tree, value 5s. and two iron pins, called clinch pins, value 2d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Hewitson
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   HEWITSON
               



             sworn.
I am a green grocer and costermonger
, sells greens about the street. On the 11thof December last I put my cart up against a turnpike where it usually stands, and when I got up in the morning my cart was gone. I put it in the Curtain road behind the turnpike, it joins Old-street-road.
Q. Do you know the day of the week? - Wednesday. I put it there as nigh as I can guess about ten o'clock on Thursday afternoon; the next day I went to get some sprats, and I saw two acquaintance who told me that they saw the axle tree, as they thought, to sell in Longalley. I went there, when I came there I looked at it, and I saw it was my axle-tree, it was at a broker's shop and iron shop together; it was to sell at the door, the man of the house was not at home, his wife was; when he came home I asked them how long he had that axle tree? he said he bought it last night. I sent for a constable and gave him charge of the axle tree and the man.
Q. Did this shopkeeper recommend you to the prisoner? - Yes, they told me they lived at number 4, Long-alley, and I had the prisoner taken up the same evening about a quarter of an hour afterwards.
Q. Did you find any thing else besides this axle tree? - Yes, I lost the wheels, they were found, but they were fresh painted; I could not swear particularly to them.
Q. Did not you miss the whole cart? - No, only the wheels and axle tree, the body of the cart was left behind, the two clinch pins were two nails.
Q. Where did you find the wheels? -  The officer found them.
WILLIAM DARR sworn.
I keep a little broker's shop and deal in iron and rags in Long-alley.
Q. Did you receive an axle tree at any time? - Yes, I bought it and some old iron. I bought it the 11th of last month, Wednesday evening, between the hours of five and six.
Q. Was it brought to your house? - Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            Who was it brought by? - By the prisoner who stands now at the bar.
Q. Did they both come with it? - Yes, I paid for it at the rate of eight shillings and sixpence per hundred, it is a very fair market price.
Q. Did you know either of these men? - No otherwise than by sight. I questioned them where they came from? they told me they came from No.4, Long-alley, where I had bought iron of them twice before from No. 4, but this axle tree and iron they brought to me.
Q. Did you ever see them at this No.4, yourself? - I see them when I bought the iron, no other time.
Q. How much did you pay them? - I paid them four shillings and seven pence; the axle tree weighed forty nine pounds weight, and there was eleven pounds weight besides, it was two quarters and four pounds weight, I paid the money to the eldest, to Smith.
Q. Who did you understand the iron to belong to? - I understood they brought it from No.4, where I bought it before; the axle tree is here, I delivered it to the constable.
Q. Was you taken up for this at all? - The runners took me up to the office.
Q. Who did you give first an account of this to? - The first account the man owned his property at public sale, I told the man where I got it from, I went with them to the office, I suppose they would have taken me into custody if I had not produced the man.


                  JOHN
                   RAY
               



             sworn.
I am a police officer at Shoreditch. On the 12th of last month, the prosecutor came to the office and informed me that he lost a pair of wheels and iron axle tree, and that he had just seen the iron axle tree at an old iron shop; I went incompany with Mr. Ferris to the old iron shop, he told me if it was his axle tree, there was a little hole in the end of the sides; on examining it there was a little hole, and I took the axle tree directly, and took it to the office; I asked Barr, who keeps the old iron shop, who he bought it of? he said he bought it of two hackney coachmen. I asked him if he knew where they lived? he said they lived at such a house, at No.4, I went immediately to this house with Mr. Ferris, I went and knocked at the door and asked the woman if such people lodged or lived in that house? She said yes, they had lodged there about a week ago, and had not been there since; says I, that will not satisfy me, I shall take the liberty of looking round your premises, and I went and looked round and I pushed against the door of the necessary, and I found it was fastened, and I pushed against it and opened it, and there I found both the prisoners concealed, I took them to the public house adjoining the office, and sent for the old iron man and he came; I have kept the axle tree ever since.
Q. Do you know any thing about the wheels? - I asked the prisoners where they lodged, they told me at St. Giles's, I found that was not true, I could not find out the lodgings that night, the next morning there came an old man to the office to enquire after them, by that means I found out where they lodged; I and Mr. Ferris found a key on Smith, to the best of my knowledge Ferris found that was the key of their apartment, in Bolt-court, Shoreditch, we went there, and there we found in their apartment, two wheels fresh painted.
Q. Is there any body here that proves that to be there apartment? - Here is the man that lived there; the wheels were taken to the office, and they have been in my possession ever since; the prosecutor said he could not swear to them, being fresh painted, the paint was not dry on them, and they were searched up against the fire to dry, there had been a great fire to dry them.
Q. Did you ever hear either of the prisoners say that that was the key of the lodgings, that let you into the lodgings? - Yes.
Q. Did you ever hear either of the prisoners say whole lodgings they were? - No.
Q. Were they both present when the key was taken? - Yes, both of them, they were both together when the key was taken from them, we asked them whether that was not the key of their apartment? they said no, it was not; when the man that they took the apartment of came to the office, he said they both lodged there.
Hewitson. I know this axle tree by a piece being chipped out by the side of it.
Q. How came you to make that observation, had you ever observed it before? - Yes, I had seen it before.
Q. Have you any doubt about it? - It is my axle tree, I am sure of it.


                  RICHARD
                   FERRIS
               



             sworn.
I was with the witness, Ray, he was with me all the time.


                  Q. 
               


            Can you say of whom you took the key? - It was taken from Williams, I asked him where he lived? and he would not tell for a long time, at last he said it was in St. Giles's, but that was not true.
Prisoner Williams. I bought this property of one 
               
                  John
                   Lions
               



            , who used to porter, and move peoples goods.
Prisoner Smith. The prosecutor mentioned that the night that these were lost, that his wife saw it all safe at twelve o'clock, he said so at the office, we have got witnesses of it.
Prisoner Williams. Then he said afterwards that he saw it safe at nine o'clock, as he was carrying his sparts.
Hewitson. I never said so.

Q. Did you ever say that you saw it at twelve o'clock at night? - Mr. Pointer, who keeps the road, he said that he saw the wheels on the road at twelve o'clock.


                  JOHN
                   COLLINGS
               



             sworn.
I am a millwright and press-maker; I heard the prosecutor say as to the wheels he could not swear to, but as to the axle tree, he believed, by his mark, that he could swear to, but he was not positively sure, one axle tree was like another; he said he believed it was missing between eight and nine at night.
Q. Did he say when he had seen them last? - Between eight and nine, but Mr. Barr said that he had bought it before six o'clock; 
               
                  John
                   Williams
               



            's mother applied to Mr. Barr, in order to settle up the matter, Mr. Barr thought it might be settled for a trisle, he said the axle tree weighed forty-seven pounds, and he gave four shillings for it, therefore by that we called upon two or three people of their acquaintance, they said if we would pay them the value of four guineas that they would let every thing go quiet; Barr and Hewitson were together, and two other old men were with them.
Q. Were the prisoners present? - No, because they were then in Newgate.
Q. Was the mother of Williams present? - The mother was there all the time, I told him the poor mother could not pay that money. I knew the father-in-law of the other young man, I told them I would speak about that matter, but he would not do any thing; as to Williams he is a very honest young man, I have known him fourteen years, his father was a millwright, his father worked with me for a time, the prisoner he might be a millwright, he might be a smith, he might be several businesses, I knew him to live at two different public houses.


                  SARAH
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn.
I am the mother of Thomas Williams, the prisoner.
Q. Did you make any application about your son? - Hewitson and Barr offered to make the matter up for four guineas, I told them I had not the money, if I was to make away with every thing that I had in the world.
Q. Where was it they offered to make it up? - At the public house.
Q. Was the last witness there? - Yes.
Q. Is he related to either of the prisoners? - No relation.
Q. Is he an acquaintance of your's? - Yes, he has known me for two years, my husband and all the whole family.
Q. What was it to be made up for? - For four guineas.
Q. Was the prisoner in Newgate? - Yes.
Q. Did you go to meet the prosecutor, Hewitson? - I went to them to hear what they had got to say, they sent us on to the public house, and they came to us.
Q. Now I ask you whether the application was made by these people, the prosecutor, or by you? - It was by the father-in-law of the other young man, Smith, his name is Graham, he made the application, it was he sent me to tell them that he would give four guineas if his son was sent for an East India soldier, but he would not disburse a farthing, without he was sent for an East India soldier.
Q. Then the prosecutor, Hewitson, and Barr did not make any application to you to make it up, but you made the application to him? - And I had not the money, and so there was an end of it, if they had the money they agreed to settle it all, and no further trouble about it.

ABEL NEAVES sworn.
I am a carpenter; I keep a little house; I have known Williams ever since he came to lodge with me, two years ago, within a few days, he followed blacksmiths work, he always behaved well, and paid me very honest; I heard the woman and man say when I went down along with Williams's mother at the public house, that the property was all safe at the cart, at nine o'clock at night.
Court to Hewitson. Did you ever offer to make it up for four guineas? - No.
Q. Is that false that has been sworn by the woman and man? - I will tell you the truth. This here man in white, and the woman came down to my house, and I was harnessing my horse, and going out, they came to me and said, Hewitson, will you make it up? says I, I cannot do it; you fool says he, it is only to make a slaw in the indictment, it is only a matter of form, you can go and clear them; they never bid me four guineas, I will take my affidavit it is false.
Court to Barr. Was there any agreement to make it up for four guineas, was there such an agreement took place, to make it up, if they had the money? - No, I never heard a word about the kind.
Q. Did this man, Hewitson, the prosecutor, ever say that he saw the cart at nine o' clock? - I am sure I never heard Hewitson, he said he carried his cart there Wednesday evening, but I never heard the time.
Q. It is represented to me that he said it was there by nine, and you said it was sold to you before six? - That is all false.


                  Thomas
                   Williams
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .(Aged 18)


                  James
                   Smith
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
