





245. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CASEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of February
, in the parish of St. Ann, Westminster, three woollen blankets, value 10 s. one woollen rug, value 10 s. two pieces of cotton, value 5 s. and a man's cloth coat, value 5 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Clarke
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I live in King-street, St. Ann's


: I am a silk dyer and callico glazier
. Last Friday, a little after one o'clock, I left my house; and at my return home, I was alarmed by my shop being robbed; I missed several things, which are in the indictment; the prisoner was my hired servant
: I went to the prisoner's lodgings, which were at his mother's; he was gone out to dinner, before I left the shop; I searched his lodgings, and found nothing; on the next day, I received a message from him at Whitechapel; I went to him; he was in the round-house; from which, he was taken before Justice Staples, and committed. Braybroke had my property at the office; I had seen them in my shop just before I went out, particularly the blankets, rug, and two pieces of cotton; they were all clean; the cotton was to be glazed, and the coat was to be cleaned and scoured.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. How long hath he lived with you? - About three weeks.
He had been used to carry out goods by your order and other persons? - On that very day I sent him out with four blankets, which he pawned.
- BRAYBROKE sworn.
I keep a public-house in Whitechapel; about four in the afternoon, this day week,the prisoner at the bar came in a coach to my door, and stopt; I went out to see who it was; and an oldish man opened the door outside of the coach; and the prisoner at the bar seemed asleep in the coach; as far as I know, by himself; and he came into my kitchen, and asked for a pint of beer; I told him to walk into the tap-room; he said he would have a pint of beer in the kitchen, or he would go somewhere else: I told him to go about his business, as he was very much in liquor; he then went to the coach door, and the bundle was pulled out of the coach; which I did not see when he first got out; there was two, one small one, and this here, and a piece of linen; I felt of it, and found it a little damp; I asked him how he came by it; he bid me ask his a - , by which I suspected him; and told him, if he would send for his master, he should have the things again; I then laid hold of him; and he was a little obstropulous, and wanted to get away; with that, I gave charge of him to 
               
                  Joseph
                   Nash
               



            , to aid and assist me; and sent my boy to the rotation-office to give notice: he had an hearing the next day; he was sent to the watch-house; and I had the care of the bundles till the next day, when some were taken away by the master; and I kept the rest in my custody. His master came down the next day to the rotation-office; he told me his master was his brother.
Mr. Garrow. Was this man sober? - No; very much in liquor.
Was there any body else with him? - A man of the name of Davis.


                  JOSEPH
                   NASH
               



             sworn.
Mr. Braybroke sent for me from the office to assist him: I secured 
               
                  John
                   Casey
               



            , with the assistance of Mr. Taylor, who was in the house.


                  DAVID
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I know nothing farther than assisting the officer in securing 
               
                  John
                   Casey
               



            .


                  STEPHEN
                   CALLAGIN
               



             sworn.
I manage business for Mr. Clarke; I saw the blanket in the shop at one o'clock, the time I usually go to dinner, and the rug; the piece of cotton I helped him to fold in the morning of that day: the prisoner is employed in the glazing part of the business; and the coat I had put stuff on to take the powder off the neck and collar.
- NORMANTON sworn.
I was fourteen years old last Thursday, I am Mr. Clarke's apprentice: the prisoner returned from dinner a little before two; he came back as from dinner, and told me he was going to Kensington, and asked me what No. he was to go to with the three blankets and rug I told him, No. 3 (they were brought from there); and that he was not to go before the foreman came in, because there were more things to go that way; he said he must go; I did not see him go, or take the rug, or see any coach; but I found he was gone.
(The things produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been out with different parcels before in the morning; and I understood that when I returned, I was to go with this parcel; I then took these blankets all folded up, not knowing what they were; and drinking too much, and not knowing what I was doing, I called a coach, and told him, as far as I can recollect, to drive home to my master's house; instead of that, he drove me to Whitechapel, where I had never been before.
The prisoner called eight witnesses who gave him a very good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
