





415. 
               
                  
                     AGNES 
                     DAVISON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of May
, a pair of corderoy breeches, value 5s. a silk handkerchief, value 12d. a silver watch, value 30s. a steel chain, value 4s. a silver seal, value 12d. a silk purse, value 1d. a cotton handkerchief, value 1d. sixty-three guineas, three pieces of foreign money, called Zealand dollars, value 6s. and another piece of foreign money, value 3s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Haak 
                           Wiard
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Agnes
                         Davison
                     



.


                  HAAK
                   WIARD
               



             sworn.
I am a foreigner; I went out in company on the 26th of May, and liquor overtook me; I got astray, and some strange body picked me up, I cannot tell who it was, I was so much in liquor; my company left me, we were somewhere in the outskirts of the town, playing at skittles, and we all got a little groggy; the next morning I found myself in a strange room by myself.
Q. How do you know you were picked up? - A. I was in a strange place where I never was before, and I could not come there by myself; I laid down in a sort of a bed, the door was open, and the key sticking into it; when I awoke it was about six o'clock in the morning, when I searched, I found my breeches were gone with all that was in them, there was a purse in them with sixty-three guineas; misfortune had been preparing me for bad luck, it was my own money, I brought it from abroad, and I lost a silver watch with a gold chain, and a silver seal, three dollars of the Zealand coin, and a Portuguese piece, and some shillings, I cannot tell how many.
Q. And you got dead drunk with all the property in your pocket? - A. Yes.
Q. When had you last observed this property in your pocket? - A. When I was at play in the afternoon; I made an enquiry who rented that room where I found myself in, and they all agreed it was a young woman, not very tall, a Scotch woman; I went and informed the constable of the parish of it, and he went and gave some notice of it; I don't know any thing of the prisoner at all.
Jury. Q. We wish to ask him, if, when he left his friends, he was sober enough to know that he had his money then? - A. Yes, I am sure I had it then; but coming in the air, I was very hot, and the liquor overtook me.
Q. Did you pay any thing when you came away? A. No, I did not.


                  SUSANNAH
                   MORGAN
               



             sworn.
The prisoner at the bar gave me a parcel to keep while she went to the office in Hatton-Garden; I never saw her before, till I saw her at our house, the Rose, in Hatton-Wall, she gave it me in our back kitchen.
Q. How did she come there? - A. A coachman brought her there.
Q. Did she come in a coach? - A. No; it wasabout five o'clock in the evening, I cannot tell what day of the month it was, it was on a Friday.
Q. Do you know what was in it? - A. No, I never opened it; I put it into a cupboard; she came back again about eight o'clock, and I gave it to her again.
Q. Did you acquaint any body that she had given you this parcel? - A. No; I did not say any thing to any body.
Q. What was the cupboard you put it into usually made use of for? - A. For plates and dishes.
Q. Did not you think it strange, that a person you never saw before should give you a parcel to take care of for her? - A. I did not know what it was.


                  WILLIAM
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Hatton-Garden: On the 27th of May, the prisoner at the bar came to the office, and said, she was robbed; she was very much in liquor; she said, a coachman had robbed her of fifteen guineas; the coachman was examined before the Magistrate, and was committed to be brought up the next morning; I went with her to tell her landlady to keep her sober till next morning, it was in East-Smithfield, in a court full of lodgers; I don't know whose house it is, I went only to take her home, as she was so much in liquor; I had no suspicion of her having robbed any body, she told me, first of all, she lived in Hermitage-street; going along in the coach, she asked me where I was going with her, I told her, I was going to see her home; she told me she had robbed a foreigner, she was very drunk at that time, and she told me she would give me a watch and two guineas to go back with her to the Rose, in Hatton-Wall; I said, I thought you told me you had no money; she said, she had got some at that house; when we came back to the Rose, in a coach, she went backwards; I saw the girl, the last witness, hand a parcel across to her, so I sprang in, and said, I insisted upon having that parcel, I brought it out into the tap-room, it was rolled up in a dirty handkerchief, and I told out forty guineas, two half guineas, and a watch, and I think 18s. in silver, three dollars, and a Portuguese piece; I asked the Magistrate to put the office seal upon it, which was done, and it has been there ever since, (produces it).
Prosecutor. This is my watch, I know it by the seal and the string, it is an English made watch, and a Dutch paper in it, where it was cleaned, in Amsterdam; the gold was in a purse; these dollars are the same sort that I lost; these are my purses, one of them was broke, and I know it by the colour.


                  GEORGE
                   LONGDEN
               



             sworn.
I was sent for by the prisoner to take a coachman in custody, who had robbed her of fifteen guineas; I went to the Rose, in Hatton-Wall, and there the coachman was, and upon searching him, I found eleven guineas and sixpence, and three-pence in halfpence, (produces them); I took him down to our office, and I was bound over to prosecute the coachman.
Prisoner. The coachman confessed he took the money from me, and offered the constable five guineas to let him go.
Witness. There was something similar to that; the coachman said, he would give me five guineas to let him escape.(The prisoner, in her defence, said, it was given to her by a country woman of her's).
Brown. My Lord, she told me, when I was taking her down to Bridewell, that if she could find out this man, she would give him the money again, for it would do her no good.
Q. Did she say she had it from another person? - A. No; she said it was a foreigner's money.




               GUILTY, of stealing the goods, but not in the dwelling-house
            , (Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before
The LORD CHIEF BARON.
