






57. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     YOUNG
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAVIS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of December
, five pieces of wood called log-wood, value 1 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Frederick 
                     Rash
                  



               
            .
A second COUNT on the same charge laying it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Springle
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   PEATE
               



             sworn.
I am one of the trinity officers; on Sunday morning the 2d of December, between five and six, I was coming from Rotherhithe in a boat, and I saw the two prisoners, Davis and Young, in a boat coming down the river; I was going up; perceiving the boat very deep in the water, I ordered the waterman to row towards them; accordingly they rowed directly over for the other shore to Wapping; I am sure they observed me; we then came very near to them, and before we could board the boat, the prisoner Young jumped over-board, and says, you bugger now catch me if you can; he endeavoured then to swim towards the other shore, towards Rotherhithe-stairs; we then came close to the boat and perceiving it to be loaded with log-wood; Davis would have jumped over-board likewise, but the waterman catched him by the coat, and called him by his name; he attemptedto jump, and got up on purpose to do it; and I told him, I would shoot him if he did; we then rowed immediately after Young to pick him up out of the water, and told him to swim to the boat, or I would blow his brains out; he swam to the boat and got hold of the stern; we then took him into the boat and then we rowed after Davis who had got the property in the boat; we overtook him; we then took both of them together over to Shadwell watch-house, and there they remained till Monday morning, when they had a hearing before the justice. There was thirteen pieces of log-wood in the boat; I took it to Shadwell, and by order of the justice put it into a warehouse, where it was locked up; some of them weigh about an hundred weight a piece; we have got two pieces here, we marked it so as to know it again; on one piece we put the broad R, with a knife.
Prisoner Young. Before they took this load from us, they had got another skiff load of wood which they took from two men. - We had not, we had nothing but my blunderbuss and cutlas; our business is to go up and down the river to keep peace and quietness.
Prisoner Davis. I never attempted to jump over-board. - He did attempt to jump over the boat's head.


                  WILLIAM
                   MAXWELL
               



             sworn.
I was rowing the officer up, as we were rowing up, they were coming down; as soon as they saw our boat coming they shot over towards the other side of the water; both of them pulling toward Wapping; by that I rowed my boat after them; as soon as I got our boat up to them, Young jumped over-board out of the boat; then we came to the boat and this Davis gets up and I catched hold of him by the back of his breeches, and pulled him back, and the officer said, if you don't sit still, I will blow your brains out; he pointed a pistol; then seeing this young man in the water, I said, let us shove and pick him up, we left Davis sitting in the middle of the boat, in the middle of the river, with only one skull in the boat; and then we went and picked up this Young; he refused to be picked up by us; at last I stepped after him with my boat and took him up, and Davis attempted to get the boat to some stairs; I cried out, stop thief; he got it under a wharf that he could not get out the boat. There was about thirteen or fourteen pieces of log-wood in the boat, which were put up in a warehouse by the justice's order; there is one piece which I scratched with a knife which I can swear to.
Prisoner Young. When they took me and the boat away they said, we have took a boat not half an hour ago, loaded with this kind of wood. - There was none at all in our boat.
Prisoner Davis. I never got up to escape. - He did, I took hold of his breeches and called him by his name; I knew him very well.
Q. I had no breeches on. - I don't know whether it was breeches or trowsers; I took hold of him.
- sworn.
I am Clerk to Mr. Springle, he lives near East-lane, Rotherhithe


, he lives where the yard is; on Saturday the 2d of December, a neighbour of Mr. Springle's called upon him; and on Monday morning I observed there was a vacancy in the middle of the pile; I observed the surface of the pile was even on Saturday night; I went on Monday to see if I could hear any thing of it; I could hear nothing of it; on Tuesday a person called on me and said it was somewhere at Shadwell; I went on the second hearing to Shadwell, on Thursday following after the 2d of December, and I saw the property in the warehouse, it was shown me by Peate and Maxwell; I knew it to be Mr. Springle's by the size of it, it has lain seven years in the wharf; there are somepieces weigh three quarters of an hundred. I verily believe they belong to Mr. Springle.
Q. Who is Mr. Rash? - He is a Dutch Merchant
.
Q. Mr. Springle does transactions for him. - He has a commission for the care of these things.


                  ROBERT
                   SEYMOUR
               



             sworn.
I am foreman to the yard where the wood was stole; on Sunday the 2d of December I missed it; I saw it on Saturday evening when I locked the yard up.
Q. Is the wharf open to boats if the tide is up? - There is no fare through in the night; the wharf this time of the year is opened about eight o'clock in the morning and shut again at five in the evening; it is intirely enclosed from the water-side.
Q. Could people easily get at this timber? - They might get over the fence, and then they might easily hand it over.
Q. How many pieces did you miss; - It is impossible for any body to form any idea of the particular quantity of pieces.
Q. Where did you see the log-wood afterwards? - Maxwell and Peate came to me and informed me they had stopped some log-wood, and Maxwell shewed me the log-wood in the warehouse; I knew the log-wood; I can swear to five pieces positively; I was taking them in seven years ago, and I particularly put them by, they are not to be matched in any yard in England, and one was the outside piece of the parcel and was the longest of the five, the other two were rather shorter, and the two following were shorter still.
Q. Why were they kept so long? - By the order of Mr. Springle in case he should want to oblige any merchant abroad; he never sells any in England. (Produces and deposes to the outside pieces.) I dare say I have moved it twenty times; I know the prisoners; I know their parents, and I only want what is honest and just.
Prisoner Young. Last Sunday I awaked and got up, and was going down to Billingsgate to get some fish, going across the water from Pickle-herring-stairs, I saw this boat adrift; I had this young man with me; I says to him, there is a boat adrift; never mind the boat, says he; says I, I don't like the boat to go to pieces; I tied my own boat and was going down to Fountain-stairs; just before I came to Fountain-stairs these men rowed out of the craft, bring too, says he, or I will blow your brains out; he came right in to us; I made over to shore, and they came after me, and told me, if I did not come in they would blow my brains out; then they took Davis at Cherry-garden-stairs. I have been at sea seven years, and then I came home and bound myself apprentice to a waterman, but I did not serve long, but was going to sea again; I have got a ship now.
Prisoner Davis. This here man Young, called me up about five o'clock in the morning to go to Billingsgate and get some fish; he sees this boat adrift, accordingly we rowed towards her, he jumped in and sees the man's name on the boat, and accordingly says, I know partly the man and where his stairs are, accordingly he towed his own boat ashore and made her fast, and was going down towards Fountain-stairs with the boat, but this man attacked us and fixed a blunderbuss, he jumped over-board and took one of the skulls; I was drove athwart the ships, and to save the boat from being sunk, I pulled in towards Cherry-garden stairs, and then I set myself down to wait till they came to me, when they told me to come into their boat which I did.
The prisoners each called one witness to their characters.
Both 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before. Mr. RECORDER.
