





169. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     FORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of February
, a damask table cloth, value 2s.
             a child's linen frock, value 1s. the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Anderson
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   ANDERSON
               



             sworn.
I live at Chelsea


. On Wednesday night, the 5th of this month I lost a table cloth and a child's frock; I was informed by Mrs. Jones that two jack-ass boy
s were got on the wall, and taking some linen off the lines, I immediately pursued, and went down as far as the Union coffee house, where I was enquiring of an old man if he saw such men running along; Mr. Hornsby told me that these two men I was enquiring for had just gone over the bridge, and we went after them, and came up to the prisoner, and Mr. Hornsby said this is one that came out of the Ranelagh-walk, we secured the prisoner, and after that we got a candle and lanthorn and looked for the linen, and there we see a table cloth, behind a tree that he had ran behind; I did not see him in my premises at all; nor did I know what was gone till I came back again, when I came back again I saw what was gone.


                  EDWARD
                   HORNSBY
               



             sworn.
About half past five on Wednesday evening, I saw two men coming along by the Royal George, at the back of Mr. Anderson's garden, the prisoner at the bar went down to the corner of the wall, and looked down after some clothes, but there being a girl in the garden he came back again, and he went up towards Sloan-square, and towards Knights-bridge; about three quarters of an hour after I was going to water a horse, and a man in a white jacket was running down the town, and my brother that was along with me said, that man in a white jacket is one that was going into the garden we pursued him, and went down the Ranelagh-walk before him, and we saw he had nothing, and the other he came past with nothing, whistling; after we had past the one, Mr. Anderson came by, and asked if we saw any body go by that way? I told him what I saw, and went with him, and overtook the prisoner, and took him into custody, and took him across the bridge, which they call Genevin's-bridge.

Q. Did you see any thing in his hands, or in the other man's hands? - No, in neither of their hands; he told me he had been to Kingston upon Thames, with a load of goods for his master, and to receive some money; I said to him have you got the money with you? he said he had, it was sixpence halfpenny; I said that I thought it very odd, that his master should send him up for six-pence halfpenny; I then told him that he was very wrong, for I had followed him from half past five.
Q. Which of them was it that you saw first go into the garden when they came back again? - Ford.
Prisoner. I had been at Kingston along with my master.
ELIZABETH - sworn.
I saw the prisoner come from the wall, with the table cloth in his hand.
Q. Did he get over the wall? - No, he did not, he stood on a water butt stand, that stands by the wall, this was between the hours of six and seven; coming from the wall he dropped it, and picked it up again, and walked away, I went out to the gate after him, and told my master of it, and he went and acquainted Mr. Anderson of it (Mr. Jones is my master)


                  THOMAS
                   BRADLEY
               




Q. How old are you? - I am going of ten, I shall be ten next June, I was born in the country, at Manchester.
Q. How came you up to Chelsea? - My mother was sent for up.
Q. What do you do at home? - Nothing.
Q. Do you go to school? - No.
Q. Can you read? - Yes.
Q. Do you go to church? - Yes.
Q.Suppose you take an oath, do you know what that is for? - Yes, if I tell a lie I shall go to the Devil.
Sworn.
I went into the public house, to order a pot of beer, and I saw two men standing up against the butt, and I went and told Mr. Jones that there were two jack ass drivers in the yard, and Mr. Jones went out to the front door, and said it may be they are gardeners, then I and that young woman came out of the back door, and directly as we came out the prisoner at the bar had took a table cloth, and jumped off the wall, and dropped it, and picked it up again, and went away.
Q. Was the prisoner one of the men that you saw standing on the butts before? - Yes, he was standing against the water butt, making sham to make water, and he was not.
Q. Did he run away or walk away? - He run away across the road.
Prisoner. I had been to Kingston along with my master, and I left Kingston about two o'clock, and coming to Wandsworth we stopped to have a pint of beer, and my master went home with the cart and horse without me, and I was running through Battersea and Chelsea, to make the best of my way home, for fear I should be scolded for staying, and these men overtook me on the bridge, and they were talking one to another; I did not see him says one; at last they said to me you must go along with me; I said where? they said O, not far; says I what am I to go along with you for? they said come along with me, and I will tell you what it is for; says they you may as well go along with me; says I, I will, for I am not afraid of any thing; and they wanted to find a knife, and they could not, and they wanted me to go for a soldier; and I said I have got a good master, if I went for a soldier I should loose a a good place, and I did not like to leave it; and they said one to another are you sure it is him? one said I think it is him by his coat. Then the constable came, and the woman gave charge ofme, and he took me to the watch-house, and the next morning they came to me, and got some beer, and asked me to go for a soldier again, and I told them the same, and then they gave me some bread and cheese, after that they said you must go to the justice's, and I said if I have done any thing to go to a justice's I will go; I did not like to sent to my friends, because of losing my character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
