






276. 
               
                  
                     ALICE 
                     BURROUGHS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  AMELIA 
                  EVANS
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of April
, four womens cotton gowns value 1l. 10s. a black silk cloak, value 1l. four womens linen shifts, value 8s. a dimity petticoat, value 3s. a stuff petticoat, value 2s. two pair of cotton stockings, value 2s. two linen aprons, value 3s. a check linen apron, value 1s. a pair of leather shoes, value 1s. a linen handkerchief, value 1s. 6d. a cotton shawl, value 1s. 6d. and one pound three shillings in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        Lucy 
                        Stockford
                     




                  , in the dwelling house of the said Alice and Amelia
            .


                  LUCY
                   STOCKFORD
               



             sworn.
Q.Are you a single woman
? - Yes; I am a servant
 to Mr. Winkes, the Crown, in Oxford-street. I came to town on the 30th of April. When I came into the town I went into a public house, and asked them if they could let me sleep there for three or four days till I got a place?
Q. Did you go to the Crown when you came into town? - No; afterwards I went to the public house, to ask for a lodging, and they could not let me have any, and I went up and down two or three streets, and I met an old woman, and I thought she could recommend me to a lodging that was creditable.
Q. Where were you robbed? - In Union-street, in a house where I went for a lodging; my things were in a trunk, and immediately as I went in they took my trunk out of my apron.
Q.Did you go into a house to ask for a lodging? - Yes, in Union-street


; I asked them if they could let me sleep there? and they said they could; and I sat down in a chair, and they asked for my trunk; and I said I should wish to have that to bed with me, where I slept. I had got it in my lap as I sat down, and they took it from me, and said they would take care of it.



                  Q. 
               


            Who were the persons that did it? - Them two persons at the bar, I am very positive.
Q. Did you permit them to take it? - No; I told them I would rather keep it myself, and they took it away by force. They kept me locked in the little parlour all night.
Q. Was that the first room where you went in? - Yes. After they had taken my trunk, and gone about half an hour, they came to me again, and I had my red clock on, and they took my red cloak up, and asked me why I wore a red cloak? and I said, I did not care what I wore, so I had it honest; and they went away and came in again in about half an hour, and brought three gentlemen with them; and they asked me whether I was a country girl? and I told them yes; they chucked me under the chin, and said I was a pretty country girl. I was locked in all night; about seven o'clock in the evening they came to me again, and asked me whether I wanted any breakfast? I said I had trouble enough, I did not want any breakfast, and they went away, and locked me in, and by force I pulled it open, the parlour door, and I went to the other door, and the key was in, and whether it was locked or bolted I don't know, I got out and ran away, and I ran as far as St. James's Park, where I met an old woman, and desired her to shew me the way, and I went to dinner with her.
Q. When did you go back for your trunk? - The next morning.
Q. Is that woman here? - No, she is not. The next day I went for my trunk; she went with me down to Union-street, walking down the street I looked up at the window, and I see the young girl up at the window, and I said, that is the young woman that took my trunk and clothes; it was the tallest one (Burrough's.)
Q.Was that the window of the same house where your trunk and you had been? - Yes; I goes and knocks at the door, and the young woman (Burroughs) came to me; I asked her if she pleased to let me have my trunk and clothes? and she said she had not got them; and the landlady came and asked me to walk in, and I refused to go in; I went away from the house, and went to a public house; and asked them if they could tell me where a constable lived? and they recommended me, and I went to the office; I found the constable, and went back to the house.
Q. And the constable searched the house where you found them? - Yes.
Q. Did you find your things there? - No, there was no such thing in the house.
Q. The trunk is not found, not the things since? - No. When the constable was in the parlour with me, there was a black beaver hat of theirs; and I held it up in the young woman's face, and I says to the young woman (the shortest) had not you this black beaver hat with white ribbons on, when you came to take my clothes? yes, she said, she had the constable took them in custody, and took them to the justice.
Q. When that conversation passed about the hat, was the tall one by? - Yes. The constable was forced to pay my expences, they took every thing I had, I had three and twenty shillings in the trunk, all in silver.
Q. Were all the articles in the indictment in the trunk? - Yes.
Q. Was this trunk locked at the time they took it from you? - Yes, it was.
Q. Did they open it in your presence? - No, one took hold of one end, and the other of the other, and they were gone as much as half an hour.
Q. Did they ever ask you for the key? - No.



                  Q. 
               


            The room you think was their own room? - Yes, it was.
Q. What part of the country did you come from at this time? - From Dunstew, in Oxfordshire.
Q. How did you get this money, and all these things? - I was a servant, and I came away before Christmas, and I went a washing for my money; my friends gave me a good many; my mother was brought up with lady Chamberlain, and they gave me a good many at Dunstew.
Q.What was your object for coming to town? - I ran away from my friends because I had been out of place so long.
Q. You have got into place since you have come to town? - Yes.
Q. Have you been ever since in place? - Yes, at this Crown.
Mr. Knowlys. You was examined at the justice's about this? - Yes.
Q. Are you sure you came to town the 30th of April? - No, the 29th of April I came to town.
Q. Then all the rest that you have said is as true as this, that you came to town on the 29th of April? How came you to tell my lord is was the 30th? - It was the 30th that I took the girls.
Q. Now you was examined before the justice a day or two after you were robbed? - Yes.
Q. This is your examination? - It is.
Q. You can write? - Yes.
Q. This is your hand writing? (The examination shewn her) - Yes.
Q. Did you attend to it when it was read to you? - I did.
Q. The examination says it was the 27th. When did you leave your friends? - About sixteen or seventeen days before I came into town, I will not say to one day or two.
Q. Now I tell you before I go any further, that some friends of these poor unfortunate women, have been down to your own mother. Do you now swear positively that about sixteen or seventeen days before you came to town you left your mother at Dunstew, in Oxfordshire? - Yes, I left my mother and father.
Q. You are sure of that? - Yes.
Q. Where were you for sixteen or seventeen days before you got to town? - I sleeped at the lodging houses coming on the road.
Q. How far is Dunstew from London? - It is eight miles from Woodstock.
Q. How much money had you when you set off? - I had six and twenty shillings in silver when I set off, and two or three shillings in halfpence. I walked two days and had not a bit in my mouth, and only paid three pence for my lodging.
Q. Do you remember any places that you came through? - I came through High Wycomb.
Q. You went before the justice almost immediately as you came to town. Did not you say before the justice that you had one lodging at a chandler's shop? - Yes.
Q. Do you know their names? - No.
Q. Do you know what town it was? - I did not.
Q. There are coaches and waggons go through Dunstew? - No.
Q. You never attempted to get a list or saw a waggon on the road? - Yes; one day I rode in a butcher's cart for about five miles, and I did not pay them any thing.
Q. The waggon or coach would have soon brought you to town? - I had no money. I thought perhaps I should be out of money before I got in place; and if I had come in the waggon or coach, I must have supped and done as they did.
Q. There is no waggon or coach comes through Dunstew nor Woodstock? - Yes, there is Mr. Burridge's waggon that belongs to Woodstock; but no one comes through my town.

Court. Did you come by Woodstock? - Yes, I come hard by it, on one side. From Woodstock I went to Hemson, and from there to Gaddingwell.
Q. To what town did you go to from Hemson? - I don't know what it was.
Mr. Knowlys. I thought a little while ago that you did not remember any place you came through. What time did you get to London? - I got into town the 29th of April, between five and six.
Q. You never swore any otherwise? - No.
Q. What day of the week was it that you got to town? - Wednesday, I think it was.
Q. Was it the day after you was robbed that you went to the justice, or the day after that? - The next day.
Q. Of course you know the day of the week? - I came in on Wednesday, and I went on Thursday before the justice.
Q. That you are sure of? - Yes.
Q. Then it could not be Monday that you was robbed? - No. I think it was Wednesday that I came in, about five o'clock.
Q. And you are sure it was the day before you came to the justice. After you got out of this house, you met with a woman that was kind enough to give you a dinner and refreshment. How long did you stay at this woman's house? - After I had my dinner I staid along with her.
Q. About what hour did you get your dinner? - About one o'clock.
Q. How long did you stay with her after? - About an hour. I don't know the name of the woman; she is a music maker's wife, who lives in Carpenter's-street, near St. John's Church, Westminster; I should know the name if I was to hear it.
Q. She was kind enough to go and find out these people that had robbed you? - Yes.
Q. This woman was with you when you found out these people? - Yes.
Q. This music maker's wife was examined before the justice? - Yes, she was; she went with me to the justice.
Q. Was she examined like you? - No, she was not examined like me.
Q. Did you tell the justice that was the lady that went with you? - Yes; and the justice said he would advise the lady to go with me the next time.
Q. Did you go home with that lady after you went before the justice? - Yes. I slept there that night, and the next day I went to my service.
Q. Did she come with you here? - No, I think she is out of town.
Q. How came you not to bring her with you? - The gentleman that was at the office told her she would be of no service.
Q. Did she go with you to the grand jury? - No, she went up the day before to the office, and they told her she had no occasion to attend.
Q. Now, my girl, what time did you go to this house where these two women robbed you? - Between five and six in the evening.
Q. What part of the town did you come to when you came into town? - I came in at Oxford-road.
Q. You say you was shewn the house. When you went into the house, did you see the two people directly? - One of them opened the door, and the other stood by, the little one opened the door.
Q. Who told you they took in lodgings? - A woman that was wheeling a wheel-barrow in the street with oranges. As soon as I got in, they locked the door on me, and then I went into a little parlour, on the right hand, with a small bed in.
Q. In which room did they lock you in? - Not in the bed room.

Q. Then the room you was locked into, looked into the street? - Yes, with yellow curtains to the windows, the sashes were all down; the curtains were fixed with things across, so that I could not open them without I had tore them. I thought if I tore the curtain, they would be the death of me.
Q. Then you made no noise at all? - No. I thought at first when I came, they were not such girls as I found they were, till they took my red cloak up.
Q.What sort of girls did you think they were? - Girls of the town; because I know by the noise up stairs that there were several gentlemen in the house, and there were several more young women, but they did not make or meddle with me; I was not near them to speak to them; I only see them when I first went in.
Q. Did not you knock at the parlour door, or scream out? - No.
Q. It was light, was it not? - Yes, it was very light when I first went in.
Q. You could see the people pass in the street? - The curtains were drawn, and the windows were very dirty; there were two panes above that were open, the upper part of the window. I was not used to curtains nor to sash windows; the curtains were fixed along both of them; one curtain came from the top of the ceiling, and the other only half way of the window.
Q. Then you could see over the other curtain? - The windows are very high.
Jury. They are very high windows in Vine-street.
Mr. Knowlys. Was the curtain so placed that you could see over the window? - I could see nothing but the houses facing.
Q.Then you did not see these persons for half an hour; when they came in did you ask them to let you go? - The second time, when they came in they asked me whether I would have something to eat, whether I would have some wine? I told them I never drank any wine. They went to the glass beauset, and brought a wine bottle out, and said they should be with me presently again. The fourth time they came in, there came four gentlemen with them, with blue clothes turned up with red, and cockades, and one with a spangled waistcoat.
Q. Did you tell these gentlemen that they had taken your box - No, I never made any complaint at all. The gentlemen laughed.
Q. Did the gentlemen see them lock you in? - No, they did not; they went into the bed room.
Q. Did all the four gentlemen go into the bed room with these two girls - Yes, for about five minutes.
Q. Now, when these girls came in with the four gentlemen, did they lock the door then? - Yes; and the two young women went into the bed room with the gentlemen.
Q.Then when these four gentlemen amused themselves with these two ladies, you might have got out? - No, they took the key out of the little parlour door. I was frightened to death.
Q. Did the gentlemen say, it is very odd that you lock us all in? - No, they did not make any observation on that at all.
Q. And you did not say, pray, sir, why do these girls lock me in? - No; they frightened me to death.
Q. Then you cried very much? - I did, after they went out of the room.
Q. How came you to leave off crying while these gentlemen came into the room? - I had been crying so long I could not cry any longer.
Q. And then the moment these gentlemen left the room, you began crying again? - Yes.

Q. The time that these gentlemen came in, was it dark? - I think it was eleven o'clock.
Q. Pray, was there a fire in the room? - There was a fire place, and coals on, but no fire in.
Q. How came the gentlemen to see you? - The young women opened the door and made their obedience to the gentlemen, and asked them if they would please to walk in and the first man that came in, he said you are a country girl, are you? and I said, yes; and the other man in the spangled waistcoat chucked me under my chin, and said, I was a pretty country girl.
Q. There were six persons went into this room, I thought you said it was only big enough to hold one person? - No, I said the bed was big enough only to hold one person.
Q.How did they get out? - They returned through my parlour.
Q. Did you make any offer to go out when these people were going out? - No, the girls told me they should be back with me presently.
Q. Were you crying when the girls came back again? - I had been crying while they were in the little room. I held my head down on the mahogany table when they came out.
Q. You heard the watchman go by? - Yes, I heard the watchman.
Q. I dare say you was too frightened to sleep? - No, I laid my head down on the mahogany table, and slept about a quarter of the night.
Q. What time did these young women get up in the morning? - They came to me about seven o'clock, I don't think they had been to bed, there were no beds in the house but sofa's, when I went to search the house, I knew that.
Q.Were they making a noise all night? - There was a very great noise one part of the night.
Q.How were these people employing themselves; where were the gentlemen? - The gentlemen were with them I dare say, I heard them go up, but I never heard them come down. About seven o'clock they came to me, and asked me if I wanted any breakfast, and I told them I was in trouble enough, I wanted no breakfast, and they gave themselves a snatch out, and then I got up, and pulled the door open by force.
Q. Had you the curiosity to try whether you could open the door all the time you was confined? - No, I never did.
Q. When you got out, what time of the morning do you think it was? - Between seven and eight o'clock in the morning.
Q. Did you speak to any body in the street? - No, only to a woman that had got tin kettles on her back with milk in.
Q. How far from this house? - About three or four streets.
Q. Did you make any complaint as you went along? - No, not till I came to this woman.
Q. Where was it you made your first complaint? - There is a little place where soldiers stand in with their horses. I was standing under, and this gentlewoman came to me.
Q. Were you in any other room that night? - No, only that back parlour.


                  JAMES
                   KENNEDY
               



             sworn.
I am an officer at the police office, in Marlborough-street.
Mr. Knowlys to Stockford. The music seller's wife was with you till you got to the justice, then she heard what you said about the hat, and yet the justice told her it was not necessary for to attend? - No, it was a gentleman at the office. The justice told her it was necessary.
Kennedy. About the 29th or 28th of last month, I am not positive which; the prisoner came to the office, and described the way as she has related beforethat she was robbed; I and another officer went with her.
Q. Do you remember the day of the week? - No, nor the day of the month for certain. We went with her by her directions to Union-street, just behind Middlesex Hospital, No. 46.
Q. Was the music seller's wife with you? - Yes, I don't know her name. When I went to the door, the prosecutor went first, and pointed to this tall girl and said, that is one of the girls that took my box; that was Burroughs, she was at the door; the street door was open, we pointed to her then, I took them both in to custody, and searched all the house for the property. There was a black hat laying on a sofa with a broad white ribbon round it, she pointed to the little girl and said, she had on that hat when she robbed her of her trunk. The girl did not deny any thing about the hat, she said there were more black hats than one with white ribbons, or something of that.
Q. Can you say with certainly, that that was the answer? - Why yes, I think it was.
Q. Suppose any person had given a different account about this hat, would you venture to say that they had swore false? - Yes, I should rather think so.
Q. Then you do not mean to swear positively? - No. We found none of the property.
Mr. Knowlys. These girls had two examinations? - I think so.
Q. Do you recollect the day of the week that the first examination took place? - I think it was the 27th or 28th, But I cannot be positive.
Q. What was the day of the week that they were fully committed? - I think it was on a Thursday.
Court. Was the first examination the day the girls were taken up? - Yes; there were two examinations two or three days between each.
Jury. Did any conversation pass between you and the prisoners in Union-street? - We asked where the property was, and they denied it.
Mr. Knowlys. I take it for granted that you used your usual vigilance in searching every where that could lead to a discovery? - Yes, I did.
Q. Have you found trunk, articles, or duplicates that could lead to the least discovery? - Nothing at all; I found duplicates of their own property.
Q. I believe it is the corner house? - I think it is the very next house to the corner.
Q. There are a good many people passing by in an afternoon? - There are a good many people passing.
Q. This window is quite close to the street? - There is only rails between the window and the pavement
Prisoner Burroughs. On five o'clock on Tuesday evening, I was sitting in the parlour window, I see this woman and another as if looking for a place; and I went and opened the door, and she asked me if there were any more girls in the house? I said yes, and I asked what was the matter, and she said she had left a trunk the night before with somebody, and she wanted to speak to the same person; and I said if she left a trunk there she would undoubtedly have it, and I fetched the landlord to the door, and he said she had better come in. or else go and get a warrant, and have the house searched.
Prisoner Evans. I never see the woman before the Tuesday, and then my landlord told her to get the officer, and search the house, which she did. I never saw the woman before; she is a stranger to me.


                  EDWARD
                   ROZELING
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe you are related to one of the prisoners? - I am.

Q. Do you come here to say any thing more than what you heard from Stockford's mother? - No.
Q.Then I believe I cannot examine you.


                  WILLIAM
                   LONDON
               



             sworn.
I am a taylor by trade. On the 27th of April I called on this young woman, Amelia Evans, and dined with her; I lodged at that time at No. 31, in Well's-street. I am at the Tower now, I am a journeyman.
Q. How long was it before the girl was taken up? - She was taken up on Tuesday, I was with her on Monday till nine o'clock, not absent from her.
Q.What part of the house did she inhabit? - Two parlours, the front and back.
Q. Look at that young woman who has been examined; did you see that young woman? - I never see her before the Thursday.
Q.Were you at the magistrate's on the Thursday? - Yes, I see her there; it was the second examination, I was not there at the first.
Q. Did you hear her give her examination before the justice? - I did.
Q. Did you hear what day she swore she was at this young woman's, at whom's she lost her trunk? - Yes, she said it was on Monday, between four and five o'clock in the evening.
Q. Now, on the oath you have taken, was that girl in either of these two rooms, the front or back parlour, on that day? - No, I was in both.
Q.Was there any body else in company with you but that young woman? - No.
Q.Have you known that young woman long? - Seven or eight weeks.
Court to Kennedy. I want to know what day of the week it was that you took these girls up? - I think it was on the 27th, on Tuesday.
Q. Do you know on what day the examination was signed? - I think it was on Thursday.
Mr. Knowlys. You are sure there were two examinations? - Yes, I am sure of that.
Q. How many days had they been in custody before the second examination - I think they were taken on Tuesday, and on Thursday they were brought up.
Court to Prosecutrix. You took the women up the day after you had been robbed, and that day you had an examination? - Yes.
Q. How many days after that was it that you had a re examination? - I cannot say whether it was a day or two.
Mr. Knowlys. How did you get your trunk to town? - I carried it my own self, all but that little way that I rode in the butcher's cart. It was a deal trunk, covered with flowered paper.


                  MARY
                   ASHTON
               



             sworn.
I live in one of Mr. Jones's houses, next door to where the robbery was committed.
Q. Do you recollect the day when these two girls were taken up? - Yes, of a Tuesday, in the afternoon, about four or five o'clock, to the best of my knowledge, I did not see them, only as I looked out of window.
Q. Were you at the house on the day before they were taken up? - I went backward and forward, and see the window open.
Q. Do you know what part of the house they occupied? - Burroughs occupied the second floor, and Evans lived in the parlour.
Q. What part of the day were you backwards and forwards? - In the evening, as the plaintiff says she was locked up; the parlour windows were open, and I see a candle burning.
Q. Did you see the girl there? - No, I am very confident she was not.



                  Q. 
               


            What day were they taken up? - On Tuesday, the next day.
Jury. Are you a necessary woman to that house? - No, I am not
Court. What are these girls? - They get their living in an honest way, as far as I know, I know nothing to the contrary.
Q.With whom do you live? - Next door, with Mrs. Davis, she is a milliner by trade.
Q. Is not she a girl of the town? - Yes, she is.
Q.Now, as you live next door with a girl of the town, I ask you this, whether these two women are not common women of the town? - I don't know, as to their being common women of the town, I really cannot say.
Q. Do you mean to swear that these women do not live by receiving company? - I don't know justly.
Q. How long have you lived there? - Some time. Burroughs is a married woman, for what I canfind.
Q.Then you do not know them to be women of the town? - Yes, I believe they be, I never waited on them.
Jury. How came you to be backwards and forwards? - I see the parlour windows open, and I see the person shut the parlour windows, of the name of London, pretty nigh twelve o'clock at night; I was fetching errands, and things for supper; see them when I fetched a pint of beer.
Court. What time did you say you see the man shut the windows? - About eleven o'clock.
Court to London. How long have you been acquainted with this woman? - Seven or eight weeks.
Q. How does she get her livelihood? - She is a woman of the town.
Q. Do you know any thing of the other woman? - I do not; I went from there at nine o'clock, and returned at twelve, and staid there all night and left it about ten the next day.
Jury. Were you with Burrough's, or with Evans? - With Evans, in the parlour.


                  ELIZABETH
                   SHEPHERD
               



             sworn.
I live in the first floor of the same house, I am a poor soldier's widow.
Q. Do you know when these people were taken up? - They were taken up the day after my mistress went in; I was a servant to 
               
                  Ann
                   Brockley
               



            .
Q. Is she a woman of the town? - She is.
Q. Did you see these persons on the day before they were taken up? - Yes, I see Evans, I see her go in with a key, about nine o'clock in the evening, as I was going by, and threw some water out into the street, from a bason.
Q. Did you see the parlour? - Yes.
Q. Do you know who was in the parlour? - There was that man that stands there, and another.
Q. Do you know who that other man was? - I do not; I do not recollect ever seeing him before.
Q. Did you see any thing of that girl in the course of the day? - No.
Q.Were you in Evans's apartment in the course of the day? - Never in Evans's apartment in my life, nor never spoke to her.
Q. How late in the day did you see the parlour door open? - The first was at nine o'clock in the evening.
Q. Did you see it open afterwards? - Yes, two or three times.


                  JOHN
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe you are the landlord of this house. Do you know the day when these people were taken up? - I believe it was the Tuesday.
Q. Do you live in any part of the house? - I live in the next to it.

Q. Did you see that house at all in the course of Monday? - I was coming home between the hours of ten and eleven o'clock at night, and I see Evans the other side of the way, and I was coming by, and I saw the window up, and I was looking for the woman to tell her of it, and I looked in, and saw the room empty, and a candle in the room; the window was so close to the street that I put my hand to it, and shut it to.
Q. Did you through the window, see the door of the back parlour open or shut? - I did not particularly look at the door; it is a common size room. The woman, the prosecutrix came the next morning, and complained she was robbed; I says, I believe you make a mistake in the house; says I, will you walk in? she says, no; says I, it is a very improper way to stand here, you had better go to Marlborough-street, and get a warrant to search the house.
Q. Did the women hear your advice to the girl, that if she insisted upon it that she was robbed, to go and get a warrant in Marlborough-street? - Yes, they did.
Q. Were there any curtains to them windows? - Yes.
Q.Were they drawn up, or down? - How could I see through the curtains, whether any body was in the room? They were up, or else I could not have seen the candle.
Q. Were either of them down? - No, neither of the curtains. They were damask curtains that drew up with a pully, yellow curtains.


                  JUDITH
                   EVANS
               



             sworn.
I live in Newman-street; the prisoners are women of the town, but I never heard any body say they were dishonest.
Alice Burroughs, 


               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)
Amelia Evans, 


               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.) Of stealing, but not in the dwelling house.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
