





406. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     SHEPHERD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of April
, three silver table spoons, value 1 l. 10 s. two silver salt spoons, value 4 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Dolignon
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  THOMAS
                   BOX
               



             sworn.
I am servant to 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Dolignon
               



            ; she is a widow lady; the prisoner was a servant
 to Mr. Screen; he came with a note; he lives at No. 2, Hyde-street, Manchester-square; he came down with a note to Mrs. Dolignon; I was absent; I did not see him in the house.


                  SUSANNAH
                   SANDERS
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mrs. Dolignon; the prisoner came to our house with a message on Tuesday the 23d of April,about nine o'clock in the evening, from Mrs. Screen.
Q. What part of the house was he in? - In the hall.
Q. How came you to charge him with taking any thing? did you see him take any thing? - No.
Q. How long did he stay in the hall? - About half an hour.
Q. Is the parlour near the hall? - Yes.
Q. Where were the spoons missed? - From the beaufet in the parlour.
Q. How soon were they missed after he was gone? - I cannot tell; they were missed the next day the 24th.
Q. Do you know whether the parlour door was locked or unlocked? - The day he was there it was unlocked.
Q. Do you know how it happens that he is fixed upon for taking these spoons? - No.
Prisoner. It was not nine o'clock, it was a little after eight. - I am not quite positive to the time.


                  JOHN
                   BECK HEATHER
               



             sworn.
The prisoner at the bar came to my house on the 1st of May, I believe it was a Thursday, to sell a table spoon, between five and six o'clock in the evening; I saw it broke, and I judged the prisoner might have stole it; I asked him a good many questions; he said he had it of his father about nine years ago; with that I said to my servant, go and search him, and see if he has got any more, he heard me say that to my servant and he immediately ran out of the shop, and my servant ran after him and brought him back, with great difficulty we stopt him and searched him and found two more table spoons and a pair of salts, all broke, my servant took them out of his pocket before my face; he struggled a good while, and wanted to get away, but I searched him and sent for a constable; I have kept them from that time to this, except a little time, I marked them with my own mark; I can swear to them; the young man's master was sent for, Mr. Screen, he is a private gentleman, and he blamed the man, and asked him why he did not go and sell them at his own silversmith's and not to bring them to my shop? but when he found they were stole he was very sorry for what he had said, and said I had done right; a Mr. Hughes went to sup with Mr. Screen the next night, and Mr. Screen told him that his servant was taken up for stealing three silver table spoons, and the next day there was some table spoons brought from the family which corresponded with these the prisoner brought; I advertised them the next day. (The spoons produced.)
Court to Box. Do you know whether these spoons were in the house at the time you left the house? - I do, they were then in the beaufet, they had been used for dinner.
Q. Can you take on you to say for a certainty that the spoons were there? - I can; the three table spoons and a pair of salt spoons.
Q. Was the door locked or left open? - It was locked, but the key was left in it; it was the custom of the house so to do; they have all my mistress's cypher on them, I. E. D.
Q. Did you miss more than those? - No more than those found exactly.
Court to 
               
                  Susannah
                   Sanders
               



            . When this man was there was he left in the hall alone? - He was.
Prisoner. I lived five years at Kensington with Mr. Wills, and three years with Mr. Kenyon.
The prisoner called his brother to his character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 31.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
