





41. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of November
, a silver watch, value 30s. a base-metal watch-chain, gilt with gold, value 1s. and a stone base-metal seal, set in gold, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Watkin 
                     Jones
                  




               
            .
- JONES sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Watkin
                   Jones
               



            , I live at No. 1, North-street, Manchester-square


: On Saturday the 11th of November, about six in the evening, the prisoner came into our house, and asked me what o'clock it was; I took the watch off the chimney-piece, and told him, a quarter past six; he said, is it not too fast, I told him, perhaps it might a few minutes; he asked me then, to give him something to eat and drink, I sent him over the way to the public-house, the Bedford-arms, to order himself a pint of beer, at my expence, he went and ordered it, it was brought over to him, I gave him some bread and cheese; I got up to wait upon a customer that came in, I saw him brush quick out of the shop; as soon as the person was gone that I was waiting upon, I went to the chimney-piece, and missed the watch, I had nobody with me at the time; as soon as my husband came in, I told him, and he went out immediately in search of him, he could not hear any thing of him; he was brought to my house that same night, about ten o'clock, by a person who is here, one of the officers; I am sure he is the same person, the duplicate of the watch was found upon him by Townsend.


                  WILLIAM
                   TOWNSEND
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker: On the 11th of November, I took this watch in of the prisoner at the bar.
Q. Did you ask him how he came by it? - A. I asked his name, and what he asked for it, he said, his name was 
               
                  John
                   Moore
               



            ; I took it in of him, and lent him fifteen shillings upon it, it was between eight and nine in the evening. (produces the watch;) the constable came to me on the Monday morning.


                  HENRY
                   BATES
               



             sworn. - On the 11th of November, I was sent for to a public house, in Oxford-street; the prisoner at the bar was there, with four counterfeit half guineas, he said, he had taken them in change of a note, from Mr. Jones; I had the four half guineas put into my hand, and I asked him, if he ever lost sight of the half guineas from the time he received them of Mr. Jones, till that time, he said, no; going along to Mr. Jones's, he varied in his story, and said, there had been two of them out of his sight; I thought, as he had been with a girl of the town, she might have served him in that way; I went and took the girl to the watch-house; then I went with the prisoner to Mr. Jones's, when I knocked at the door, he made his escape into some unfinished buildings, there we were in search of him for a considerable time, and at last gave him up, and then a woman gave me information, that she had seen him in the back part of the buildings, and upon something that I said, he came out, and I took him down to the watch-house, and found this duplicate upon him. (Produces it.)
Townsend. I have the fellow duplicate to it in my pocket, I gave it to the prisoner at the bar.
Mr. Jones. This is my watch, I know it by the day of the month upon the face.
Prisoner's defence. I received the half guineas from Mrs. Jones, she gave me the watch to pawn, to get rid of the half guineas; I was a deserter, andhad been about with him, he wanted me to insist again, and I would not.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
