





409. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     COOLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of March
, seven cotton handkerchiefs, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Shiers
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   SHIERS
               



             sworn.
I keep a shop in the linen, muslin, and haberdashery line
.


                  JOHN
                   SHIERS
               



            , junior, sworn.
I am thirteen years of age.
What will become of you if you take a false oath? - To be cast into everlasting burnings. My father keeps a shop in the linen trade; I know the prisoner, I remember her coming to my father's shop; there was my mother, and a person that was in the shop, a woman servant; there was another woman came in with the prisoner at the same time; the prisoner enquired for stockings, we did not serve her with any; then, she asked to look at some shawls, she looked at some, but bought none, nor the other woman did not buy any thing; the other went out first, and this woman followed, and upon her going out, I saw her put the handkerchiefs under her arm, she had not quite enough secured them under her cloak, they were calico handkerchiefs; I immediately ran after her, and secured her; I asked her for the handkerchiefs she had taken, and she denied having taken them: I insisted upon them, upon which she dropped them, she was secured; they are my father's property, I saw them on the counter.


                  BENJAMIN
                   WEBB
               



             sworn.
I assisted the lad to take her, I saw the handkerchiefs on the ground.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
