





469. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  LAMB
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April
, a linen sheet, value 1 s. a linen table cloth, value 1 s. a cotton gown, value 2 s. and two waistcoats, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wallis
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   WALLIS
               



             sworn.
I am an hair dresser
; I was robbed of the things in the indictment the 17th of April last, the prisoner was a servant to me; on Monday he asked me for a few shillings to get some things out of pawn, and he was to come back on Tuesday morning at seven o'clock; he did not come till three o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, when I catched him within twenty yards of my own house, with the gown in his hand; the sheet, the waistcoat and the table cloth, he had in his own pocket.
Q. Had he a great coat on? - No, he had a straight coat on. He said I might do with him as I liked. I am positive the things are mine by the marks on them; the dimity waistcoat is pieced on one side of the breast; the others are torn.
Q. How do you know the cotton gown? - By the print of it; it is wore much; there is no mark on the table cloth or sheet, but I believe they belong to me.
Prisoner. About five or six yards from the door he took the things from under my arm.


                  JOSEPH
                   WEST
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. I produce the articles which I got from Mr. Wallis's house, where I got the prisoner likewise; I have kept them ever since.
Prisoner. When I got up to his shop he took the things out of my pocket he mentioned. On Monday morning I left him, he gave me 5 s. part of the wages I had to get from him.
Court to Prosecutor. What servant was he? - A journeyman
.
Q. How long had he lived with you as a journeyman? - Four days.
Q. Had you any character with him? - I was not at home when he was employed; my wife employed him; he was sent from the hair merchant's.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
