





344. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     CAHALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of March
 last, a dimity petticoat, value 7 s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 18 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Harrison
                  




               
            , spinster
.


                  MARY
                   HARRISON
               



             sworn.
I live in Foster-lane, Cheapside, the Sun Tavern


, the prisoner was my fellow 
servant


 for one month and three days; on the 29th of March I lost a dimity petticoat and a pair of stockings, and other articles not found; I found them at Mr. Berry's, the pawnbroker's, Ludgate-hill, she left the place the latter end of March, about the 17th day, I recommended her to my lodgings, and my box was broke, and these things were lost; I did not lodge in my place, it was in Green Dragon-court, No. 2, she was very much distressed, being turned away at a minute's warning, and the constable having her in custody, and finding the duplicate, he sent for me.


                  PHILIP
                   CROCKFORD
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Berry, Ludgate-hill, pawnbroker, I produce a petticoat and pair of stockings, I received them of the prisoner, on the 29th of March, at our shop, by the name of Mary Cox, I took them in myself, I am sensible it is the woman I took them in off; I lent her 8 s. upon them.
(Deposed to.)
- BUNNY sworn.
About the 2d of August last, I went with the prisoner to Mr. Berry's, and there I found the things now produced; I took the duplicate from the prisoner myself.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
It is my own petticoat, the constable knows I took him to where my gown and coat were made, and the constable knows that the person at home said, that they had made a gown and coat for me, but that her mother was gone to Brightheinnstone; the constable knows they belong to me. My Lord, I have a very good defence; the prosecutrix and I lived in a place together, and I told my mistress I would not live in one house with her; I said she was not a natural woman, and I would not sleep in one bed with her; and so it is through spite that my prosecutrix has taken me up, and brought me here.



               GUILTY
            , (Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
