





113. 
               
                  
                     BARNABY 
                     YATES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 14th of November
, ten yards of cotton, value 35 s. four cotton shawls, value 12 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Scoffeld
                        




                     
                   in his dwelling house
            .


                  JOHN
                   SCOFFELD
               



             sworn.
I am a linen draper
, on the 14th of November last, the prisoner at the bar, came into the shop rather hastily; and took up this property, I was in the room adjoining, I was going out of the shop, and I gave the slip, to a person who will appear next, which is my brother; I had that day week lost about 20 l worth; I went into the parlour, just as I was at the door, the prisoner comes in and takes these articles up; my brother pursued him, and took hold of him just before he was out of the shop, I saw him stop him as I came out; he let them fall in the shop, and he said he was only moving them because I was gone out; I do not know him, but I heard him say that expression, he took them from the counter, I then took him below till I had time to see for a constable, for fear he should be rescued; I could not find one, I took him to Bow-street, and carried the things to Bow-street along with the prisoner; and they delivered them to me, and I have kept them ever since. (Produced and deposed to.)


                  WILLIAM
                   SCOFFELD
               



             sworn.
I am the brother of the last witness; I was in the shop at the counter end, nigh the door, it is No. 78, Piccadilly


; the goods were folded up on the counter; this man came in, the door was open, and catched hold of the goods and was going off immediately, he was about two yards and a half from the door when I took the goods and laid hold of him, and said, you thief I have catched you, and immediately he tumbled the goods out of his hand just down by his feet; my brother came out and we took him to Bow-street.
John Scoffeld I petition you to tell the jury to find the value of the things under 40 s.
Prisoner. I leave it to the court.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
GUILTY. (Aged 17.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
