





683. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LOCKITT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               obtaining by false pretences ten glass tumblers, value 10 s. two glass decanters, value 5 s. and twelve wine glasses, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Nicholas 
                     Goodwin
                  




               
            .


                  JANE
                   GOODWIN
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner. I am wife of 
               
                  Nicholas
                   Goodwin
               



            , of Coleman-street. On the 24th of July
, between three and four, the prisoner came to me; he brought a note; I have it here. (Produced.)
Do you know such a person as 
               
                  William
                   Copeland
               



            ? - Yes; he is clerk to Mr. Spode; I believe he has been at our shop as clerk to Mr. Spode, and done business as such: I gave the prisoner ten half pint tumblers, and two quart decanters: they were my husband's property: he came back for some more, and my daughter served him; I was present; he said, he came for a dozen wine glasses from Mr. Spode.
When he asked for a dozen of wine glasses, who did he apply to? - My daughter; and she gave him them.


                  JANE
                   SOPHIA GOODWIN
               



             sworn.
On the 24th of July last I was present when the prisoner came in with the note; I did not read it; I do not know what it was: my mother gave him ten half pint tumblers and two quart decanters; he came again in less than half an hour; he said, he wanted a dozen of wine glasses; he said, he came from Mr. Spode; I gave them to him: Mr. Spode keeps a Staffordshire warehouse; he has borrowed some things at our house: I knew the prisoner;he lived at Mr. Spode's once, but not at this time.


                  WILLIAM
                   COPELAND
               



             sworn.
(The note shewn him.)
This is not my hand writing. (The note shewn to the court.) I never sent any such note: I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Josiah
                   Spode
               



            : the prisoner was a servant of Mr. Spode's about five months ago.


                  JOSIAH
                   SPODE
               



             sworn.
I never gave any orders for any wine glasses: I was on a journey at that time.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I have never been in the prosecutor's shop these eight months, since I left Mr. Spode's service.
Mrs. Goodwin. I am sure he is the man; the first time I saw him I said, he was not the man; but on seeing him again, I said, he was the man; I had seen him twice or three times, when he was in Mr. Spode's service.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
