





108. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     MARR
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of May
, a leather pocket-book, value 1s.6d. the property of 
                     
                        George 
                        Warmington
                     




                  , privily from his person
            .
GEORGE WARMINGTON sworn. - I live at Hook Norton, in Oxfordshire: On the 3d of May I was standing in Dufour's-place, Broad-street


, to see the Association go in there; I kept my hand in my pocket, and had hold of my pocket-book; I took my hand from my pocket, and put it up to my hat, for I was in a great sweat, being hot weather; I put my hand down as quick as possible again, and my pocket-book was gone.
Q.Did you at all perceive it go? - A. No.
Q. Did you feel any hand in your pocket? - A. No, I did not; I immediately said to Mr. Freeman, of Carnaby-market, who was my friend, that I had lost my pocket-book; I immediately turned to my right hand, and saw the prisoner getting away through the crowd.
Q.How near was he to you then? - A.About five or six yards from me; I saw him attempt to put something into his side pocket; I cried out, stop thief, and he dropped the pocket-book, I saw him drop it, I picked it up; he was then secured,(produces the pocket-book); I left it at that time with Mr. Perkins, of Carnaby-market; I am sure it is the same pocket-book.
Q. Was the prisoner carried before a Magistrate? - A. Yes.
Q.Then what the is the history of his not being committed till yesterday? - A. He got away.
cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Was the prisoner out of your sight from the time you first saw him, till he was taken? - A. He was not.
Q. There were a great many pople about? - A. Yes.

Q. Probably there were some people between you and the person that was stopped? - A. Yes.
Q.If the prisoner is the person, he does not appear to be a very tall man? - A. No, he is not.
Q. You did not see his face at all, till he was stopped? - A. No, I did not.
Q. Are you quit sure, that, considering the number of persons between you and the prisoner, that you could not be mistaken? - A. I am sure he is the person.
Q. Now you speak to this pocket-book from its general appearance? - A. Yes, and from the papers.
Q. Is Mr. Perkins here? - A. No.
q. I take it you would not swear that Mr. perkins has not changed these papers from one pocket-book to another? - A. No; there are several things in the book that were in it when I lost it; I am sure it is the same book, I have had it these ten years.


                  WILLIAM
                   WILSON
               



             sworn. - I was in Dufour's-place on the 3d of May last; I was standing to see the St. James's Volunteers go in, and heard a cry of stop thief, I cannot say from whom; I perceived the prisoner at the bar coming forcibly out.
Q. What do you mean by forcibly? - A. In a hurry.
Q.Did you see Mr. Warmington before that time? - A. No, I saw something drop from the prisoner, but could not see what it was for the mob, it was rather getting dusk, and there were many people; I saw Mr. Warmington with a pocket-book; I took the prisoner to St. James's watch-house, and he was examined the next day; I am very sure the prisoner is the man.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. How far were you from the prisoner when you first heard the cry of stop thief? - A. It may be three or four yards.
Q. How far were you from the prisoner when you thought he dropped something? - A. I was then close to him, rather before him.
Q. There were no persons between you and hom then? - A. No.
Q. Did you see Mr. Warmington at that time? - A.Not to notice him.
SAMUEL. HEAPSON sworn. - I was at Dufour's-place; I heard a cry of stop thief; I turned round, and heard a person run by me; just after that he fell down, and something sell from him; Mr. Warmington then came, and picked up a pocket-book: there were some people collected together, and I heard Mr. Warmington say, he would have him punished.
Q. Are you quite sure that the prisoner is that person? - A. No, I did not distinctly see his face.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Could you distinguith a person fifteen yards from you, with a crowd round you? - A. I think not.
Prisoner's defence. I was in Dufour's-place, there was a crowd collected, and they called out, stop thief, and, in the mob, I was pushed down, and close by my side there was a pocket-book found, and I was taken to the watch-house.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 10d
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middiesex Jury, before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
