





95. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WEST
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously and burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Young
                     




                  , about the hour of twelve in the night, of the 17th of December
, and burglariously stealing therein a cloth coat, value 3s.
             the goods of the said Francis Young.


                  FRANCIS
                   YOUNG
               



             sworn.
I live in apartments, in a gallery, the landlady lives in the same gallery, at some distance from my apartment, but it is all one connected building; I went to bed on the 17th of December, and I was alarmed in the night, between twelve and one, and I got up on that alarm, and went out into an adjoining house, in an adjoining room, and in an adjoining window that connected with my apartment, I saw the prisoner, and he was detained by the skirt of his coat, that he could not get away, and when I got to him I took him, I found he had put my coat on under his own coat, I have had the coat eighteen years, I can swear it is my coat, the coat was taken off my bed.
- sworn.
I am an hostler, I was going by, and I saw the prisoner come out of this man's parlour window, between the hours of twelve and one in the morning, I went to him and laid hold of him with my right hand, and asked him what business he had there? immediately I called out for assistance, and the prosecutor came out of his bed; and the skirt of the prisoner's coat catched hold of the window somehow, and he could not get off; he had the prosecutor's coat under his own coat, we took it from him, and I have had it in my possession ever since.
Prisoner. I was going along this gallery, I had no where to sleep, and I saw this coat lay and I picked it up, and that man came up to me, and asked me what I had to do with it? I told him what wasthat to him, and he called Mr. Young, and told him I had come out of a window, and they took me to the watch-house.



GUILTY.
Of stealing but not of the burglary.(Aged 22.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
