





576. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FOREMAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Dawes
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of two in the night, on the 4th of June
 last, and burglariously stealing therein an iron roasting jack, value 12 d. twenty pounds weight of old iron, value 1 s. one brass pottage pot, value 12 d. and one padlock, value 6 d. and one staple, value 1 d. his property
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   DAWES
               



             sworn.
I live No. 17, Newcastle-court, Temple-bar


: my warehouse joins my house. Just before the clock struck two I heard some body in this warehouse; I got up to strike a light; but I could not; and when I got up in the morning I found the padlock and screw wrenched out, and the padlock taken away, and the things in the indictment: I found the door that goes into the yard broke open; it was not the house door: all the property I lost was in the yard, none of it in the warehouse: I locked up the gate myself which was broke open.
Court. Is this yard a yard to the dwelling-house or to the warehouse? - To the warehouse.
Has it any communication with the dwelling-house? - It adjoins to it: the watchman took up the prisoner; I have got my jack again; I saw it at the justices.


                  THOMAS
                   SPACK
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman in St. Clement's parish. At half after two, on the 4th of June, as I was sitting on a bulk, I saw the prisoner coming through Gilbert's passage; he seemed very much fatigued; says I halloo! he said, I wish I was at home; he had an old jack, which he had picked up in Fleet-street: I took him to the watch-house.

Mr. Beth, Prisoner's Counsel. Was it day-light? - Yes.


                  EDWARD
                   TREADWAY
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. On Friday, the 4th of June, the prisoner was brought before Justice Walker with a jack, and no person appearing, he was discharged: in the evening the prosecutor came and swore to the jack; it has been locked up under my care ever since, in a lock-up key.


                  ROBERT
                   HARPER
               



             sworn.
(Produced the jack, which was deposed to by the prosecutor.)



               GUILTY
            , of stealing the jack.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
