





725. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PHIPPS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of October
, eighty pounds weight of lead, value 10 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Adams
                        




                     
                  , affixed to his dwelling-house
            .


                  JAMES
                   ADAMS
               



             sworn.
I am a tallow-chandler
. I live No. 42, Whitcomb-street


. About half after twelve on the 3d of this month I was alarmed by two lodgers, that there was a thief at the top of the house; we all went into the street naked, and got assistance, and the prisoner was taken.


                  CHARLES
                   HENRY CONNER
               



             sworn.
I am a boot closer. I lodge in the prosecutor's house. I saw a man on the top of the house: 
               
                  William
                   Welch
               



             sleeps with me: I heard a noise in the next room, and saw the prisoner come to our window, and looked in; then he tore off the lead, and took it into his window; I informed my employer; and he said, he would kill him; I said, do not be so inhuman, let him be tried: I knew the prisoner before; he lodged at the next house: I saw his face very plain: he was taken directly: I saw the place where the lead had been taken: I saw the prisoner rip and tear the lead from the side of the window.


                  DUNCAN
                   GRANT
               



             sworn.
I am a patrol. It was very near one o'clock. I was alarmed, and went up to the garret with the landlady: I knocked several times; nobody answered; I broke open the door: the man was laying with his breeches on, pretending to be asleep: the prisoner had his breeches and stockings on; and the lead was in another bed in the next room.


                  WILLIAM
                   JAMES
               



             sworn.
I am the watchman. I found this lead in a spare bed, in the prisoner's room: the justice gave the lead to Adams.
Adams. I have the lead: I did not see it fitted; the justice said it was unnecessary.
Prisoner. The lead was in the next room.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
