





40. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BARKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of November
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Felsted
                        




                     
                  , a bank note, value 10l. the property of the said 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Felsted
                     



                  , one gold ring, with in hair device,set about with garnets, value 3s. eight guineas in money, a pair of paste shoe buckles, set in silver, value 5s. a paste head for a hat pin set in silver, value 1s. a gold mourning ring, set with diamonds, value 15s. a ditto with an hair device, set in paste, value 7s. a ditto value 5s. a ditto value 5s. a silver box, value 1s.forty-seven a silver counters, value 10s. 6d. and a gold mourning ring,value 5s. the goods and monies of the said 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Felsted
                     



.
The case opened by Mr. Leech.


                  THOMAS
                   FELSTED
               



             sworn.
I am a confectioner
, the prisoner at the bar came to me on the 29th of October, and left my service on the 4th of November, he pretended illness, I asked him his address where he should be found if it was necessary? he referred me to Mrs. Hunt at the Parr's Head, Islington, or Mr. Hunt a Schoolmaster, in Southgate, where he was going to be teacher.
Q. Did you lose any property in the course of the month of November? - On the 19th of November my daughter sent desiring to speak to me, and when I went up into the room, she informed me a great quantity of the goods were missing.
Q. Did you miss a considerable quantity of property? - I did, all the articles in the indictment.
Q. Do you know of any particular marks on the rings? - The initials of my wife's maiden name is on one of the rings.
Q. What did you do in consequence of missing your property? - The next morning I went to Mr. Perry's in Oxford Road, the gentleman that gave him a character. I acquainted him with what we had lost, and he informed me that the prisoner had been there, and told him that he had left my service.
Q. Did you afterwards go to the Parr's head, Islington? - I did not.
Q. Nor to neither of these two houses he referred you to? - Not till last Sunday, then I went to Mr. Hunt's, at Southgate. In the evening he sends me a letter that my suspicions were well founded.
Q. Be so good as to tell me when you saw the prisoner afterwards? - The 26th of November.
Q. For what purpose did he came to you then? - He came to me to receive a little matter that was due.
Q. What sum was it? - It would have been about five shillings.
Q. How many days did he live with you? - Six days.
Q. When he left your service did he say any thing as to wages due to him? - Then he said be lived so little a while with me, that he did not wish to be paid. I desired him to walk into the back room, and when I got him there I shut the door.
Q. What past on the 26th? - When he came to my house to receive what was due, I desired him to walk into the parlour, when I got him there, with the door shut, I taxed him with the robbery, I put it directly to him, I said, Barker, you have robbed my wife of her property, so and so, he denied it, upon which I sent for a constable.
Q. When the constable came what did you do then? - Before the constable came he had taken out of his pocket two keys, I saw him take them out of his pocket.
Q. Were they the common kind of keys? - One was a very extraordinary kind of a key, which struck me as soon as I saw it.
Q. Have you got it here? - I gave it to the constable.
Q. Was it applied to your drawer, or any place? - I did not go up stairs, I kept with the prisoner.
Q. Did you give both keys to the constable? - I did, I had him afterwards conveyed to the compter.
Q. Did you order the constable the next day to go any where after him? - I did not.
Q. Was you present at any part of the transaction? - No, the evening of that day I was informed that he had escaped out of the compter.
Q. Did you take any steps in consequence of that information? - Not any myself.
Q. Was you present afterward at any time? - On the day following I was, onhe 27th we had a hearing before Alderman Clarke, that was the first time I saw the prisoner after that, from the time he left my service, the fourth.
Q. From the time you sent him to the compter to the time of his examination before the justice, had you seen him? - I had not.
Q. Had you any conversation with him concerning any part of your property after the examination or before? - Not any, only when I taxed him with it.
Prisoner. He took the key out of my pocket himself before the constable came, and sent his wife up stairs to the drawer.
Prosecutor. I did not.
Prisoner. I never took these things at all from him, he has got the duplicates of my own property, I went to get them of him.
Prosecutor. I have not any.
Prisoner. He says that I came to him the 20th of the month, and I came to him the Wednesday after Michaelmas day, I came the 4th or 5th, and left him the 8th.


                  Mary
                   Felsted
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness.
Q. Did you happen to lose any property in the course of November? - I did.
Q. State the circumstance. - I lost all the articles that are mentioned in the indictment.
Q. When did you first miss the things? - On the 19th they were all in a box, deposited in that drawer, in a chest of drawers.
Q. Did you miss them all at one time? - I did.
Q. Did you see these articles since the prisoner came in your service? - Yes, on the 30th I examined the box, they were all safe there then.
Q. Do you recollect on what day the prisoner came into Mr. Felsted's service? - I believe it was on the 29th of October.
Q. Are you sure it was before you searched the drawer to see the things were safe? - The things were safe before he, came, I know they were safe before he was in the house.
Q. Was the room in which the drawer was, a room to which the servants had access to? - They had not except on particular occasions.
Q. What room was it? - We call it a great room, It was a large room over the dining room.
Q. When did you miss the property? - On the 19th.
Q. Had you had any occasion to look into the drawer between the 30th of October and that period? - On the 2d. of November, on Sunday morning, I took out a gold watch out of the box.
Q. Did you leave the other things in the indictment behind? - I did.
Q. Did you examine? - I did not, but the box appeared as usual.
Q. When, after that, did the prisoner leave your service? - I think on the 4th I think on the Tuesday after.
Q. You missed these articles on the 19th - Yes, I did.
Prisoner. I came to you the Wednesday after Michaelmas day.
Witness. It way the 28th or 29th of, October.
Q. How many days do you suppose him to stay? - About six days, that was the utmost.
Q. What day of the week do you take the 28th or 29th to be, that he came? - I believe it was on Wednesday, I cannot exactly say, he went away on Tuesday.


                  JANE
                   BALANDINE
               



             sworn.
I am servant
 to the prosecutor, and maid of all work.
Q. Had you occasion to desire the prisoner at the bar to attend to any particularpart of the house? - Between ten and eleven o'clock I was in the dining room, it was the 2d day of November, on the Sunday, I had been about a quarter of an hour, as nigh as I can recollect, when I thought I heard a noise up stairs, I went to the kitchen to seek this man, and he was not there, I went to the landing place and called him, and he answered.
Q. From what part of the house did he answer, as near as you can guess? - I thought his noise did not come from the cellar, which made me ask him where he was? he answered he was in the great room, I then asked him what he was doing there?
Q. Where was you at this time? - I was on the landing place. He told me he had just stepped up to look at the pictures.
Q. Was that a room to which the servants had access? - They never had any business there that I knowed of.
Q. Did the prisoner stay in the house after that, or go out? - He called me down to mind the door till I went up stairs; this was after those words passed between me and him, he went out about half an hour after that, I went up stairs when he came down, and when I came down again, finishing what I had done, he had gone out.
Q. Do you know how long he had staid out? - No I cannot say.
Prisoner. You remember that this young man and you were viewing the pictures before I went up by myself.
Court. Was there a young man with you looking at the pictures? - He was out at the time.
Q. Who is the young man that the prisoner is speaking of? - He is a servant in the house, he is a confectioner, he works along with the man in the cellar, he is a journeyman.
Q. Was that journeyman in that room at all that day? - He was in the room that day, after the prisoner had been out and come in again.
Prisoner. Did not the young man give me leave to go out? - I was not in the kitchen at the time.
Q. Was not you standing by the young man at the time when he gave me gave to go out? - No, I was making the beds at the time.
Q. How came you to find out I was in the big room? - The young man was out at that time.
Q. Who let the young man in? - I came down stairs from making my beds, and let the young man in myself.
Q. Where was I at that time? - To the best of my recollection you was on the landing, but that was after I called you out of the great room.
Q. Do not you remember that you come down and would not let me go to the door? - When I called him out of the great room, I desired him not to go to the door, because if a ring came I would go myself, and I went down and let this young man in, and I went up stairs again, and when I came down, this Barker was gone out.
Q. Will you say you was not up stairs? - Yes, after you came in again, about three o'clock.
Q. Was it not when you was viewing the pictures when I asked him leave? - No.
Q. We had not got dinner then? - You did not dine any at home that day, you dined out, and you said you dined off a goose.


                  THOMAS
                   WARD
               



             sworn.
I am a constable.
Q. Did you apprehend the prisoner? - On the 26th of November, Mr. Felsted sent to me to take charge of the prisoner. Mr. Felsted gave charge of him, and at the same time gave me a key.

Q. Did he give you more keys than one? - Yes, I have got two keys, I searched the prisoner and found two duplicates besides. Mr. Felsted told me he was robbed, and that the prisoner gave him this key, and that this key unlocked his drawer, in the prefence of the prisoner.
Q. Did you apply that key to any drawer? - I went up stairs with Mrs. Felsted, and locked and unlocked that drawer where Mrs. Felsted said the things were, with this key.
Q. Was the prisoner present? - Not when I was up stairs, I then took him to the compter.
Q. Did the prisoner say any thing respecting the key? - He said it was a key that he had found I was witness when the duplicates were taken out of the woman's pocket the next morning.
Q. State how you came to go to his lodgings? - On that same day, Mr. Baldwin, at the Compter, sent to me, to know if I knew any thing of him, that same day in the evening of the 26th, I said no, I did not. They told me that he had made his escape from the Compter, and they asked me if I should know him again? I said I should, because I had a great scrummage with him in Cornhill, when he wanted to make his escape out of the coach. I was with him the next morning when he was apprehended in Frog-lane, Islington.
Q. State what happened there. What part of the house or room did you take him? - In the one pair of stairs front room, he had got up the chimney, but that was before I saw him, he was in the room when he was taken, he was very black, it was at his lodgings.
Q. What time of the day was it you took him? - About seven o'clock in the morning.
Q. Did you see him in the room? - Mr. Hillier and Mr. Baldwin were up first, I was not in the room first, he was very black when he came down.
Q. Did you make a search there? - Mr. Hillier searched the room.
Prisoner. Did you take the key of me, or from Mr. Felsted? - From Mr. Felsted.
Court to Ward. Is that a skeleton or not? - No, it is a very good key.
Q. Did you find it to open the drawer with facility? - It went rather tight, but it did lock and unlock it.


                  RICHARD
                   HILLIER
               



             sworn.
I am an officer. All that I know of the business is, that after he escaped from the deputy keeper of the Compter, I went to apprehend him with other assistance, we found him in a one pair of stairs apartment in a house in Frog-lane, Islington; we broke open the door and he jumped out of bed and he endeavoured to conceal himself in the chimney, we found him however in the chimney, and we searched the room without any effect, but we searched the pockets of the woman that was in the room, and in her pockets I found a nutmeg grater, and that nutmeg grater contained some duplicates, among which was one that answered to a ring that belonged to the prosecutor, that was pawned, that one led us to a Mr. Wildman, it mentioned a ring pawned by Barker, Mr. Wildman is here, the woman seemed very much distressed about it.
Q. Did you understand that to be is wife? - I cannot say from my own knowledge.
Q. Was the woman dressed or undressed? - They were both in bed when we broke open the door.


                  WILLIAM
                   WILDMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker as Islington.
Q. Do you know the person of the prisoner? - Yes.

Q. Did he at any time pawn any thing with you? - Yes, on the 20th of November, he brought me this ring, and said it was his own property, and that he lived at Highgate.
Q. What might you advance him on it? - Three shillings.
Q. Can you take on you to say that is the ring you received from the prisoner? - Yes.
Q. to Prosecutor. I asked you before if any particular mark was in any particular ring you lost? - That set with garnets had M.T. on it, and the date of the year.
Q. Do you know the date of the year? - No, I cannot say, it being a present I made so many years ago.
Q. Was that ring your property? - It was.
Q. to Prosecutrix. Was that one of the rings you missed? - It is.
Q. What is the value of that ring? - I cannot justly say.
Prosecutor. I valued it at three shillings in the indictment.


                  ELIZABETH
                   VAUGHAN
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Perry and Tuff, the confectioners.
Q. Did the prisoner call at your house after the day that is stated he left Mr. Felsted? - I suppose about a week after he left Mr. Perry's; I remarked two rings on his fingers.
Q. Did you notice what kind of rings they were? - The one to the best of my knowledge, was a gold ring.
Q. Do you recollect what kind of a ring the other was? - No, I do not.
Q. to Prosecutrix. Is that a gold ring with an hair devise, set about with garnets? - Yes, it is.
Q. to Vaughan. Did you happen to see any money in his possession? - He gave me a guinea to change and I had no change.
Prisoner. I have subpoenaed three witnesses since last Monday, and I could not get them served. I was going through a church yard, there was a lady going by and I saw the ring lay, and a lady said what is this? says I, a ring for me.
Q. to Prisoner. In what church yard was this? - In Allhallows church yard, London Wall, and they sent a little boy to me at the church door, and he went and fetched the church-warden out, and he took the ring from me and kept it a week, and I left it between eight and nine days, and I went again to him, and he gave me the ring; so in the course of time, when I had pledged all my clothes, for since I have left Mr. Felsted, I have pledged every thing that I had, and I pledged this ring also, and as to the other ring I had on my finger, it was a fourpenny ring that I bought to play with some girls; if I had taken this property from him I never would have come back for any thing of my wages, I never took a hap'worth of his in my life.(A paper from the prisoner read by the clerk of the Court.)
My Lord, I am at present distressed and not able to see a counsellor, therefore humbly hope your lordship will humbly become my advocate. On the 27th of September last, as I was going along Allhallows church yard, I found the ring, which one Mr. Henly, who keeps a shop, observed; Mr. Henly told me it would be proper to leave it with the church-warden till I got an owner for it; I accordingly went and left the ring in the church-warden's possession, and I believe a week after I called at the church-warden's, and he said it was not worth advertising, and he returned me the ring, and being distressed I pledged it. I went to live with the prosecutor, and he would at first have a week's trial with me; the second day I was with him I found it wouldnot answer for me, and I desired him to provide himself with another in the course of a week, he said nothing then, but when he found I was going, he seemed angry, and when I was taking my things away, he said he would enquire further into my character; I told him he was welcome. In about three weeks after, being distressed and having been obliged to part with my clothes and the ring before mentioned, I went to the prosecutor, who charged me with this felony, and he took from me two keys, one of which his wife went up stairs with; and said it opened her drawers, and said she would have me hanged; I was sent to the compter, and in less than an hour after being there, a man asked me if I wanted to go out? I said, I did, and he let me go out, I went home to my own lodgings, where I was taken the next morning with a quantity of duplicates, but all my own property.
The prisoner has subpoened Mr. Beck, the church-warden, and Mr. and Mrs. Henley, to prove the finding of the ring; and as to the key opening the drawer, it is only as the circumstance happens for it is the key that belonged to the trunk of a brother in-law of his, who was killed by a fall from his horse; and became the prisoner's property. Afterwards this key was lost for some time, he was obliged to break open the lock; and sold the trunk some time after this; and the key remained in his possession. The prisoner is charged with taking bank notes; yet, it must appear to your lordship, that your lordship cannot think he could have had such property in his hands, it is plain that he pledged his cloaths, as appears by the duplicates.
Court to Prisoner. Can you prove to the taking out of the subpoenas? - Yes, I took them out of Mr. Shelton's office.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 27.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
