





209. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     PAGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of February
, two Bank notes, value 20 l. and three Bank notes, value 10 l.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Brown
               




            .
He was indicted, in a second count, for feloniously stealing a ruled paper book with a leather cover, value 2 d. and a bill of exchange, value 20 l. bearing date Feb. 22, drawn by Ryley and Fowler on 
               
                  John
                   Fenblaque
               



            , the said bill of exchange being the property of John Brown, and then due to him.
JOHN BROWN sworn.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - Yes; he was in my service on the 23d of February: I am a tea-dealer
: I lost two 20 l. and three 10 l. Bank notes, and a bill of exchange drawn by Ryley and Fowler on 
               
                  John
                   Fenblaque
               



            , esq; he lives in Great James-street, Bedford-row, No. 36: I ordered 
               
                  George
                   Page
               



             to carry them to my bankers, Messrs. Hodsoll and Co.; they were not delivered; I did not see them for six days; I ordered them to go on the 23d of February; the boy did not return that day; I saw him again on the 26th, at the Rotation-office, Whitechapel, in custody; I had notified my loss at Sir Sampson Wright's office, and bills were posted up.
When you found him at Sir Sampson Wright's office, did you see any thing found upon him? - I did not.


                  GEORGE
                   WITHERS
               



             sworn.
I keep a tavern in Goodman's-fields. On Thursday, the 24th of February, the prisoner at the bar, in company with another man, came into my house; after they had been about two hours, they asked the waiterto send in the master of the house; I went to them and asked them their business; the prisoner told me he had got some property to deliver into my hands, to take care of for him until morning; he gave me two twenty pound notes, and two tens: I know the name subscribed to the ten pound note, I know is Gethen; on the morning of the 25th, I delivered them to him again; they both stopped in my house that night; in the morning, upon their asking what was to pay, the waiter took in the bill, and they sent out one of the bank notes, which I changed, and took for the reckoning; in the course of the day they returned again, and they delivered me three notes and six guineas in cash, to keep for them until the morning; they staid in the house that night also; in the morning, a man who dresses my hair sent up to me, that he had something to communicate particularly; and he told me he had seen some handbills in the city, that gave a description of the person he had seen in the yard; I desired him to go and tear down one of the bills, and bring it to me, that I might compare it with the notes; while he was gone I fetched a constable and secured him. When the hair-dresser came back, we compared the numbers of the notes, and found them to be the same.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
When I had these notes, I chanced to drop them going along, a man picked them up; I asked him for them, and he gave them to me, and looking at them I found one short, and I was afraid to go home.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 17.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Lord Chief Justice KENYON.
