





88. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOLME
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing three pound and an half of copper, value 2s. 7d. and half a pound of brass value 4d.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Warner
               




            , December the 5th
.


                  JOHN
                   DYER
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Warner
               



            , a brass-founder
: On the 5th of December my master came into the shop, and desired me to follow the prisoner, he thought he had got something; I followed him through Red-cross-street, into Golden-lane; I saw him go into an iron shop, Mr. Rogers's; I staid till he came out; coming down Golden-lane; I saw him put something into his waistcoat-pocket, what, I could not tell; I acquainted my master that he had gone into and old iron shop, what he had done there, I could not inform him of.
Q. What time was this? - A. About one o'clock, when the men went to dinner; we got a search-warrant and searched the house, but could find nothing in it; the runners returned to my master, and desired us to watch him again; accordingly, at five o'clock, we did: we watched him, and he went into a shop; I suppose the signal was given, and he came out again; 
               
                  James
                   Matthews
               



             then took hold of him, and said, William, your master wants you; he came back, and I said, I believe we needed a constable to search him; while the constable was gone for, he began taking the metal out of his pocket; I said, William, you may as well take it all out that you have; he said, he had; I said no, he had not; he had a piece of metal in his pocket, and accordingly he took it out.


                  JAMES
                   MATTHEWS
               



             sworn.
I am fellow-workman with the prisoner: On the 5th of December, I went, about seven o'clock in the morning, my master told me he had been robbed; at five in the afternoon, my master ordered me to watch the prisoner out of the shop, I stood opposite my master's house; about five he came out, and instead of turning towards his own habitation, he went down Golden-lane, into the shop of Mr. Rogers, he stopped about a minute; he had understood, by some notice, that there was a search-warrant, and turned round short upon me to come out; I laid hold of him, and told him my master wanted him at home, he gave me no answer at all; I followed him very close, and he shifted the metal out of one pocket into another; I saw it in his hands several times.
Q. You had not told him what you came for? - A. No, I did not; he came back into the shop, and I told him what he was charged with; I sent for a constable, and before the constable came in, he pulled it out of his pocket, and laid it on the counter; my master asked him how long he had robbed him? he said, it was the first time, and he hoped he would forgive him. The constable came in, my master gave him in charge, and he was sent to prison. (The metal produced in Court.) That is my master's property.
Jury. Q. Can you swear that it is your master's property? - A. Yes; it is metal that I cut up the night before.
Jury. Q. Did you never cut any like it before? - A. Yes, many thousands; in the course of the Saturday, I saw this metal in the cellar two or three times; I took particular notice of the metal, for I had marked in the morning a great quantity of it; and between nine and ten o'clock, in the day,I went down into the cellar and examined the metal, whether any of it was gone; a great part of it was gone that I had marked.
Jury. Q. You did not put any particular marks upon it? - A. No, not as I did upon the other. About four o'clock I went down again, and it was all gone but about two ounces. I look upon it I might have marked eight or nine pounds; and I went down at four o'clock, I took particular notice of this metal lying then in my master's cellar.
Q. Do you swear to it all? - A. No, not to it all; I can swear to these three pieces; they have gone through my hands a great many times. I can take upon myself, positively, to swear that they were my master's property, I had it in my hand before I doubled it, and after it was doubled. About four o'clock was the last time that I saw it before I found it upon the prisoner; I have had as much practice in metal, I believe, as most men in London; I have lived with my master above thirty years.
Jury. Q. What is your mark? - A. There is the mark of a hammer upon one, and a double in another; I had it in my hand about four o'clock.
Jury. Q. Which end of the hammer did you strike it with? - A. The blow came with the ball of the hammer.
Court. Q. You don't use claw hammers? - A. No.
Prisoner. As to cutting it up, my Lord, he did not.
Jury. Q. Do you know whether Mr. Warner ordered this prosecution?
Court. Q. That is a question that we have nothing to do with, Gentlemen.(
               
                  Edward
                   Warner
               



             was called, but, being a Quaker, refused to be examined).
Court. (To Matthews.) Q. How long had he worked for Mr. Warner? - A. About three quarters of a years.
Prisoner's defence. I have some witnesses to give me a character, my Lord.
Jury. (To Matthews.) Q. What may be the value of all that metal? - A. About 3s.
Jury. Q. What is the weight of it? - A. Four pounds, three ounces.(The prisoner called 
               
                  Richard
                   Lewis
               



            , a surgeon and apathecary; Thomas Bishop, who had known him thirty years; Joseph Allen, William Granger, and Benjamin Dalton; who all gave him a good character).
Court. (To Matthews.) Q. How long has he lived with Mr. Warner? - A. I believe, about six months.
Court. Q. Do you know where he came from? - A. I don't know how he came there, or who recommended him.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 47.)
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.




[Transportation. See summary.]


