





332. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BUTLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of May
, two guinea, half a guinea, and eighteen-pence in monies numbered
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bott
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   BOTT
               



             sworn.
I am an oil skin manufacturer
 in the Strand, last Friday morning I was returning home about three o'clock, from Temple Bar, and I was met by the prisoner near Norfolk-street


, she took hold of me, and before I could get a way from her, I felt her hand in my pocket, and I said she had robbed me, and I called the watch, the watchman came, she put her hand up to her mouth, I heard something in her mouth, and presently she made a swallow, the money I missed was two guineas and half, and eighteen-pence; the watchman took her to the watch-house, and I gave charge of her; I had been no farther than Temple Bar, and I had spent my evening with Mr. Hartley, and this happened near Norfolk-street; I was perfectly sober.
Prisoner. When you first came up to me, you said to me, I think you are the woman that robbed me; I said my friend I never see you before, you immediately seized my hands till the watchman came up; at first you said you lost two guineas and a half crown, and afterwards you said it was not half a crown, it was eighteen-pence. I have a witness that he said in the morning, that if I would give him a guinea, he would say no more about it, nor appear against me; I only put my hand to my mouth to wipe my nose, because they would not suffer me to take my handkerchief out of my pocket, he first said that he would make it up if I would give him the money.
Prosecutor. I never said any such thing.
- sworn.
I am a watchman, I heard the watch called about three o'clock, and I went up.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 31.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
