





512. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH, otherwise 
ELIZA 
                     SMITH
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of September
, five pair of stockings, value 1l. 2s. 6d. two muslin caps, value 5s. 6d. two handkerchiefs, value 15s. and four linen shifts, value 39s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Finch
                  




               
            .
(The case was opened Mr. Watson.)


                  MARY
                   FINCH
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Watson. I am the wife of 
               
                  James
                   Finch
               



            ; the prisoner at the bar lived with me as shop-woman
; I missed a piece of muslin, in consequence of which I went up stairs, in company with Miss Joyce, into the prisoner's room; where I found in a box, belonging to the prisoner, two muslin caps and a piece of muslin which I missed, that was on the Sunday; on the Monday, Mr. Finch advised me to look through the wrappers that contained muslins, which I did, and I missed a square of fine lawn; I then told the prisoner I wanted to see her box; I was so much agitated on the Sunday, with finding these things, that I did not think to look into her other boxes; Miss Joyce, and Mrs. Lewis, were present when she opened her boxes, and I found five pair of stockings and some cambric pocket-handkerchiefs.
Q. Did she say any thing at that time? - A. She denied the shifts and the pocket-handkerchiefs; the shifts, she said she had made before she came to live with us; the pocket-handkerchiefs, she said she had had sometime, but afterwards confessed that they were our property.
Q. Before she confessed, had you held out any promise or threats? - A. No; I had pointed out the marks.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Your shop is a ready made linen shop? - A. Yes.
Q. And these were articles of that kind? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you, according to the ancient custom of the city of London, carry on trade solely in your own name? - A. Mr. 
Finch and me jointly; Mr. Finch is made as much debtor for the goods we buy as I am.
Q. What business does Mr. Finch carry on? - A. Mr. Finch has a situation under the Lord Chancellor.
Q. You carried on that business before Mr. Finch married you? - A. No; I did not.
Q. Are you not a separate trader, the bills are made to you, are they not? - A. They are as often made out in his name as mine, be is the responsible person.
Q. Mr. Watson. Q. Are you free of the City your self? - A. No; Mr. Finch 1s.


                  CAMILLA
                   JOYCE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Watson. I am shop-woman to Mrs. Finch; the prisoner was shop-woman there to: On Monday, the 16th of September, Miss Joyce and I went up stairs with the prisoner, and she herself opened herboxes and found some stockings, pocket-handkerchiefs and shifts, belonging to Mrs. Finch; she denied the shifts being their property at first, till I told her I knew the work, and then she confessed it, and a constable was sent for; the stockings had the shop mark upon them.(Thomas walker, the constable, produced the property, which was deposed to by Mrs. Finch.)
Mr. Knowlys. (To Mrs. Finch.)Q. Did you not say to her, you know you have taken them, you had better confess it? - A. No; nothing of the kind.
The prisoner left her defence to her counsel, and called seven very respectable witnesses, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 33.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
