





283. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Stamp
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eight in the night, on the 11th of April
 last, and feloniously stealing therein fifteen silk handkerchiefs value 3 l. his property
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   STAMP
               



             sworn.
I live in the Strand, the corner of Southampton-street


; my house was broke open the 11th of April; candles had been lighted about half an hour; I was standing behind my counter; it was dark without; there were two a-light in the shop, one near to this window that was broke; I was folding up some goods, and heard a great smash; I went directly to the window, and found the handkerchiefs were gone; some black, and some coloured; their value about three pounds; my shop door was fastened on the outside by a cord; I heard a cry of stop thief! the prisoner was pursued and brought back in the space of a minute or two; there were six black handkerchiefs on him, which Day brought to me; we found the rest in an area, in Southampton-street, about four doors from my house; I have kept them ever since; (produces them) there was a ticket on the black handkerchiefs at Bow-street,but that was lost; part of that ticket was the mark of the warehouse where I bought them, and part my mark.


                  JOHN
                   DAY
               



             sworn.
I sell fruit at the corner of Southamton-street; I was serving a person with six penny worth of oranges; I heard the glass break and pursued the prisoner; he was close by, I never lost sight of him; I took him with six black handkerchiefs upon him; I brought him back to the shop; there was no other person near him; I did not see him throw any thing away; I gave the handkerchiefs to Mr. Stamp, and I really believe these are the very same.


                  JOSHUA
                   GARRARD
               



             sworn.
Between eight and nine I was crossing Southampton-street; I heard a jingling of glass; I saw a boy about the size of the prisoner at the bar start from the place, and I never lost sight of him till the mob surrounded him; I think he is the same boy.


                  THOMAS
                   BOCK
               



             sworn.
I am an umbrella maker, I live opposite to Mr. Stamp; the night was dark; I heard the glass break; I saw the prisoner in custody; I picked up two handkerchiefs in an area, and the rest lay upon the rails which covered the area.


                  John
                   Day
               



            . The boy ran straight up Southampton-street.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been to the Savoy for my father, and coming back, I came through Southampton-street, somebody ran by me and dropped something; I tried to pick it up, and this gentleman (pointing to 
               
                  John
                   Day
               



            ) came and laid hold of me.




               Guilty of stealing, to the value of 39 s. not of the burglary
            . (Aged 14)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
