





117. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BOUNDS
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of January
, four silver table spoons, value 30s. seven silver forks, value 40s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Johnson
                        




                     
                  , Esq. in his dwelling house
            .


                  ROSETTA
                   KINDELL
               



             sworn.
Q. Where do you live? - With 
               
                  Samuel
                   Johnson
               



            , in Charlotte-street


.
Q. You are servant, are you? - Yes.
Q. What do you know about the loss of any plate of Mrs. Johnson's? - On the 2d of February the prisoner at the bar came to Mr. Johnson's, and knocked at the door.
Q. Did you go to the door? - Yes, the prisoner said he had brought some feathers for the ladies, he gave me those feathers, and while I went up to shew them to the ladies -
Q. Where did you leave him when you went up stairs? - On the mat in the passage.
Q. How long was you up stairs? - Not five minutes.
Q. When you came down again, where was he? - The boy was gone, and the door left open.
Q. Did you miss any thing? - I missed the seven forks from the side board, and four table spoons from the table.
Q. Where was the side board? - In a room opposite the garden door.
Q. Was the cloth laid? - Yes, for dinner.
Q. How long had you seen them beforethe prisoner came? - I had not been in the parlour for some time, my fellow servant laid the cloth.
Q. What time of the day was this? - Between three and four o'clock.
Q. Did you go yourself into the parlour as soon as you came down and missed the boy? - Yes.
Q. Did you see any thing of the things afterwards? - Not the forks or the spoons that were gone.
Q. You brought the feathers down with you again? - Yes, I brought them down to tell him he had made a mistake, but when I came down the boy was gone.


                  WILLIAM
                   NORRIS
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Johnson; I was not at home when the boy came, I came home afterwards. I laid the cloth at about half past two, in the parlour, I put eight table spoons on the table, two at each corner, I put five silver forks on the table and two butter spoons, and four silver falts and falt holders; on the side board there were seven silver forks lay all of a heap, and half a dozen desert spoons in the knife case, and one soup ladle.
Q. What time was it you came home? - I believe it was near half past four.
Q. What did you miss when you came home? - I missed the seven forks from the side-board, and four spoons from the table.
Q. Did you see any of this plate again? - No, I have not seen it since.
Q. To 
               
                  Rosetta
                   Kindell
               



            . You had not been in the parlour after the cloth was laid, till the boy went away? - No.
Q. Then how was you able to say that you missed these things out of the parlour? - My fellow servant told me the cloth was laid.


                  Q. 
               


            Fix as near as you can what time of the day it was? - Between three and four.
Q. To Norris. What time of the day was it you went out? - About half past two as near as possible.
Jury to 
               
                  Rosetta
                   Kindell
               



            . Pray where does your parlour door open to? - Just by the garden door in the passage.




               GUILTY, Of stealing in the dwelling house to the value of 39s.
             (Aged 18.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
