





180. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     GARDINER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Simpson
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of ten in the night of the 23d of March
, and burglariously stealing therein three pewter dishes, value 5 s. two brass candlesticks, value 2 d.
             his property.


                  JOSEPH
                   SIMPSON
               



             sworn.
I keep the King's Arms
, Newtoner's-lane


. Last Friday evening my house was broke open; I was not gone to bed; the prisoner and three more came in and called for a pot of beer, and brought some sausages; I dressed them; they went for some more, staid an hour and a half, paid their reckoning, and went away about ten; in about ten minutes I heard a noise in the kitchen; the kitchen is divided from the tap-room about breast high, and a curtain over it; I undrew the curtain, and saw the prisoner taking the candlesticks off the shelf; the three pewter dishes were gone; here is the candlesticks; he was alone in the place; another got over the wall; he was discharged; the door was locked; there was a window in the kitchen, which was shut down, but not fastened; I had not put it down to my knowledge; I do not know I had been in the kitchen that evening; I never saw the dishes since; they were all I had; I saw them that evening: I called to the prisoner as he was taking the candlestick, but he would take them, and did, and jumped out of the window; I seized him in the yard; these are the candlesticks.


                  WILLIAM
                   STIRRUP
               



             sworn.
I picked up one of the candlesticks, and the other I took from under the prisoner's jacket: I was in the house at the time drinking a pint of beer.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was in the publick-house most of the evening, and tossing up for liquor: I went to the necessary, and heard somebody, and Mr. Simpson stopped me.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not of the burglary
            . (Aged 20.)
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


