





337. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CHAMBERLAYNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing forty pounds weight of type, made of mixed metal, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Andrews
                        



                     
                  , the elder
, and 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Andrews
                        



                     
                  , the younger
, in their dwelling-house
            .


                  JAMES
                   ANDREWS
               



            , the younger, sworn.
The prisoner was a journeyman
 to my father a fortnight; the 26th of October, in the evening, half past seven, he went out of the room where he was at work into a passage, I saw him through a hole in the door take some letter, and put into his pocket, some of the cases for the letter lay in the passage; he left work at eight, he went down stairs, I went before him; I stopped him, he was going out; he denied having any of the property about him; I sent for a constable, and searched him; he took out of his coat six pounds weight, he was sent to the Compter. We found some at an old iron shop, which he said he had sold the preceding day. I went the next day to the oldiron shop, where I found near two hundred weight; this was found by his direction in the house of 
               
                  William
                   Stevens
               



            . I could not swear positively to the type; there was some of the type which we found at the iron shop did not all belong to us; the value of what I saw him take is 6 s.


                  WILLIAM
                   STEVENS
               



             sworn.
Mr. Andrews came to me on Thursday, he brought a sample of types, he asked me if I had ever bought any of that kind? I said yes; I shewed them all I had, about two hundred weight. I bought of the prisoner; he said they were his perquisites as the sweepings of the shop. I am not a judge of them, I looked upon them as old lead; I gave 1 d. per lb.


                  CHARLES
                   FREER
               



             sworn.
I produce 6 lb. weight of letter which I took out of the prisoner's pocket, and some that I took out of a bag.
Prosecutor. He only worked a fortnight with us.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing at all of those in the bag, those which were found in my pocket I took from necessity, and I am very sorry for it.




               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 6 s.
             (Aged 34.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
