





308. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PEARCE
                  




               
             was indicted for feloniously 


               stealing, on the 27th of june
, six reams of writing paper, called fools cap, containing one hundred and twenty quires, value 2l. 10s. the goods, wares and merchandize of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Winkworth
                        




                     
                  , being on a wharf adjoining to the river Thames, called Broken Wharf



.


                  JAMES
                   WHEELER
               



             sworn.
The paper was landed out of a barge into the warehouse on Broken Wharf.
Q. Does Broken Wharf adjoin the Thames? - Yes.
Q. The barge that brought the paper was on the Thames? - Yes.
Q. In what street is it in? - Thames-street.
Q. To whom did the paper belong? - Mr. Benjamin Winkworth; he is a wharfinger
.
Q. He keeps Broken Wharf, does he? - Yes.
Q. What sort of paper was it? - Fools cap.
Q. What quantity? - Two bundles, six reams, three reams in each bundle.
Q. What do you know of the prisoner having taken them? - The watchman informed me of it; the paper had been landed a week, a hundred and twenty bundles.
Q. And two bundles, containing six reams were missing? - Yes, on Saturday morning; I am certain I see them there on Friday evening.
Q. Did you ever see them again? - Yes, at the constable's house.
Q. What was Pearce, the prisoner, was he in the employment of Mr. Wink worth? - No; he has been, some years back, he has not been for some years.
BENJAMIN BREADCUTT sworn.
I am a watchman of the ward of Queenhithe. The prisoner at the bar passed me between the hours of two and three, last Saturday morning.
Q. How far is that from Broker Wharf? - It may be ten or twelve yardsfrom where I see him at first; I see him with a bag on his back, and I stopped him, I asked him what he had in the bag? he said he had a few coals; I told him he must go to the watch-house, let them be what they would; he begged and prayed me not to take him there, I told him he must go, and he went.
Q. Did you examine the bag? - Yes, we did.
Q. What did you find in it? - Six reams of paper. (Produced.)
Q. What did he say on the paper being found? - I don't knew what passed afterwards; I went out of the watch-house, I delivered my charge to the constable.


                  RICHARD
                   MUNN
               



             sworn.
I am a patrol; I see the man coming up Broken Wharf with it (William Pearce) with this bag on his shoulder, and the watchman seeing me go after him, the watchman followed me, and we stopped him, both together; he begged and prayed me not to stop him, he had got a few coals in the bag; I told him I must see what it was; he flung the bag off his shoulder; the watchman held him fast while I opened the bag, and see what was in it, and I found this paper in it.
Q. Did any thing pass at the time that you examined the bag? - No, nothing at all.


                  THOMAS
                   FALKNER
               



             sworn.
Q. Are you a constable? - Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            Were you at the watch-house when this bag was brought in? - I was gone round the ward, but I was in about five minutes after, and I found the prisoner there, Munn, and the watchman.
Q. Was you there before the bag was opened? - No, it was open before I came, I see paper it.
Q. Was any thing said about the paper? - No. (Produced.)
Q. To Wheeler. Do you know whether that is the paper that is lost? - I am very certain of it; the paper landed from the lighter was a hundred and twenty bundles, a hundred and nineteen brown wrappers, and one white wrapper, and I missed one brown and the white. This is the brown and this is the white, and the plate is No. 13.
Prisoner. Did you ever see me on the wharf? - I see him on the wharf; I see his eyes fixed on this lot of paper.
Q. Have you any witness that you see me on the wharf? - Yes, I think I can bring a witness that see you talking with Mr. Leopard's man.
Court. Was it before it was lost? - I suppose about four or five o'clock in the afternoon, as nigh as I can guess.
Q. Was that the same night it was stole? - Yes. The warehouse is on the wharf, up a few steps.


                  Q. 
               


            What was the value of the paper? - Fifty shillings.
Prisoner. I was going to throw in some coals into a west country barge that lay on the river, and I found this laying in the dock while I was going.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing, but not on the wharf.(Aged 35.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
