





94. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     AKERMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of December
, a leather pocket-book, value 3s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Murray
               




            .


                  JOHN
                   MURRAY
               



             sworn. - I am master of the Blazer Gun brig
, at Woolwich; I was walking, on Thursday the 28th of December, from Somerset-house, where I had been transacting some business, at the Navy office, and I had got as far as Temple-bar


, when I felt a hand in my pocket, and instantly clapping my hand to my pocket, found my pocket-book gone; I saw the prisoner at the bar at my elbow, and taxed him with the theft, he denied it with the utmost coolness; I clapped my hand to his coat pocket, and found nothing that could give me a suspicion that if was there; a gentleman now in Court, Mr. John Dawson, was passing by at the time, and while I was in conversation with him, a coachman called to me, and in consequence of what he told me, I ran up to the prisoner, and took the pocket-book out of his possession, he had a stick in one hand, and the pocket-book under his coat, on his left-side, with his arm close to his body; I took it out in the presence, I suppose, of 100 people, it was the same book that was in my pocket, (producing it;) there were a vast number of letters in it, directed to myself, and a variety of other papers, by which I know it to be mine.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Upon searching his coat pocket, you found nothing to justify your suspicion? - A. No.
Q.During the short conversation you had with Dawson, you lost sight of him? - A. No; I kept sight of him the whole time.
Q. When you went up to him the second time, did he not say, now, sir, I have it? - A. No, he did not; I took it from him before he could have time to say a single word; after I had taken it from him, he said so.
Q. You seized him so instantaneously, that he had no time to speak? - A. Yes.
Q. Did he not tell you he had picked it up? - A. Yes, after I had taken it from him.
Court. Q. Is the coachman here? - A. No, he is not.

JOHN DAWSON sworn. - I live with my brother, who is a ship and insurance broker; on Thursday the 28th of December, between one and two o'clock, I was coming from Somerset house, into the city; a little on this side of Temple-bar, the prosecutor laid his hand on my arm, I never saw him before, and asked me, if I thought the prisoner had picked his pocket; I told him it was impossible for me to say; at that moment, a coachman in livery came up, and I assisted the prosecutor in seizing the prisoner; we found a pocket-book in the inside of his coat, that is all I know of it, the prosecutor said it was his.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. He said he had picked it up, after the prosecutor had first taxed him with it? - A. Yes.
Prisoner's defence. On the 28th of December, I had been to see my mother, who lives in Edward-street, Soho, from thence I went to the Strand; I was going to see 
               
                  John
                   Owen
               



            , a servant of my late father's, who is extremely ill, and for whom I have a great respect; as I was going under Temple-bar, I was there accosted by Mr. Murray, who said, have you got my pocket-book? I instantly replied, no, I am not a man of that description; I had my cane in my right-hand, and nothing in my left-hand; Mr. Murray took my coat, opened it, and looked inside, but found nothing, he seemed confused, and going along between Mr. Child's, the banker's, and Temple-lane, I picked up the pocket book, before I could turn round to shew it, or offer it, to Mr. Murray, I was seized instantaneously, so much so, that I had the book forced up against me in the manner Mr. Murray has described; he said, you have got my pocket-book, I said, yes, I have, I have picked it up; Mr. Murray would not have gone any further in it, but Mr. Dawson would have me taken to Bow-street; going along in the coach, he said, we shall soon do his business for him.
Q.(To Murray.) Did you see the prisoner stoop at any time? - A. I did not.
Q.(To Dawson.) Did you see him stoop? - A. I did not, he was out of my sight.
Jury. (To Murray.) Q. The prisoner says, you opened his coat? - A. I solemnly protest, I did not touch his coat above the pockets.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not turn your back to go through Temple-bar? - A. No; I went sideways, and kept sight of you all the time.
The prisoner called seven witnesses, who had known him from three to twenty years, and gave him an excellent character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
