





758. 
               
                  
                     CATHARINE 
                     HICKEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of July
, a silver desert spoon, value 5 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel Scattergood 
                     Kemp
                  




               
            .


                  LYDIA
                   KEMP
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of the prosecutor, my husband is a wine and brandy merchant
, I know the prisoner at the bar very well, she was first of all my charewoman, and afterwards my servant
; I did not know at the time the spoon was lost that she was the person that took it, but I suspected another servant that we had parted with; I know the spoon to be mine, it was pawned in her own name to 
               
                  Samuel
                   Sadler
               



            .


                  WILLIAM
                   COLE
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Kemp, I produce a spoon I had from Mr. Berry's Aldersgate-street, Mr. Sadler is foreman to Mr. Berry.
Q Was Sadler present? - Yes, he was. It has been in my possession ever since.


                  SAMUEL
                   SADLER
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Berry, a pawnbroker; I myself took this spoon in of the prisoner at the bar, I had known hersome years before that time; I took it in on the 19th of July.
Q. Did she tell you how she came by it? - She did not, I took it in from the knowledge I had of her.
Court. It was very bad behaviour to take such things of a charewoman.
Mrs. Kemp. It is my husband's property, W. M. K. is on it, for 
               
                  William
                   Marsom Kemp
               



            .
Prisoner. I never pawned the spoon; this lady and gentleman have entrusted me with a great deal of property, I am a widow at present with six children; I never wronged them of a halfpenny.
Mrs. Kemp. She has six children, three of these children I assisted in putting to the parish, and they are better away from her than with her; since I lost the spoon I find she has the basest of characters.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 38.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
