






354. 
               
                  
                     BURTON 
                     WOOD
                  , alias 
                     
THOMAS SIMTH





            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HARROD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of June
, two linen shifts, value 5s. and two pieces of muslin, value 1s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Becket
               




            .


                  NATHANIEL
                   HOGAN
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 8, Great Sutton-street, Clerkenwell.
Q. Do you remember, on the 6th of June, seeing the two prisoners at the bar? - Yes, very well; the tall one I observed at a distance off, at Mr. Ghrimes, as I supposed lashing something to a long stick that they had in their hands; after that they both proceeded down to Mr. Ghrimes's house.
Q. Who had the long stick? - I cannot say perfectly; they were both close together. They looked at the house to see if any body were looking out of window, and up and down the street; on which the short one laid down on his belly, and presently I see him pull up from the window a piece of white linen, which the big one put in his apron, and went out to the middle of the street and looked round, and by that time the short one had another piece up with his stick, and after that he hooked up another; and by that time the watchman began to come his beat, and they walked away, and went down and informed the watchman what I had seen, and I went down the back street to endeavour to meet them, and before I got to the watchman again he had got Smith, the tali one; the other I did not see; then we took him down to the watch use, and there I left him.


                  WILLIAM
                   PAINE
               



             sworn.
Q. You are the watchman of the parish of St. James's, Clerkenwell? - Yes.
Q. You remember the last witness pointing out these persons to you? - Yes. This gentleman came over to me, just after four o'clock in the morning, and told me that he had seen two men lurking about there, and observed them drawing some linen out of an area window, and that the best way to take them was to go up the back street; accordingly we did, he went round, and I went the other way; I caught the biggest of the prisoners with the hook in his hand, tucked up his sleeve.
Q. Did you search him? - I did; he had nothing else but this.
Q. Where did you see the other prisoner? - We took him on Saffron-hill, the same morning, soon afterwards; he had a bundle in his hand, and that bundle contained the things that were lost.
HATRED BONNECK sworn.
I took the things out of his hand; I am a houseman belonging to the watch-house. When 
               
                  Thomas
                   Smith
               



             was brought to our watch house, we asked him many questions; he downed on his knees and begged their pardon, and if they would go to such a number on Saffron hill, there we should find 
               
                  Thomas
                   Harrod
               



             with the bundle. We went there, and could not find the things in the room; but standing a bit, he came up stairs with this bundle; (Produced) I stopped him and opened the bundle, and asked the prosecutrix if these things were her's? and she said they were. I have had them ever since.
Q. Who brought Harrod to the watch-house? - All of us.


                  CHARLOTTE
                   BECKETT
               



             sworn.
I live in Sutton street, No. 52.

Q. Is that the house described as Mr. Ghrimes's? - It is. I left two shifts and two pieces of muslin, on a chair, and across the horse in Mr. Grimes's house. There were many other clothes in the kitchen too.
Prisoner Smith. I have one favour to beg, and that is to let me go to sea; I have been three years, and a half in the merchants service; I have got a wife and two children.
Prisoner Harrod. I would take it as a great favour if you would let me go to sea.
Burton Wood, otherwise Thomas Smith, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 24.)
Thomas Harrol, GUILTY. (Aged 20.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the Second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
