






617. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HULLOCK
               




             and 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  LEADER
               




             were indictedfor 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Humphry 
                        Briant
                     



                   and 
                     
                        William 
                        Button
                     



                  , between the hours of five and six in the night, on the 25th of October
, and stealing therein, four pieces of printed callico, each piece in length twenty-eight yards, value 6l.
             the goods of the said Humphry Bryant and 
               
                  William
                   Button
               



            .


                  WILLIAM
                   BUTTON
               



             sworn.
Q. What are you? - A wholesale linen draper

; I am in partnership with Humphry Bryant.
Q. Where is your shop? - In Pancras-lane, Cheapside


.
Q. Did you live there? - I did.
Q. What is it, a shop and dwelling? - Yes.
Q. All under the same roof? - It is.
Q. Do you recollect any thing happening at the house on the 25th of October? - I was out of town, I was at Canterbury, I returned on Monday, the 27th, and missed these things.
Q. Have they been found again? - Four of them. I have no printed marks on them; but I swear they are the prints that I lost.
Q. Do you know either of the two prisoners at the bar? - No, I never see them before, except when they were taken before the alderman.


                  JAMES
                   BRYANT
               



             sworn.
I am the constable. On Saturday, the 25th of October, William Eaton, another of the witnesses, and myself was going down Basinghall-street, about seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoners at the bar past us; as they past us I had a suspicion seeing this bag on one of their shoulders, we thought they had something in it that was not their own, I turned about immediately, and the youngest of the two, Leader, turned about, to see if I was following them, as I apprehend, Eaton and me followed them till they came into Church-alley, which leads into Aldermanbury, out of Basinghall-street; I then stopped both immediately and asked them what they had got In that bag? 
               
                  John
                   Hullock
               



             answered that he had got prints; I asked him what prints? and where he was going with them? he said I might go along with him, and said he was going to his master's; I asked him where his master lived? he told me in Cow Heel-alley; that is an alley leading out of Whitecross-street into Golden-lane; I told him it was a place I did not chuse to go to, our watch-house was nearer, he should go to that. I took him down to the watch-house, and sent for the keeper; as soon as I got them in the watch-house and got a light, I asked them what was in the bag? he said at last, they were four gowns; I told him I did not chuse to go to Cow Heel-alley, I asked him to give a direction where he brought them from; he did not give an answer for some time; I said, I insisted on knowing where you brought them from; he then said, he did not know the gentleman's name; I then asked him if he knew the name of the street? and I would endeavour to find out the house; he told me, no, he did not know the name of the street; and then I insisted on knowing how he came by them; and he told me that a man in the street told him he would give him two-pence for carrying them; that was all the account I could get out of him.
Q. Which of the prisoners was it? - John Hullock had the property.
Court to Button. Do you six on any of these things to be your's? - Yes, every piece of them, all to be mine; but I have no marks particularly, only oneis marked with a pen the same as one that I have in my possession.
WILLIAM EATON sworn.
I was present with 
               
                  James
                   Bryant
               



             at taking up this man.


                  THOMAS
                   WARD
               



             sworn.
On Saturday, the 25th of October, I was turning me to go for a pitcher of water, which I did, and saw the warehouse with the street door open; I live in the house with them.
Q. What time did you go out for the water? - Half past five.


                  Q. 
               


            It was hardly dark then, I believe? - Not quite dark.
Q. Was not you rather surprised? - I was rather surprised to see the warehouse window open, and on turning the prints over I found three of one pattern gone, and three or four different other patterns gone.
Q. When had you been in the warehouse before? - About five minutes before.
Q. Was the window fast? - Yes.
Q. How was the window when you saw it afterwards? - One square of wood was pushed into the warehouse.


                  Q. 
               


            Was these prints so near the window that a person might have got to the prints? - The window was so high that no person could have got them.
Q. And was the breach so large that it would admit any person getting in? - No.
Q. Then it must be drawn out by something? - Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            When did you give information? - To my master, on Monday morning.
Q. You did not know that the prisoner had been taken on Saturday night? - Not till my master told me on Monday.
Q. Do you know any of these things? - This is the pattern that there were these gone of.
Q. Do you know any thing of the prisoner? - No, I never see him before.
- HOGARTH sworn.
I know two of these prints very well.
Q. Who were they made by? - By Mitchell, in Carlisle, he was the printer of them, there are the printer's name on the ends of them; I sold two of these prints to Mr. Button, myself, to the best of my knowledge.
Prisoner Hullock. I was at home about half past six o'clock, this here young man came and called me down; I was at home with my wife and family; and he asked me to come as far as the Old Jewry with him, to carry a bundle for him; so I went along with him, and he told me to wait there for about ten minutes, and I did, and he brought me the bundle to carry for him as far as White Horse court, and he would pay me for the trouble. I have got a wife and two childern.
Q. How old are you? - Twenty; I have got a young boy four years of age, and my wife now lies in; I am quite innocent of it as a child unborn; them two gentlemen asked me what there was inthe bundle? and he told me there was nothing but prints, and I told them there was nothing but prints; I never saw them, till I saw them open at the watch-house.
Prisoner Leader. I never saw this man before with my eyes; I had been in Cheapside, and down Basinghall-street, and got about forty or fifty yards down Basinghall-street, and this man overtook me, and he asked me what it was o'clock? I told him about seven; he asked me where I was going? I told him I was going toBeech-lane, and he said he was going there too.
The prisoner called two witnesses who gave him a good character.
John Hullock, GUILTY. (Aged 20)


                  Charles
                   Leader
               



            , GUILTY. (Aged 17.)
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. but not breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
