





406. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SIMPSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, an hundred pounds weight of lead, value 5 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Dennis
                        




                     
                  , and affixed to a certain building of hers
            , against the statute.


                  FRANCIS
                   MATTHEWS
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; I took the prisoner into custody. The prosecutrix lives at No. 2, Percy-street


. I took him the 24th of October, about ten minutes after nine at night, in Stevens-street; I stopped him accidentally.


                  JOHN
                   DOLSTON
               



             sworn.
I am a patrol. Last Monday night, a little after nine, I took the prisoner with the lead, the last witness was with me. The prisoner said, he found the lead by a watch-box.


                  FRANCIS
                   COOPER
               



             sworn.
I live in the prosecutrix's house. On the 24th, in the evening, I was at home; I was looking to see if the rest of the lead was gone, a part was gone before. I saw the lead on the pump next the mews the night before. The lead is fixed to the wall of the house.


                  JANE
                   KNIGHT
               



             sworn.
I saw a man on the building between nine and ten; I do not know who the man was; it was very dark; it is in a mews.


                  JOSEPH
                   AMMETT
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner close to the place where the lead was taken away; it was a quarter past nine; he had nothing about him.


                  JOSEPH
                   WHITEMAN
               



             sworn.
I was the constable of the night; I detained the man, and fitted the lead the next morning; it fitted exactly; it seems to be ript off.
Court to Matthews. When you took the prisoner in Stephen-street, how near is that to Mrs. Dennis's house? - About 200 yards.
Prisoner. I found the lead.
(The lead produced, and deposed to.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
