





276. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     GILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John
                        
                        Babb
                     



                  , about the hour of one in the night, of the 25th day of June
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, twenty-eight pair of worsted stockings, value 24 s. one worsted stocking, value 3 d. five yards of silk, value 5 s. the property of the said 
                     
                        John
                         Babb
                     



                   and 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Cooper
                        



                     
                  , in the said dwelling house
            .
A second count, laying it to be the property of 
               
                  John
                   Babb
               



            , and 
               
                  Samuel
                   Cooper
               



            , in the dwelling-house of one 
               
                  Robert
                   Bowen
               



            .
The witnesses examined separate.


                  JOHN
                   BABB
               



             sworn.
I am a hosier

, I live in Leadenhall-street


, my house was broke open on Saturday the 25th of June: we have a ware-house under the shop, which has a sash-window to it, secured by iron bars, it is part of the house, it was secure when I went to bed, to the best of my knowledge; at twelve o'clock I went down to every place but that, the house was secure; at a quarter before four o'clock, I was alarmed by the watchman, it was light, full day-light; one of my servants looked out of the window, and the watchman informed us we were robbed; I did not go into the warehouse till eight o'clock, a pane of glass seemed to be cut out, the sash was not opened, only the pane cut out; they got out a quantity of hose, there were twenty-eight pairs of worsted stockings, and many other things which I cannot ascertain; they are the property of Babb, Cooper and Bowen. They are the property of Babb and Cooper only in fact, because Bowen was not in partnership with us in this stock, it being an old and prior concern, and Bowen is but recently come into the partnership; I saw part of the goods on the same Saturday morning, they appeared to be got out by a hook. I found my warehouse in a very different state, part of the goods are in the hands of the constable.


                  JOSEPH
                   PAGETT
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Babb; I was in Mr. Babb's house, on the 25th of June, I saw at four or five o'clock the window, I cannot tell exactly, the square was out of the window, there appeared to be less goods than when I saw them before; I was in the warehouse many times on Saturday, many articles were kept in the warehouse; I found the hook a little below the window on the inside.
(The hook produced.)


                  RICHARD
                   HALL
               



             sworn.
I am porter to Mr. Babb, I saw the warehouse safe on Saturday evening, I examined it between eight and nine o'clock, it was then safe; I saw some goods lie under the window, they were within two feet of the glass; I do not sleep in the house, there was a visible appearance of a decrease of goods.


                  JAMES
                   GRIERSON
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to Mr. Babb, I sleep in the house, I was in the warehouse at four or five clock.
Pagett. I saw the warehouse a about five o'clock the morning of the robbery.
Grierson. I did not see the warehouse after five o'clock in the afternoon, previous to this robbery, there was a variety of goods near the window, the house was secure at ten o'clock; I was alarmed at three o'clock in the morning, I heard the clock strike, the watchman alarmed me, I came down stairs, I discovered the things moved, and the window broke, cut out with a knife; there were worsted stockings and silk breeches pieces, I cannot tell the quantity or number of pairs of stockings; I found the stick in the cellar, Paget found the hook, the constable has the stick.
- PINNER sworn.
I am constable of Aldgate ward; I have got twenty-eight pair of stockings, and two pieces of silk for waistcoating; on the 25th of June, after three in the morning, the prisoner at the bar was brought to the watch-house about a quarter past three, in Leadenhall-street,by two or three watchmen; I was constable of the night; in the bustle he threw down the green piece of silk on the ground, and I saw him very busy about his breeches, and I searched him, and found four pair of stockings, and a single stocking, in his breeches, and money; the other twenty-four pair were brought in by the watchmen. I produce the property.


                  THOMAS
                   LOMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; on Saturday the 25th of June, ten minutes after three, I was going my round, and in Bowker's-garden I saw the prisoner forty yards from the prosecutor's house; I saw him and another man concealing the property behind a stone; I said halloo, what are you at? they made no answer, but they immediately made their escape; they ran off, but did not get out of my sight; he got out of the garden, into Cree Church-lane, he was taken at the bottom of Cree Church-lane, I did not take him myself; as soon as I found he was secure, I called some of my brother watchmen; I went to Bowker's Gardens, and found the property, twenty-four pair of stockings, and a waistcoat piece; I left the things in care of the constable of the night: these goods are the same.
- HARROLD sworn.
I am a watchman; I took the prisoner in Cree Church-lane: I am sure he is the man.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Betwixt three and four o'clock I was going to Crutched Friars, I picked up one pair of stockings, the watchman cried, stop thief; I saw a young man run past me in a brown coat, he turned down an alley; they searched me, and found the one pair on me.
Prosecutor. I swear to the waistcoat pieces; I think the four pair of stockings are mine, I do not like to swear to them, as other people may have the same kind of goods.
(For the prisoner.)
A WITNESS sworn.
The prisoner lodged with me two years, I have known him seven years, he is a shoemaker; I believe he is not a thief, I never heard any thing of the kind of him.




               GUILTY, of stealing
            . (Aged 17.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
