






544. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     SHAW
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of September
, two linen sheets, value 12s. two linen shifts, value 12s. two linen pillow-cases, value 2s. a linen towel, value 8d. and a coarse towel, value 4d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hodges
                  



               
            .
Second Count. For stealing like goods, the property of 
               
                  
                     Roger 
                     Baker
                  



               
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   HODGES
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Hodges
               



            , I sell old linen in Monmouth-street, I know nothing of the loss myself.


                  ROGER
                   BAKER
               



             sworn. - I keep a little shop and a mangle
; the linen was delivered to me by Mrs. Hodges's little child, and I took them and put them down on the mangle in the shop; I went down into the kitchen upon some business between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning as near as I can guess; I returned in a few minutes, and Mrs. Baker called me up in haste and asked me what I had done with the bundle of linen that I had received; I said, I had laid it on the mangle, and she said, she had lost it out of the shop; I received information of the prisoners, and I immediately went to the Bull's-head, in Crown-street, a few doors from my house, and found the two prisoners were there; I got a constable, and secured them; the property has never been found.


                  JANE
                   BAKER
               



             sworn. - The two prisoners came into my shop on the 8th of September, between ten and eleven o'clock in the forenoon; Shaw asked for half an ounce of tobacco, the bundle was then lying on the mangle; another man then came in and asked for some sugar-candy, he asked me how much there was for a penny, I said, half an ounce; he said, he thought he should have an ounce, and then turned round to Harris, and I missed him and Harris all at once; I did not see them go; then Shaw threw a piece of silver upon the counter, and told me to give him change; I took the silver in my hand, and asked him if he called that a shilling; he said, yes; I told him it was too large for a sixpence, and too small for a shilling; I took three different shillings out of the till and weighed it, it was too light, I told him I could not take it; he took the silver back, and went out of the shop; I missed the bundle, I was going to mangle it, and then I called my husband as he has related; I went to the Bull's-head, in Crown-street, and there I found the two prisoners, and they were taken before a Justice; I am sure the prisoners are the two men that came into my shop first.


                  CHRISTOPHER
                   COOPER
               



             sworn. - I am a grocer: On the 8th of this month, between ten and eleven o'clock, I was standing behind my counter, in Compton-street; I saw the prisoners, and two other young men, pass along on the other side of the way, they went on to the corner of Stacey-street, all four together, they stopped about a minute in conversation, when Shaw left them, apparently to go home, he lives that way; he might have got ten paces, when the other three lads followed him, and in about two or three minutes afterwards I saw Harris with a bundle of linen under his arm, such as was described at Marlborough-street; Harris, and the biggest of the other two, passed close under my window, the other was on the other side of the way, and when he saw me looking at him, he stopped running; it struck me it was a robbery, and I learned that they were gone into the Bull's-head, in Crown-street; the bundle appeared to the like a bundle of sheets done up with a brown wrapper over it, that did not quite cover it, the things were apparently in a rough state, not mangled. When the constables came, I went to the Bull's-head, and the two prisoners were taken into custody; I pointed out Harris as the person who had the linen under his arm, But I never saw Shaw after the time that I speak of.
Jury. Q. Did you know the prisoners before? - A. I have known Shaw a long time, and the other I know by sight; I have seen him frequently.


                  BENJAMIN
                   POOLE
               



             sworn. - I apprehended the prisoners at the Bull's-head, in Compton-street, in company together.
Harris's defence. I went into this shop with a young man who had got a cold, to buy some barley-sugar, he said he could have more than that for money, and we came away, and went to the Bull's-head, and there we were taken.
Shaw's defence. I know nothing at all of the bundle, I went into that public-house as I generally do at my meals, I never saw Harris before in my life, I am entirely innocent.
Shaw called three, and Harris one witness, who gave them a good character.
Shaw, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)
Harris, GUILTY. (Aged 18.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
