





130. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of January
, seven linen shirts, value 40 s. three cambrick half handkerchiefs, value 6 s. a cambrick neck handkerchief, value 3 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Buck
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD
                   BUCK
               



             sworn.
I live in Cecil-court, St. Martin's-lane


. On the 4th of January I lost seven shirts, three half cambrick handkerchiefs, one double one, out of my back kitchen; I found one shirt on the prisoner, on the 4th of January, I knew him before, he came to visit a lodger that lodged in the house about three weeks ago since he first came, he continued to come frequently about three times a week, to the best of my knowledge; I had missed some things before the 4th of January, I missed six shirts, not at once, but every day I looked them over, I thought my servant might have made away with them; ever since the prisoner's friend Champion came to lodge in the house, I lost something every Week; last Friday evening he was detected with one shirt in his pocket; I had no suspicion of him before the servant 
               
                  John
                   Mills
               



             saw him put it in his pocket; I saw him take the shirt out of his pocket, I desired him; I told him he had been seen, that was all that was found upon him; I charged the watch with him, and took him down to the watch-house, it was half after ten at night; I keep a public house; the shirt was marked E. B. I have had it in my custody ever since. (Produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner. How many times was I in your house during the time my friend lived with you? - About three times a week.
Q. Where was I when you took me? - He was in the parlour.
Q. I was in the passage at the door coming from a little kind of pantry. - He was in the parlour and ordered a glass of crank, he was going out from the parlour door from the passage.
Prisoner. My lord I took it to be a clout, and I took it to wipe my hands upon.


                  John
                   Mills
               



             was called upon his recognizance, and did not appear.



                  JANE
                   CARR
               



             sworn.
I am sister to the last witness; I was in the pantry for a plate, and I heard the scrape of a foot; I saw a man in the pantry opening a cupboard and taking the shirt out, he went into the back yard and unfolded the shirt, and held it up to the light; I saw him do it, and he folded it up again, and put it into his pocket, and buttoned his coat over it; I was in the pantry the same time he was in; I was in before him and had no light; but I could see him; I was behind the door; he carried the shirt into the yard, and held it up to look at it by the light of the parlour window; he went along the passage, and I followed him as close as I could; as I followed him close, he asked then for a glass of crank, and he went into the parlour, and directly as he went into the parlour, I went to my brother in the bar, and told him I had found the thief out, and my brother came out of the bar and met him coming out of the parlour door, and my brother past him, and said, he had got something more about him than he ought to have; he said, he had not; my brother insisted on seeing; I followed him, and I saw him pull the shirt out of his pocket before a number of people that were in the room; then he was taken to the watch house.
Prisoner. I would wish to ask her what she was doing in that pantry? - I went for a plate.
Prisoner. She was playing with 
               
                  John
                   Mills
               



             that is not come forward; my intention was to wash my hands; I saw her as well as she saw me? - There was nobody with me in the pantry.
Prisoner. I went to see my friend, who lives at this man's house who is a taylor, which is frequented by taylors; I went up stairs and stayed two hours with my friend, who is a ladies shoemaker, and earns a guinea and a half a week; I came down stairs, he desired to light me down; I told him I did not wish to be lighted down as he was very busy, I supposed I could find my way down; the stairs are exceeding bad, and coming down I slipped my foot and fell down three or four steps, and I put my hand into some dirt, it appeared to me to be dogs dirt, I went into the pantry where that lady and this 
               
                  John
                   Mills
               



             were concealed, just a little behind the door; I saw them both very well, there was a kind of a little cupboard which was open; I took up some kind of linen to wipe my hands, and went to go into the yard to wash them; I went into the yard and washed my hands, this man came and forced me into the tap room, where there were eight or ten taylors, and he had me secured and sent to the watch-house; I am a servant of Mr. Lamires, my master will give me an honest and just character; I served general Toning three years; I have nobody here now because I expected to be tried at Hick's-hall, on Friday.
Q. When did you leave general Toning's service? - I was five weeks out of service between living with him and Mr. Lamire.
Court to 
               
                  Jane
                   Carr
               



            . Did he wash his hands? - No my lord.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 45.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
