





9. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of November
, one pound weight of congou tea, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the goods of the 
               
united companies of merchants of England, trading to the East Indies




            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Garrow.)


                  CAESAR
                   JOHNSON
               



             sworn.
I am a labourer in the East India company's warehouses; the prisoner Williams was an excise officer
; on the 20th of November, between eleven and twelve, on Tuesday in the forenoon; I am positive that I saw 
               
                  William
                   Williams
               



             robbing the company, by putting his left hand to lift up the lid of the chest, and putting the tea in his left hand pocket, the outside pocket. I gave information to Mr. Wilson my elder of it; he was stopped and I see him searched; I saw the overseer take the tea out of his pocket; and it was congou tea, the same sort as is in the chest.


                  JOHN
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I am one of the elders in the East India company's warehouse; Williams was an assistant locker to the excise; in consequence of what Johnson informed me, I ordered him to be searched, and there was upwards of a pound weight of congou tea found on him loose in his coat pocket.
Q. Did you examine the chest out which Johnson stated he had taken it, was it congou tea? - It was, Mr. Chasemore has got the tea.
Q. What was the value of the tea found on him? - 2 s. 6 d.


                  JOHN
                   CHASEMORE
               



             sworn.
I searched the prisoner by the desire of Mr. Stockwell, the company's warehouse keeper; I found the tea loose in his left hand coat pocket, it has been in my possession ever since, (produced) it weighed one pound, one ounce and a half.
Q to Wilson. Are you sure that belongs to the East India company's warehouse? - I am sure of it, there was none there but what did belong to the company.
Prisoner. I was insensible of any thing of the kind that I had done; sometimes I fall sick, and then I have not any senses about me, nor know what I am doing; I have got my bread for thirty years, andalways got my bread as an honest sober servant.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 40.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury by Mr. RECORDER.
