





134. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FIN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of January
, a watch, the inside case made of silver, gilt with gold; the outside case made of base metal, value 2 l. a base metal watch chain, gilt with gold, value 2 s. a base metal watch key, value 1 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bryant
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   BRYANT
               



             sworn.
I am with my brother, the trunk maker, the corner of St Paul's Church Yard; I lost my watch, on the 7th of January, coming up Ludgate-hill, about a quarter before twelve o'clock at night; the prisoner met me at the corner of the Old Bailey


 and asked me what hour it was; I immediately pulled out my watch, and informed him it wanted a quarter to twelve; he immediately snatched my watch out of my hand, and ran up the Old Bailey; I immediatelyhallooed stop thief; the watchman pursued him and overtook him, and he was taken; the watch was found in the kennel, about twenty yards up the Old Bailey or thereabouts; I had been at the other end of the town, to spend my evening, I had not drank, I did not see him taken; the man who snatched my watch, ran that way; the constable has the watch. (Produced and deposed to.) I am sure that is the man.
Prisoner. I never saw the man in my life time till he gave charge of me.
- ROGERS sworn.
I am the watchman, I heard the cry of stop thief; I saw a man running from Ludgate-hill, up the Old Bailey; I was in my watch box, the corner of the Old Bailey and Ludgate-hill; I followed directly, I met him up by Surgeon's-hall, he ran across the way, and there I laid hold of him, I am sure the man I laid hold of, was the man that was running, for I never lost sight of him; when I laid hold of the man, Mr. Bryant came up, and I gave my charge to the patrole, I found part of the watch in the kennel without the case, I carried it to the young man, and I went back again and found the case in the kennel; and he was carried down to the constable of the night.
Prisoner. As I was coming along, I heard a cry of stop thief; I saw a man run by me; the prosecutor was much intoxicated with liquor, he says I believe this is the man; I turned about to see what was the matter, seeing them running and calling stop thief.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.
Prisoner. Mr. Bryant was in liquor very much, so that no one could take his word for any thing.
Constable. Mr. Bryant was rather in liquor, but not so much as the prisoner represents; he certainly knew what he did.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Lord CHIEF BARON.
