





726. 
               
                  
                     JONATHAN 
                     MARTINDALL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of September
 last, a silk gown, value 5 s. a silk petticoat, value 5 s. a muslin apron, value 2 s. two muslin handkerchiefs, value 2 s. a muslin cap, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Horde
                  




               
            .


                  ESTHER
                   HORDE
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  John
                   Horde
               



            . I live at 
               
                  Henry
                   Cotton
               



            's, Esq; Harley-street


. On the 22d of last month, I lost the things in the indictment: the prisoner came to repair the top of Mr. Cotton's house; he was a slater
; I did not see him take the things, but I found my room robbed at night; my room was not locked; nobody had been in the house but the prisoner and his labourer; I saw these things in the morning, when I got up; I found part of them in the prisoner's box, of which the constable will inform you; the prisoner finished that day all that was to be done.


                  THOMAS
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I found the things in the man's box, the 22d day, after he was at work, at his lodging, No. 223, Oxford-street; the things are here; the prisoner was in custody.
(The things deposed to.)

Prisoner. The box that they searched and broke open, was not my box; it belongs to the house; I am only a lodger in the house.
Court to Smith. Did you shew the prisoner what you had taken out of his box? - Yes.
Did he then say it was not his box? - No, he never mentioned a syllable; there was very little else there, but a pewter plate, in the box.
Where did the labourer lodge? - In Fox's-court, St. James's-street; a long distance from that; I searched his lodging, and found nothing.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
