





282. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MILLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of May
, a cheese, value 6s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Wood
                  



               
             the elder
, 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Fossick
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Wood
                  



               
             the younger
.


                  MATTHEW
                   HAMMOND
               



             sworn. - I went to Winkworth's wharf for a load of cheese for my masters, Messrs. Benjamin Wood, John Fossick, and Benjamin Wood, cheesemonger


s, in Bishopsgate-street: Between three and four o'clock, as I was coming home, between Queenhithe and Queen-street


, as I was passing on, some person called out to me, mind your cheese, carman; I went to stop my horse, and looking behind thecart, I saw a soldier
 with a cheese; I left my cart and took him by the collar, and took the cheese from him; I called out for assistance, but no person came, and I put the cheese into the cart; I missed another cheese from the cart, and a person told me he saw a soldier run down a passage with a cheese; when I came home I was one cheese short of my number; just afterwards, a person of the name of 
               
                  William
                   Cole
               



            , brought a cheese, and the soldier, to our house, about a quarter of an hour afterwards; I saw the cheese, and knew it to be our cheese by the mark.


                  WILLIAM
                   COLE
               



             sworn. - I saw the prisoner with the cheese: I saw him run along Shepherd's-alley; going by the warehouse-door he dropped the cheese, and directly afterwards he took it up, and hid it in a heap of manure close by; afterwards I took an opportunity of looking after him, but another person saw him, and took the cheese out of the manure, and gave it to me, and I pursued him; about five minutes afterwards the prisoner went to the place to look for the cheese, and not finding it, he ran away; I ran after him, and collared him, but he resisted, and said he would not be taken; I charged a person to aid and assist me in taking him back to the warehouse where I had left the cheese; he asked me if I thought he looked like a thief; he said he had a watch in his pocket, and plenty of money, and did not look like a thief; he said I might take his watch and his money if I would let him go, he had a wife and two young children, and his wife was ready to lie-in; some person called out, at the same time, and said, Mr. Wood's cart was robbed of two cheeses; I told him I should be glad if he would go with me to Mr. Wood's; we went to Mr. Wood's, and Mr. Wood owned the cheese, and described the mark before I shewed it him.
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing of it; it is the first thing I ever was taken up upon.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 23.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
