





570. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOLYOAK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of October
, twelve trusses of hay, value 24s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Allancy
                  




               
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  JOHN
                   DAYSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a green-grocer and carman, in Tottenham-court-road


: On Sunday the 6th of October, the prisoner came to my house, and asked if the governor was at home; I asked him if he had any chaff to dispose of; he said, no, straw was so dear he did not cut any chass; he told me he had ten or twelve, or fifteen, he did not know how many, trusses of hay, that he could spare me at a reasonable price; I asked him whereabouts the price would be; he said, it was very good, and would fetch five pounds; he asked me if I could fetch it, for he could not send it; I agreed to fetch it the next day in the evening; my cart was too heavy, and I did not try to get a light cart, and therefore I did not go. On the Wednesday following, in the evening, he came again, and asked me why I did not come; I told him my man did not like to go out after six o'clock; I was to fetch it from Tavistock-hill, on the Hampstead-road; I then declined having any thing to do with it, and I recommended him to a neighbour who had light carts and small horses, his name was Webb; I went with him to Webb, and he told him he had twelve or fifteen trusses of hay to part with, and he was to go the next evening about six o'clock for it; and the next evening Webb overtook me as I was going there; I walked up Tavistock-hill to a public-house, the sign of the Load of Hay, and called for a pint of beer; I was not present at the conversation between them; that is all I know of it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You were an acquaintance of Holyoak's? - A. No.
Q.Did you not think it a strange thing then thathe should offer you hay to fell? - A. It was a strange thing.
Q. You knew it was stolen hay? - A. No, I did not.
Q. You knew who his master was? - A. No, I did not.
Q. Did you not say so at Bow-street? - A. I knew him by passing and repassing.
Q. Had you ever bought any of him before? - A. No.
Q. What is Mr. Webb? - A. He keeps horses and carts as I do.
Q.Did you not go to Webb, and say, I can put you into the way of getting a dead man or two? - A. No.
Q. Upon your oath, did you not say, at Bow-street, that you told him you would get him some dead men if you could? - A. No, I did not.
Q. Do not you know that a dead man means a truss of hay? - A. No.


                  THOMAS
                   WEBB
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I keep horses and carts for hire, on the Hampstead-road, about nine doors from the Adam and Eve; On Wednesday evening, the 9th of October, the prisoner and Dayson came to me, Dayson asked me if I wanted any hay; I told him my horses went to grass at present, and I had hay enough for them in the mean time; Dayson said, because this man has got ten or a dozen, or fifteen trusses of hay to dispose of; I agreed for it; the prisoner asked me whether I could fetch it that evening; upon that, I asked the prisoner where the hay was; he told me close by Tavistock-hill; I told him I could not fetch it that evening; then the prisoner said, can you fetch it in the morning, I told him, no, I could not fetch it in the morning; I would fetch it in the evening of the Thursday; he told me to come to the Lord of Hay, upon Tavistock-hill, about six o'clock in the evening.
Q. Did you, at that time, know in what service he was? - A. No, I did not; I gave information of it to Crocker, the officer, at Bow-street, because I began to have some suspicion of him; I went on the Thursday evening with my horse and cart; I overtook Dayson on the road, and he walked with me as far as the Load of Hay, there I saw the prisoner; we called for a pot of beer, I sat there about a quarter of an hour, and the prisoner followed me; he desired I would go with him, and he would shew me where the hay was, and not to bring my cart up first; I told him I would stop till he was ready, and I stopped about a quarter of an hour at the public-house; I did not see Crocker, but he was waiting somewhere about the neighbourhood; my horse and cart stood in the road facing the public-house; the prisoner came, I followed him up to the farm, and he laid hold of my horse's head, and led him into the rick-yard; he turned the horse about, and the tail of the cart stood against the barn-door, I was in the cart; he said, you have no occasion to come down, I will give you the hay up; then he gave me some hay out of the barn, done up; in trusses, there were twelve truffes in all, as they were counted afterwards; says he, stop, and I will cut some more; then he cut another truss from the rick, and was making the band for to tie it up, when his master, and Taylor, one of the Bow-street officers, came and took him; Crocker came up directly afterwards; Mr. Allaney said, what, Mr. Holyoak, I have got you at last; says he, master, I think you have got me first.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. This was all a contrivance of your's to induce that man to do what he ought not to do? - A. No; it was no contrivance of mine.
Q.Was it not a contrivance of your's and Crocker's, and Dayson's, to entrap this man into a selony? - A. No.
Q.You made a bargain with the prisoner for this hay? - A. Yes.
Q.Do you not think it would have been more kind and moral in you to have said, I do not think you are doing that which is right, and I will tell your master if you do it? - A. I do not know his master.
Q. Do not you think it would have been more honest, more moral, and more humane, to have told the man he was doing wrong? - A. I do not think it would.
Q. Did not you tell Mr. Allaney that you were to receive this hay from this man? - A. No; Crocker did.
Q. Mr. Allaney knew of the fact, did he not? - A. Certainly he must.
Q. And therefore Mr. Allaney was robbed by his own consent? - A. I have said all I can say; Mr. Crocker had told him.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Did you at all persuade this man to make you an offer to fell hay that did not belong to him? - A. No; he came to me without my expecting it.


                  THOMAS
                   ALLANEY
               



            , junior, sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knewlys. I apprehended the prisoner close by my father's hay-rick, in the hay-rick yard, in the act of making a band to tie up a truss of hay which was cut; I found the knife in the hay.
Q. Had he any authority from you at that time, to cut any hay; or fell any hay? - A. No, he had not; I was waiting to apprehended him, in consequence of information, with Crocker and Taylor; Taylor was with me when I laid hold of him; the prisoner and his whole family had been at work for my father; we found twelve trusses in the cart; it worth two shillings a truss; it was the property of my father, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Allaney
               



            .
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Have you ashare in the business with your father? - A. No, I have not.
Q. He gives you a certain share in the profits, does not he? - A. No, I carry on the business for him, and, when I want money, I have it of him.
Q. Has he no partner? - A. No.
Q. You did not tell the poor man that you understood he was about to commit a felony? - A. No; if I had, we should not have caught him; he worked for us all the last summer at hay-binding and grass cutting.


                  THOMAS
                   ALLANEY
               



            , senior, sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a cow-keeper; this hay was my property.
Q. Had you ever given the prisoner authority to fell any hay? - A. No.


                  ANDREW
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am one of the officers of Bow-street; I went to Mr. Allaney's premises, and apprehended the prisoner close by the rick-yard, making the hand; I searched him, and, as I was taking him down the road, he told me that was the worst thing I had ever had him for.
Court. Q. Had you ever had him before? - A. Yes, he has been at Bow-street several times.


                  HENRY
                   CROCKER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am one of the officers of Bow-street; I received information from Webb, on Thursday, the 10th of October, about the middle of the day; in consequence of which, I went to apprehend the prisoner; Webb is a neighbour of mine, and so is Mr. Allaney.
Prisoner's defence. Webb came to my house, and told me had an order from my master for some hay; I told him I had not enough hay bound; and he said he must have it, for they had not a bit of hay to use, and I went up with the cart, and my master took me while I was binding it.
Q. (To Webb). Upon your oath, did you tell him that you had an order from his master for the hay? - A. No.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
