





693. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     DONNOUCHTY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of September
, a silk handkerchief, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .



                  THOMAS
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am a coal merchant
. My pocket was picked in Bishopsgate-street


; I felt something touch my pocket; it was on the 18th of September; I put my hand in and found my handkerchief gone; I turned round to see who was next me, and two men immediately crossed over and ran up New-street; I cried out stop thief! and he was taken; he fell down, and as he was rising up from the ground, I found my handkerchief under him, and I took it up and gave him into the care and custody of the beadle, and took him before the Lord Mayor.
Q. How do you know it was your handkerchief? - By the mark T. S
Q. What did you do with the handkerchief? - I delivered it to the officer by my Lord Mayor's direction at the Mansion House.
Q. Had you kept it till then? - I took it from the ground, I delivered it within an hour afterwards.
Prisoner. I was walking down Wood-street, and I was collared by that man; he charged me with stealing an handkerchief.
Court. Is this one of the two men that you see cross over? - Yes, I am sure of that.
Prisoner. Two men came and charged me with robbing the prosecutor of an handkerchief. I am innocent of the handkerchief; I know no more of it than a child.


                  JOHN
                   LANGLEY
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket, on Wednesday, between one and two o'clock, in Bishopsgate-street; the prisoner put his right hand into the gentleman's pocket, he ran away across the way, and ran up the street; the man that stopped him was a bricklayer's labourer; I never lost sight of him; I saw him knocked down by a man in a blue coat crossing from the India house; I saw an handkerchief under him.


                  THOMAS
                   SAPWELL
               



             sworn.
I produce an handkerchief which was delivered into my custody by order of the Lord Mayor.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)
Court to Langley. Did this man use you ill at all? He struck me in the face, he said he would take my life away if he once got clear.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
