





241. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE WILLIAM 
                     BARBOR
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November
 last, one mathematical instrument, called a quadrant, value 50 s. one thermometer, value 8 s. one cloth coat, value 19 s. one linen handkerchief, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Barnett
                  




               
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  THOMAS
                   BARNETT
               



             sworn.
I live No. 61, Great Tower-street: I keep a shop in the mathematical instrument business
; I am a maker. I lost a quadrant and a thermometer, on the 14th of November, about noon; the prisoner came into my shop, and asked me how I did, in a very free way; I did not know him; I told him so; he asked me if I did not know Captain Williamson, of the Polly, in the Lisbon trade? I said, I knew him very well; he said he was his son, and asked me to clean and repair a quadrant which he had on board; I said, I would: he said he was going to Fish-street-hill, to see a captain, and he asked me to let him have a quadrant with him, and a weather glass; I asked him which? he said a thermometer; he wished to have two sent with him, for the captain to chuse: my wife came into the shop; he asked her in a very hearty way, how she did, and was glad to see her; and asked her if she liked ship beef? she said, she could not say but she did, if it was good; and he desired the boy might be sent with him, with the instruments for the captain to look at, and he would send her some ship beef; I saw him go backwards to the kitchen, to my wife; my wife came and told me he wanted the boy to have a great coat on, and an handkerchief; the boy had no great coat; I said put him on a close coat of mine; which he had put on, with a handkerchief of mine. I gave the boy a quadrant and two thermometers.
Prisoner. Was I drunk or sober? - Between both.
Did not you speak to me first? - I did.


                  WILLIAM
                   TUCK
               



             sworn.
I am going in sixteen. I live with Mr. Barnett: I remember the prisoner being at our house on the 14th of November; that was on a Saturday. The prisoner desired my master to go with him; I do not know for what purpose; my master said he was busy, and could not; and he told him I should go with him: I did not know where I was to go; the prisoner took me to the water side, and hired a boat; and when we got some distance from the stairs, the prisoner asked me if I had some halfpence in my pocket; I said, I had not; then he asked the waterman to trust him till he came again; he said, he could not; then he said he must have something in hand: then he said he would be down in a few minutes: the waterman said, cannot I go to your father's with you? he said, no, his father would be angry at so many coming: the waterman told him, he must have something in hand first; and the prisoner asked him if he would have hiswatch? the waterman said, yes, he did not care what it was, so as it was worth the ferry over; so he stood up in the boat and took hold of the chain of his watch, and did not offer to pull it out, and he sat down again; and when we came on the other side of the water, he bid me get out, and go on, and he would follow me; I got out: and the waterman got out of the boat immediately and would not let him go unless he had something in hand; but the prisoner got out and told the waterman he had a chest to be carried over to Iron-gate, and he should return in a few minutes; the waterman still said he must have something in hand till he returned again; then the prisoner called to me, and told me to stop; and he took one of the small weather glasses, the thermometer, from under my arm, to give to the waterman; and he told me he took the number of the boat, and knew the waterman very well.
Court. Did he take the thermometer by your consent? - Yes; he told me to follow him; and he took me into a publick-house, in Tooley-street


; he came out of that immediately; he went into the Green Man, and bid me not speak a word, because it was a smuggling house; and he asked me for my great coat, which was to bring a bit of beef in; I let him have it; and he wrapped the quadrant and the other weather glass in it; he took them both from me; then when he took the coat, I did not know but he was very well acquainted with my master. He took the thermometer and coat from under my arm, and he told me to wait a few minutes, and he should return: he took the things and went out of the publick-house; when he got past the window I went out to see which way he went, and lost sight of him, and did not see him till the 15th of January following, about four in the afternoon, in East Smithfield: I met him, and followed him; and he went into the Cock alehouse, Cock-alley, East Smithfield; I waited two minutes, and he did not come out; and I went home to my master's, and got our young man to go with me: he was coming out as we got there; we followed him; he saw us, and ran into a stable, in White's-yard, Rosemary-lane; the young man took him there; he got away several times; he was very obstropulous: nobody came to assist: he got away from the young man; I followed him, and laid hold of him several times; and he got away; at last we got a constable, and took him; just opposite Well-street, a constable lived: I do not recollect what I said to him: the young man, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Cannon
               



            , spoke to him.
Prisoner. Did not your master tell you to let me have the things to shew the person? - No, no such thing; my master told me to let you have the coat to get the beef. You took the quadrant from under my arm, and I did not offer to resist at all.


                  ABRAHAM
                   FOSTER
               



             sworn.
On the 14th of November I took in this thermometer, of the prisoner. I live No. 91, Houndsditch; I am a pawnbroker: it was between twelve and one in the morning; nothing else: we had it in out custody for two shillings; it was broke; he said it was his own property; the gentleman that owned it came to our house, to the best of my remembrance, the 15th of January.


                  THOMAS
                   CANNON
               



             sworn.
I lived with Mr. Barnett on this 14th of November: I never saw the prisoner till the 15th of January, Tuck was sent out, and came back and called me to assist him in taking the prisoner, as he had had a sight of him; I went with him to Cock-alley, and just as we got to the door, he was coming out; then we followed him up several dirty avenues, up Salt Petre Bank; and at last he suspected us, and ran into a stable; I lost sight of him, and went into the stable, and he was close against the side of a horse; I charged him with the robbery, but he denied it; I apprehended him; I told him if he would go with me quietly to Mr. Barnett, and give him satisfaction; first he agreed he would -

Court. Did you mention Mr. Barnett's name? - Yes, he said he did not know Mr. Barnett, or Tower-street; he asked who Mr. Barnett was, but he agreed to go with me: he pretended to know nothing of the matter: I caught him by the collar, and then he said he wanted to go home and see his wife and family first; I told him he should, if he would go with me afterwards; then he began to struggle in Rosemary-lane, and knocked my hat off; and while I was stooping he got clear from me, and the boy pursued him, and got him by the collar; he beat the boy several times and he got clear from the boy, and a butcher's servant knocked him down; I told him the case; nobody else offered to assist; then Abrahams, the constable, came up; he lodged there, and was looking out of window; he took him into custody.
Prisoner. Was I drunk or sober? - I imagine he was about half.
Did not you use me ill, and knock me down? - I did not use him ill, any further than tearing some of his clothes off.


                  BENJAMIN
                   ABRAHAMS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable: I took the prisoner the 15th of January: he offered to pay for the weather glasses not to prosecute him.
(The thermometer deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I came on shore, and went into this shop; I was going on board again; and I told the prosecutor so, and he let me have the things; he sent them by the boy, and the boy gave them to me to carry to shew, by his master's consent; I left him at a publick-house; and I was so much in liquor, I could not find the house again; when I returned I laid down, and somebody stole my watch. It is necessary for a seaman
 always to get a drop of liquor, when he has done his business: they used me very ill, and tore my clothes. I have been at sea twenty-seven years, and never offended; I was five years in Turkey, and in 1776 in the American war; at the latter end of the war I was taken prisoner, and brought into Martinico prison, and laid two years there. My lord, the lenity I have shewn to my country, I expect that lenity will be shewn to me now by this honourable court.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.




[Transportation. See summary.]


