





319. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     WEBB
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of August
 last, one woollen cloth coat, called a box coat, value 20 s.
             the goods and chattels of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hambleton
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   HAMBLETON
               



             sworn.
I am a coachman
; I drive for Mr. 
               
                  Robert
                   Clarke
               



             of Cripplegate. I went out with the chariot on the 3d of August with the town-clerk and another gentleman, Mr. Wadd, to Thames Ditton; I returned, and was ordered to set down at Mr. Surgeon 
               
                  Wadd
               


            's, in Basinghall-street


; and when I came there I got off my box, and rung at the bell and opened the door, and Mr. Wadd or Mr. Bird got out, I cannot say which; and I saw my coat going off the box, and I looked between the body and the box, and I saw that man, the prisoner at the bar, pulling off the coat; I went round and saw this man with the coat about two yards from the box, and seeing me he immediately dropped the coat, and I took him about two yards from the coat.
Which way did you go round? - I went round the pole end.
What time was this? - Very near ten o'clock at night.
Are you sure as to the man? - I am sure he is the man, for I saw him take the coat, I saw him have it on his arm, and I saw him drop it.
What time might this take up from the time you saw your coat going off your box, and your taking the prisoner? - It all could not be above one minute.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming along Cheapside, and up the Old Jewry; and about three parts up the way, this man took hold of me and said, he would take me on suspicion of stealing his coat; I am entirely innocent.



               GUILTY
            , (Aged 33.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
