





187. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     PATCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of February
, a silver watch, value 3l. a canvas purse, value 1d. three guineas, half a guinea, and thirteen shillings in money; the goods and monies of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Tubb
                     




                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John
                         Plant
                     



.


                  RICHARD
                   TUBB
               



             sworn.
I am a labouring man; I live at Hampstead at present. On the 14th day of this month, I was up in Oxford-road, and this prisoner came to me, and asked me what countryman I was? (it was in the street) I told him I came from Reading; and he told me he had just come out of that country; in walking along we meets another man, and after we had passed by him the prisoner picks up a small parcel.
Q. Did the other man join you before the parcel was picked up? - No, the other man was going on, he did not speak to the prisoner nor me, and he says to me, I have picked up a prize, and as we are both countrymen together, we will go share alike in it, he said, we will go to some public house, and we will open it; he had me into one public house, and he says, this house will not do; this was on the one side of Red Lion-square; then we went a little further and went into another a little beyond Red Lion-square.
Q. Do you know what house that is? - No. And he says, this will not do.
Q. Did he give any reason why these two houses would not do? - No. Andhe goes a little further, and has me to another, and he says, this is the right house; this was in Gloucester-street, and he had me into a little parlour, then we went in there, and there came in another, and this prisoner says to the other, sir, we have found a prize.
Q. Was that the man that passed you in the street? - I don't know. He says, we have found a prize, and I cannot read it, I wish you would be so good as to read it to let us know the consequence; and the other man took hold of a bit of paper, and he said, a noble prize indeed! The bit of paper was opened, it contained a bill and receipt for two hundred and twenty pounds.
Q. Could you read? - No.
Q. What was there with this paper? - There was something in a little pocket book, there was some sort of a cross, a diamond cross, and the other says, I suppose, as you are two countrymen together, you go share alike in it, and the other says, how would you part it if the other has not got cash enough to give the other his part? then the prisoner says, I have got an acquaintance that lives near here, where I can borrow seventy guineas, and give this man, and the rest will be my own; he sets out, and was gone pretty nigh half an hour.
Q. Did the other man stay with you at that time? - Yes, he did; and when he came back he said, the gentleman was gone out that he wanted to see, and his lady had but two guineas in her pocket, and says the other man when he came back, I keep a public house in Oxford-road, and he says, you may as well come up to my house and part it; but, says he to me, you must let me have your money and your watch, to bind you that you shall both come to my house; and says he, pull your money out, and says he, let us see what you have got; and I pulled my money out; in looking as it he catches hold of it, and says let us have the purse and all; now, says he, give me your watch too; he took the watch out of my hand as soon as I took it out of my fob; as soon as he got it he shot out of the door, out of the public house, the other way; as soon as I came out I said to the prisoner, where is the other man? I see him go out; he said he did not know; I stared him in the face, and I said, then I am done, and I says to him, come you shall go up along with me, and see where the Green Man is; he had said that he kept the sign of the Green Man, in Oxford-road, and we went up and found the Green Man, and when we came there, there was no such man lived there.
Q.Whereabouts did you find the Green Man? - In Oxford-road, he said his name was White, and there was no such name kept it as he had mentioned.
Q. Did the prisoner take you there to the house of the Green Man? - Yes, he did. I knew there was such a house, I found it out myself some time ago there. I stared up in the prisoner's face and I said, this is a dead take in between you two, and he says, if you will go along with me to such a street, I could find an acquaintance that will let me have two hundred pounds, and I can pay your money; he then mentioned the name of the street. He had me down a street, I don't know what street, I am a stranger to town, and there was a couple of young lads stood in the street, and said to me, farmer, don't go along with that old villain any farther, for he is going to take you to a place where you will have your brains knocked out; I then took him by the collar and told him he should go along with me back, and as I was leading him along there was a gentleman came up to me behind, and he calls to me, farmer, says he, what are you done out of your money? I says, yes, sir; says he, bring him back here, here is the office up here. I broughthim back to that person, and he went and shewed me where the office was, I led him to the magistrate and they put him in hold.
Q. What became of the fine property, the diamonds? - The other man went off with that. On the 18th of that month we were ordered to meet in court to be reexamined again, and when I went there there was one of this prisoner's acquaintance came there and offered to make it up, he would bring me my watch and money again.
Q. Was the prisoner by? - No, not at first, but he was afterwards; he said he was a friend of his when he was abroad, and he thought he would come to see what he could do for him.
Q. Did you get your watch and money again? - Never.
Q. How much was there in the purse? - Three guineas and half in gold, and thirteen shillings in silver.
Prisoner. I never had the man's money at all. he gave it to another person.
Prisoner to Prosecutor. Had I your money? - You was at the doing of it.
Prisoner. I know nothing at all of the matter, he said he would take forty pounds for his part? - He said he would go and fetch me seventy guineas.
Prisoner. I have got nobody here, I was abroad with Lord Cornwallis in America seven years, and with Sir John Erskine.




               GUILTY, Of stealing but not in the dwelling house
            ,(Aged 65>.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMPSON
               



            .
