





31. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  POINTER
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of November
, eight pounds of copper, value 9s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Moore
               



            , 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Boyd
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Neal 
                  Macneal
               



            .
Second Count. Laying it to be the property of Neal Macneal.
Third Count. Laying it to be the property of persons unknown.
(The case was opened by Mr. Gurney.)
THOMAS HICKES sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am foreman to Mr. Mesteares, ship-builder; the ship Two Friends was at our yard to be sheathed last Friday was a week.
Q. Where did you receive the copper from? - A. From Mr. Saville's.
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A. Yes, he was employed by Mr. Mesteares; he was at work outside the ship, but had nothing to do with the copper at all.
Q. Did you observe him do any thing whatever particularly? - A. I missed him three or four times a day from his work, between two and three in the afternoon; I went round the ship to look for him; I saw a labourer, 
               
                  John
                   Eddis
               



            , standing at the door of a shed that he has for putting his tools in; I called Eddis away to his work, and I saw Pointer there; I asked him what he was doing there; he said, he was looking for his tools; I told him his tools were not there, for I saw him put them in another place a quarter of an hour before, I asked him what he was doing there, he was feeling down among some old rope that laid there; I called him out to go to his work, and, in coming round the ship, the mate met him; I said, that he had been in the shed; the mate went to the place, and brought the copper to us, the mate's name is Taylor; the mate said to Pointer, here is the copper you have taken; upon that he was very angry, and struck the mate two or three times; I told him he had better go along about his business, and leave me and the mate alone; he kept treating me very ill.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. This copper was in Mr. Mesteares's yard? - A. It was on board the ship, under the care of the mate, and the people belonging to the ship.
Q. The mate's name is Taylor? - A. Yes; it belonged to the captain and owners of the ship.

Q. After you have sheathed her it is, but not before? - A. The copper is sent by the owners of the ship, and we have nothing to do but to put it on.
JOHN DUNNAN sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am a carpenter on board the ship Two Friends, I was employed by the captain, Mr. Macneal; I saw the prisoner go over the side on the Friday afternoon, the 23d of November, with a piece of copper under his jacket, I watched him, but before I could give the mate notice of it, the foreman, Mr. Hickes, called him away from the shed that I saw him go into.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Had you been acquainted with the prisoner before? - A. No, I came on board on the 22d, and this was on the 23d.
WILLIAM TAYLOR sworn - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am mate of the Two Friends.
Q. Who are the owneres? - A. I do not know any other owner than Captain 
               
                  Macneal
               


            . On the 23d of November, in consequence of a suspicion of the prisoner, I saw him in the carpenter's shed, I observed that, he had nothing about him; I then went into the shed, and found a piece of copper concealed behind an empty barrel in one corner; I brought the copper out, and walked round the ship with it till I saw the prisoner; I presented it to him, and told him he had stole it out of the ship; he called me ad-d rascal, abused me very much, and struck me several times; I immediately went to the Police-office, and took out a warrant to apprehend him; the steward of the ship took it to the office.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You found the copper in the shed? - A. Yes.
Q. And the prisoner, when you taxed him with it, abused and beat you? - A. I dare say he would have battered my face.
Q. And perhaps have taken your life? - A. I do not know but he might.
Mr. Gurney. (To Hickes.) Q. How large is the shed? - A. About eight feet square.
Q. Did you see him near that part of the shed? - A. Yes.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Other persons might have access to that shed? - A. Yes.
Q. And might have put the copper there? - A. I saw him in the shed.


                  JOHN
                   EDDIS
               



             sworn. - I am a labourer in Mr. Mesteares's yard, I saw the prisoner go into the shed, I was outside the door, and he said, there was something.
Q. Did he shew you what he was speaking of? - A. No, I saw something under his jacket, but I cannot tell what it was.
Q. What did he do with it? - A. I cannot say.
Mr. Knapp. 
               
                  Q. 
               


            Something he had, but what it was you do not know, and where he put it, you cannot tell, that is all you know? - A. Yes.
Court. 
               
                  Q. 
               


            What did it appear to you to be under his jacket, did it stick out, or what was it that you saw? - A. It stuck out a little.
Court. Q. Do you think it was a coat? - A. No, I did not think it was a coat.


                  RICHARD
                   PERRY
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of the Marine Police-Office, (produces the copper); I think this is the same copper that was taken from the ship, it is exactly the same sort of copper that was used for sheathing the Two Friends.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Is that different from any other sheathing sort of copper? - A. No, that is the same sort that is used on the bottom of that ship.
Q. Suppose you had to sheath another ship of the same burthen, would it not be the same sort of copper? - A. I do not know, there is the mark of 22 upon every sheet of it.
Mr. Gurney. (To Dunnan.) Q. You saw some copper under his jacket-was it such copper as that? - A. It was, he had it rolled up as snug as possible.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Have you seen sheath copper before of the same sort as that? - A. Yes.


                  NEAL
                   MACNEAL
               



            , Esq. sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are one of the owners of the ship the Two Friends? - A. Yes.
Q. Who are the other owners? - A. Abraham Muir and William Boyd, of Charleston.
Q. The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called nine witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Court. (To Taylor.) Q. What do you think the value of the copper that you saw was? - A. About five or six shillings.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 27.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
