






327. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MARTIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously and burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Fordham
                     




                  , about the hour of one in the night, of the 15th of June
, and burglariously stealing therein, nine hundred and sixty copper halfpence, value 2l.
             the goods of the said Francis Fordham.


                  FRANCIS
                   FORDHAM
               



             sworn.
Q. Where did you live on the 15th of June last? - At the sign of the Flying Horse, Lambeth-street, Goodman's-fields, Whitechapel


; I am the housekeeper
. About half after nine o'clock I went out, on Monday, the 15th of June, and came home about a quarter after eleven, and shut up the house; on Tuesday morning I found a cupboard broke open, in the back parlour.
Q. What time of the morning was this? - Between nine and ten o'clock, and I missed a quantity of halfpence out of the cupboard, I believe there was between four and five pounds worth; I went to my wife, and asked her if she knew what became of the halfpence, and to know who had been to her in the bar in the night, while I was out; she said that Martin had been there. On Wednesday I went and searched after this man. No person had got into the house, I suspect he was concealed in the house at the time we went to bed.
Q. Who was the first person that got up in the morning? - That I cannot say, we have different people that lodges in the house. I went up after this man on Wednesday morning, and I was told that he had gone that night to the London Infirmary; I went down to the London Infirmary, and told him I had lost a quantity of halfpence, and I suspected he had got them; I took an officer along with me, and he said he knew nothing at all of them; I desired the officer to search him, and he found some loose halfpence in his pocket; then he opened a cupboard which he had by the side of him, and there the officer found a paper of halfpence; I asked him what he had done with the other halfpence that he took away from me? he said he never took any halfpence; and then I went to his wife; I went afterwards to the sign of the London Hospital, and there I found seven papers of halfpence, and then I went to the man where his lodgings was, and he had paid one paper of halfpence there.
Q. What are those things you have got there? - These are what the cupboard was broke open with.
Q. How do you know these papers are your's? - I have a brother here that papered them up.
Q. Who took the papers from the sign of the London Hospital? - The officer, 
               
                  John
                   Griffiths
               



            .


                  JOHN
                   GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I have seven whole papers, and one that was untied at the hospital; the seven papers were found at the London Hospital public house.
Q. What was found in the Infirmary itself? - One paper, which I took out of the cupboard, with four shillings worth in it. I asked him where he had these halfpence from? and he told me at first that he had saved them against he came into the hospital with his bad leg; after that he told me that he had them given him by a sugar baker, in Well-street. I did not take him into custody at that time, because the surgeon was not there.
Mrs. AUSTIN sworn.
I keep the London Hospital public house. The prisoner at the bar said hewas going to the Infirmary, on the Tuesday morning that he was taken in, and he asked me to take care of these halfpence for him, while he was in the Hospital, and he was to send for them as he wanted them; and I put them in the cupboard.
THOMAS FORDHAM sworn.
Them are the papers that I tried up on the 16th of June; I am very clear of it; I know them by the wrapping of them up. I left them in the bar along with my brother.
Q. How many did you tie up on the 15th of June? - I cannot say; a good many more than are here.
Q. How much does each paper contain? - Five shillings, what I tied up.
Q. Who put them in the cupboard? Prosecutor. I put them in the cupboard myself, between three and four pounds worth; and there were some more in there before that.
Q. What is the prisoner? - A journeyman sugar baker.
Q. Had he been in your house that day? - Yes, he was there when I went out about half after nine o'clock.


                  FRANCIS
                   NEWHAM
               



             sworn.
He owed me fifteen shillings and nine-pence, and he paid me, the 15th of June, five shillings in halfpence, part out of his pocket and part out of a paper.
Prisoner. I am not guilty. I was there on Monday morning, about ten o'clock, and I went away about eight o'clock in the afternoon. On Tuesday I went to the Hospital; and when I left the room, on Monday, there were forty or fifty people in the room.
Q. How came you by these halfpence? - I pawned my watch, great coat and shirt, and every thing else, to keep me while I was in the Hospital.
GUILTY,
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. but not of the burglary
            . (Aged 31.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
