





444. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAVIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of May
, two pair of Prince's metal candlesticks, value 6 s. one pair of snuffers, value 12 d. a snuffer stand, value 6 d. and a flat iron, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Robbins
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Robbins
                  



               
            .


                  JAMES
                   GARNES
               



             sworn.
I found these things (the things in the indictment) on the prisoner. I saw the prisoner take them out of a house that Mr. Robbins was employed to sell the goods: the business is carried on by Henry Robbins and 
               
                  John
                   Robbins
               



            . I saw the prisoner at the bar coming up out of the kitchen, on Saturday, the 22d of May, about half past two or three o'clock; I thought his pocket looked big, and I followed him out of doors: they were goods which Mess. Robbins were employed to sell for some creditors; I saw them in his pocket, and desired him to walk back, which he did very readily; and he had two candlesticks in his pockets, and one candlestick in each thigh of his breeches behind; he had a pair of snuffers and stand; the flat iron we could not swear to: the prisoner hardly spoke a word; but before the justice, there was found in his pocket a piece of paper, giving an account of the sales that were that day; and Robbins's name was on them.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
He knew nothing of the candlesticks; nor never saw them before he saw them on me. Before the Justice, Mr. Robbins said they were not his property, but were the property of Mr. Sturt, who was in France. Then Mr. Read asked the witness if they were his property? and he said, no; then Mr. Read said, I suppose if they are not your real property, they are your local property:now at that time, that man knew no more of the meaning of the word local, than a child; but then he said they were his local property; and that there might be hundreds more, for aught he knew.


                  JOHN
                   ELT
               



             sworn.
Produced a flat iron which could not be deposed to.
(The candlesticks deposed to.)



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


