





560. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of September
, nineteen pigs, value 20l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Nevitt
                  




               
            .


                  JONATHAN
                   NEVITT
               



             sworn. - I am a farmer
, at Ealing


; I had seen the prisoner once or twice before I lost my pigs, they were lost on the Friday night, the 28th, I told them all about five o'clock, I missed them the next morning; about half past five o'clock my man called me, and told me the pigs were stolen, he is not here; the lock was broke open; I went in pursuit of the pigs, and overtook them in Cumberland-mews; the prisoner was driving them, he had sold five of them; I told him they were my property, and he was a prisoner of mine; then I took him away to a public-house about a quarter past seven in the morning; I am sure they were my pigs, I have had six of them ever since March last, I found fourteen upon him.
Q. You cannot swear to all of them, I suppose? - A. Yes, I can swear to them all; the prisoner told me he was ordered by a man to drive them from Hammersmith, and if he could sell any of them he was to sell them; that he was to have half-a-crown a piece for selling them.
WILLIAM-HENRY HALL sworn. - I am a constable of Mary-le-bone parish; I know nothing more than taking the prisoner into custody from Mr. Nevitt; I saw the pigs in the yard.
Q. Did he say where he was driving them to? - A. No.


                  JOHN
                   ATWELL
               



             sworn. - I am a labouring man, I live near the King's-head, in the Edgware-road; the prisoner stood with the pigs about a quarter past six in the morning; he asked me if I knew any place he could put them in to give them some beans; I told him I did not; he asked me if I thought any body would take notice if he drove them under the gateway in the mews, and I told him I dare say he would not be interrupted; he told me he had bought the pigs very reasonable, and he could sell them cheap, they were different sizes, he sold one for ten shillings.
Q. What was the value of it? - A. I cannot tell, I saw him take the money for it, and then the man bought the fellow to it; the man said, he thought they were over-driven, and were not well; he said, no, they had only come from Colnbrook, and he had brought them from Hammersmith that morning, and then I agreed for the two biggest of them, and as I was driving them away, Mr. Nevitt came up upon his mare, and collared the prisoner.
Q.(To Nevitt). What was the value of your pigs? - A. I was offered three guineas a piece before harvest for them.
Prisoner's defence. Coming through Hammersmith, there was a man with these pigs, and he told me to drive them to the Wilkes's-head, near Tyburn-turnpike, and if I could sell a few of them, I was to have two shillings and sixpence a piece for selling them. 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 26.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
