





221. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PALMER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of February
, a pound and a half of horse hair, value 2 s. four pounds weight of hogs bristles, value 13 s. a hair broom head, value 1 s. and one flesh brush, value 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .
HENRY - sworn.
I superintend the business of Mr. 
               
                  James
                   Smith
               



            , he is a brush maker
; these articles were lost from his warehouse on Fish-street-hill


; the prisoner was a porter
; I believe he had been engaged about four or five months, he was engaged while I was in the country. On Monday morning about half after eight o'clock, the 18th of this month, I ordered the prisoner to go to breakfast; the prisoner had a rush hand basket in his hand, with some balls and some other things, which he took up stairs into the warehouse; I followed the prisoner up stairs, having some suspicion; I placedmyself in a room, the back part of the house, to endeavour to see if I could see him put any thing in his pocket, but I could not see him do any such thing, as such I came down stairs, when I came down to the lower part of the warehouse stairs I saw the prisoner go through to the front shop and he went out, I immediately went to the door and looked after the prisoner and found his pockets looked very bulky; I looked out at the door of the front shop, another porter was standing by, I ordered him to go and desire this man to come back again, I wanted to speak with him; he came back and out of his coat pockets I took these two parcels of horse hair; I ordered the prisoner up stairs, when we got up stairs I asked him what he was going to do with it, or what business he had to take it; I don't recollect particularly which question I asked him; he downed on his knees and begged I would let him go, and told me it was the first time he had ever done any thing of the kind, that he was going to make some cod lines with it; I told him he had got enough; he said, he meant to take out that part which would answer his purpose and the remainder he would have brought back again; I then asked the prisoner where he lived; he told me in Marlborough-court, Bishopsgate; I went accordingly and found he did not; I went back again, and I told him he had given me a wrong direction; the reason why I asked him was that I might get a search warrant and search his apartment, the first time I asked him was immediately after he had committed the robbery at half past eight; between ten and eleven after I had come back from the other place I asked him again; and he said, it was Marlborough-court, in Wentworth-street, near Petticoat-lane; I went and I found it was right, I went the same morning to his lodging; he told me he had a room on the ground floor and a room on the first floor; I asked him whether he rented the house or whether he took the rooms of any body; he told me he could not tell who lived in the house above him; I went and got a search warrant, and got to his house between twelve and one; we found several articles in the room, and among the rest we found one of his cards containing a direction where he lived before he went there; we found four pounds of hairs, two pounds I believe below and two pounds above, and also a hair broom head, and a flesh brush, and several articles which are not in the indictment; we took him before the Lord Mayor, and he was committed. There is two pounds of the hogs bristles which have got our private mark, and I believe them to be my own marking; I cannot swear to the horse hair; the broom head has got our mark on it; the flesh brush has no mark on it more than it is an article we sell in our shop.
Mr. Peat You don't pretend to identify it? - I believe it to be ours.
Q. You stated just now that he stated he had never done the like before; you don't state that he owned he took it. - I say that he told me that it was the first time he had done any thing of that kind.
Q. He told you he had taken that hair. What had you said when he said that? - I don't recollect exactly the words that I said to him; I asked him what he had got in his pockets.
Q. You did not at all threaten him? - I don't recollect that I said any thing of the kind.
Q. I fancy there is a great many thousand pounds weight of hair of that sort? - I have no doubt of it.
Q. The two parcels that you particularly state to know to be yours, is because there is your mark upon them; on what part of the hair is it upon? - On the bottom.
Court. How do you mark them? - We generally mark them with letters.

Q. Are they all marked with one letter, or different letters? - Different letters according to the stiffness of them, this was a particular kind and it is a mark that we know the price by; it is a C.
Q Then I suppose if you was writing upon paper you would make such a C as that? - Most likely I should not make it so large; this is made with a brush.
Q. So it seems you can tell your own hand writing from any other, if you write even with a brush. Upon my word, sir, your faith is very strong; for your faith you may be a Mahometan. Then you mark them all on the heads in that manner? - No, only some.
Q Pray, sir, if you had seen these bundles on a journey to York would you have supposed them to have been your's? - I should have supposed them to be ours.
Q. Perhaps it is a peculiar stile of hair. Is there any thing in the colour? - No.
Q. Any thing in the smell? - No.
Q. Well this brush that you speak of you put that mark on other brushes? - Every one of this size.
Q. You mark a great many in a year? - We do.
Q. It is very possible then that a man might have bought fifty brushes out of that shop, or even out of other shops, that might have had that mark on it. The flesh brush you know nothing about. Had he lived with you some time? - To the best of my knowledge he came there about the month of November.
Q How many partners has you master? - Not any in that business.
Q. Are you quite sure that that is your writing? Recollect, it was done with a brush. - I believe it to be such.
Q. How did he behave in you service? - He always behaved very well.


                  WILLIAM
                   WHITEWAY
               



             sworn.
I am an officer; I found all these things in consequence of a search warrant, and have kept them from that time to this; there was no one in the apartment; I found them in the house or apartment of the prisoner; I found all the articles except the horse hair, and that has never been in my possession; the house was in Marlborough-court, Wentworth-street, Petticoat-lane.
Mr. Peat. How do you mean they have been in your possession? - They have not been opened but before my Lord Mayor.
Prisoner. I went out this morning to get a pennyworth of purl; I bought the hair of a man at the door; I wanted some to make some lark lines; he said he had got some very nice as would suit me; I bought the hair of the gentleman; I came in; Mr. Matthews told me to go to breakfast; when I was got about a hundred yards up the hill he sent after me and had me back, and took this hair out of my pocket; I told him I hoped he would let me go; so they took me into a room and locked me up; they asked me where I lived; I told them when I moved out of the Borough that I moved to Catharine wheel-alley, Bishopsgate, and from there I moved to Marlborough-court, Wentworth-street; then they came back to me some time after and told me I had given them a wrong direction; they asked me to write it down myself; they took the direction down; then I told them Marlborough-court, Wentworth-street; they went and they broke open one door and the other they got in at the window, and they not only took away these articles that my master dealt in but they took the money, a guinea and a half, and some silver, and they brought it to the turnkey at Newgate.

Court to Whiteway. Did you you take some money from the house? - Yes, a guinea and a half and three shillings; I thought it was unsafe to leave it as there was nobody in the house, and I delivered it to the prisoner before the turnkey.
Court to Matthews. Are you sure that he told you Marlborough-court, Bishopsgate-street at first? - I am.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
