






504. 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of July
, thirty copper plate prints, value 8s. 6d. a printed book, in sheets, value 1s. a pamphler, in sheets, value 6d. a quire of demy paper, value 1s. 2d.
             the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Paramore
               




            .


                  GEORGE
                   PARAMORE
               



             sworn.
I am a printer
, a master, the prisoner worked as a journeyman
 to me at the time I was robbed; on the 25th of july, I was sent for to the prisoner's lodgings, I went there, in Christopher's-alley, Moorfields, No. 37, I live in North-green, Worship-street.
Q. How far is that from Christopher's-alley? - Very little way.
Q. How did you know they were the prisoner's lodgings? - Mrs. Pitburn, at whose house he lodged, sent for me, I had seen him there several times, I took the lodgings for him.
Q. What did you find when you got there? - Thirty copper plate prints, a a sacrament hymn book bound, when I found it, and a pamphlet in sheets, and a quire of demy paper, part of them were found on a table and part in a corner cupboard.
Q. What day of the week was the 25th of July? - On Friday; he returned to his lodgings on the Sunday following in liquor, and Mrs. Pitburn again sent for me, informing me he was there, I went there, he was exceedingly abusive, I charged him with having robbed me.
Q. Did you say of what? - I don't know that indeed; I got a constable and had him taken to the watch-house, and on the Monday following had him to the public house.
Q. When had you seen these things last that you found at the prisoner's lodgings? - About a month before.
Q. In what part of your house were they kept - In every part; the copper plate prints were in the room where we print in.
Q. He had no authority from you to take any of these things, nor in the line of his business? - No, none at all.
Q. What did you do with the books when you found them? - I left them in the room till they were sent for to the public office, Mrs. Pitburn gave them to the constable.


                  SARAH
                   PITBURN
               



             sworn.
The prisoner lodged with me ten months, he lodged there the 25th of July. The reason that I had to suspect any thing of the kind, was, the prisoner was discharged from the master that he worked with the 24th of July, and when he came home, it was past eleven in the evening; I told him that I had been informed of his stealing from his master. As soon as I could get entrance, I looked about to see if I could see any thing of his master's; I got entrance there the Friday, the 25th, about nine o'clock, his room was all over litter of paper, he had light a fire in the room, and appeared to have burnt a deal of paper.
Q. Did you find any property belonging to Mr. Paramore, in his room? - Yes.
Q. Did you find thirty copper plate prints? - Yes.
Q. Did you find a printed book in sheets? - Yes.
Q. Did you find a pamphlet in sheets? - Yes.
Q. Did you find a quire of demy paper? - Yes.
Q. Who did you shew these articles to? Did you shew them to Mr. Paramore? - Yes, I sent for him.
Q. Was the prisoner present when Mr. Paramore came? - He was not; I had discharged him from the room.
Q. What was done with the things? They were left in my care; I kept themby themselves; Mr. Paramore carried them to the justice; I delivered them to him, and they were given to my care again before the justice, and I have kept them ever since.
- sworn.
I live in the house with Mrs. Pitburn; I see the things in the prisoner's room, she called me in, Mrs. Pitburn left me in the room, after that she said she would send her brother, Mr. Paramore, to see them; Mr. Paramore was sent for; I went out before he came. I am sure these are the things that were in the prison's room.
Q. To Paramore. I understood from you that the things were put in your care before they went to the magistrate? - They were; but she took them to the office.
Mrs. Pitburn. We all went together at the same time, and I delivered them to Mr. Paramore, to shew before the justice.
Paramore. The copper plate prints I ascertain to be mine, because I printed them, and I missed things of that sort; I print them for the methodist preachers in the connection of the late Mr. Wesley, for Mr. 
               
                  George
                   Whitfield
               



            .


                  Q. 
               


            Had you delivered any of these? - I had not, that I am certain of. The printed book in sheets is bound now, it is the secrament bymns, it has my name at the bottom of it; the pamphlet in sheets, is printed for the same gentleman.
Q. Had you delivered any? - I had; I cannot swear to that. This quire of demy paper, it is the same sort of paper that we print the heads on, and the size.
Prisoner. I have only this to say, that these things being found in my lodgings, they were not in my possession, nor do I think they are the property of the prosecutor.
Jury to Prosecutor. Your name is not on this book, only as a printer? - No; but when I lost that, I had not delivered one to the bookseller.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 42.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
