





537. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LINCOLN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of July
, twelve silver tea spoons, value 21s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Gordon
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   GORDON
               



             sworn.
I am son of 
               
                  David
                   Gordon
               



            , in St. Martin's-lane, Charing-cross


: On the 28th of last July, the prisoner at the bar came into our shop; I think it was on Thursday, and offered to pledge twelve silver teaspoons, upon which I lent him a guinea; at the time he left them, he advised me particularly to tie them up in a brown paper; he came for them in a quarter of an hour, or rather more, and told me he wished to redeem them; he had a small pledge he wished then to leave for 7s. 6d. a shirt and three handkerchiefs; I laid down the tea-spoons upon the counter tied up as he had left them, and, while I was examining the things that he brought, he changed the spoons by laying down pewter spoons upon the counter tied up in the same manner; I had to go some distance to examine the shirt and handkerchiefs; they were not worth so much as he required on them; he took the shirt and handkerchiefs away, and told me he must leave the spoons till he called again, that he could not redeem them at that time because I would not lend him so much upon the articles as he wanted; I took the silver spoons up as I thought, as they laid upon the counter tied up, and took them away into the back shop; I had some suspicion that there was a possibility of changing them.
Q. How came that suspicion to arise? - A. I make it a point, whenever I me any spoons, to take string enough to annex the ticket to it; when I came to look at it, I saw the string was not long enough; I went in pursuit of him, and took himwithin I small distance from our house; it was not above a minute or so before I discovered the cheat; I brought him back to the house, and from thence to the watch-house; I searched him, and found upon him my own spoons and two other parcels of pewter spoons tied up in like manner.
Q. Can you say with certainty, whether he might not have changed them the first time he brought them? - A. No; I weighed them when I put them away.
Jury. Q. Is there no possibility of their having been changed while they were in your shop? - A. No; there is no body in our shop but my brother, my father, and an apprentice.
Q. What is the value of the spoons? - A. I lent him a guinea upon them.
Prisoner's defence. I went to the shop and pledged the spoons; I had no intention of taking away any thing; I was out of the shop three or four minutes, and, if I had had an intention of stealing them, I should have run away with them.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
