





184. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GLISTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of February
, two muslin aprons, value 9 s. two linen shifts, value 5 s. one guinea and an half in gold, and three shillings and sixpence worth of halfpence, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Dunnahaugh
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Peter
                         Caveneau
                     



.


                  ANN
                   DUNNAHAUGH
               



             sworn.
I am a servant
 at Mr. 
               
                  Peter
                   Caveneau
               



            's, and lived with him at the time of the loss of these articles, which was on Monday the 28th of February, when they were taken out of my room where I slept, from a box; the box was locked, and the key lay on the top of the box; it hung to a string, but not tied to the box; on Sunday night I put sixpence in halfpence among the money in the box, and on Monday morning I had been robbed; I got up between six and seven, but did not then look at the box, and left two of my master's daughters asleep in bed; when they came down between eight and nine in the morning, they told me that they saw Glister naked come to the box; in consequenceI went up and missed the things; I missed two muslin gowns, two linen shifts, one guinea and a half in gold, six shillings in silver, and eighty-four halfpence. I had seen all the things in on the Sunday night; the prisoner was let to lodge there a few nights, because he was in distress. My master keeps a public-house, the sign of the High Flier, the corner of Berwick-street.


                  MARY
                   CAVENEAU
               



             sworn.
I am the daughter of 
               
                  Peter
                   Caveneau
               



            ; I sleep with the servant, I was in bed, and waking, I saw the prisoner in the room at the box, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning; I see one hand in the box, and the other holding the lid up; he frightened me so, I am not sure whether he took any thing out or no; I asked him what he wanted; he said he wanted a comb; I told him the soldier had plenty of combs, so he walked out of the room; and I saw him no more till the 8th of March; I got up and dressed myself, and went down directly, in about ten minutes, and told the servant of it, and she went up directly. The prisoner was in his shirt in my room.


                  JOHN
                   PERKINS
               



             sworn.
I am the soldier that was billeted at this house; this 
               
                  William
                   Glister
               



             is the man that I asked leave of my landlord to sleep with me; he is a coachman, I have known him two years; the prisoner slept with me that night, I was upon duty the next morning, and left him in bed; I returned home about eleven, and was accused as a confederate; upon that I was cleared by what the girl said, and on the 8th of March I took him up myself; I told him he must go with me to clear me at my quarters; he said he would come in the afternoon; I told him he must go immediately, and brought him and delivered him into the hands of the officer.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
It is a common lodging house, where there are many lodgers besides me every night.
Jury to Perkins. How near is your room to the girls? - On the same floor, the rooms are opposite.




               GUILTY. (Aged 20.) 39 s. only
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


