





574. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     KENNEDY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of July
, twenty-seven yards of silk ribbon, value 13s. two fans, value 20d. six yards of black silk lace, value 30s. thirty-eight yards of silk lace, value 3l. eleven ounces of thread, value 5s. eleven hanks of thread, value 2s. two papers of pins, value 10d. eight pair of cotton hose, value 21s. a silk cloak, value 21s. five yards of black silk, value 15s. and twenty-five yards of black lace, value 18s.
             the property of 
               
                  George 
                  Eyston
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Crooke
               



            .


                  MARY
                   BAKER
               



             sworn.
I was servant to Messrs. Eyston and Crooke, haberdashers

 and hosiers

 in Pall-mall


: In July last the prisoner was house-keeper
 and cook
; on the 15th of July, I asked her for the key of the room where the bread and cheese was usually kept; that might be eleven o'clock at night; I wanted the key to let the cat in to catch the rais and mice; the door was left open, the kitchen door was open which goes into this room; the next day, about six o'clock in the morning, I came into the kitchen; I was the first that came down.
Q. There was nobody up besides you? - A. Not then; Mr. Eyston came down and went into the place, I followed, and he brought out a box; it was not locked; he looked into it, and there he saw some black silk, which he claimed to be his own; I was sent to call the prisoner down, which I did; when she came down Mr. Crooke and Mr. Eyston asked her to walk into the parlour, I did not go into the parlour; she said, she must go down stairs, and they desired I would go with her.
Q.To the necessary? - A. She did not go there; she went down stairs; she untied her pockets and gave them to me in a passage below, and in giving me her pockets she put out of her pocket a thread-case, with a pawnbroker's duplicate: I picked it up, and gave it to Kennedy; she asked me to go into that room and take the things that were in a box that was there; I told her I could not touch any thing that was there, and she put her hands together and said, then I am ruined, I am ruined; she went up stairs afterwards, and I did not see her any more for some time; after that I went up into the parlour, and saw her begging Mr. Eyston for pardon; he said, he could not pardon her, the law must take place; and I did not hear any thing more till the officer was going to take her into the coach; I took her cloak, and she begged him not to be too hard with her; and he told her it was not him that could hurt her, it must be those gentlemen.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. This is the place where the bread and cheese is kept in the house? - A. Yes.
Q. All the different servants in the house go into this place? - A. No; I have gone in.
Q. You have known it perhaps before, when the key has been left in the door? - A. She never left the key in the door unless she went just by.
Q. If she happened to be by. she has left the key in the door before? - A. Yes; but not to go out of the kitchen.
Q.When she was asking pardon of Mr. Eyston, you did not hear what he had said first? - A. No.
Q. What box are you speaking of? - A. A deal box; she had had it for some time.
Q. It was used to put candles in? - A. I never saw any other.
Q. It is not her bed-room? - A.No.


                  GEORGE
                   EYSTON
               



             sworn.
The prisoner was my cook and house-keeper; she lived with me about nine months; I placed a considerable confidence in her for a considerable time; but I had reason to suspect her of having taken several articles out of the shop; and I discovered upon her a key which opened my bookcase; that was on Saturday the 16th; when I sent for her down stairs to examine her keys, she at first refused to let me see her keys, and she told me that I should not see them unless I had proper authority; I therefore sent for an officer; but in the mean time she said, I need not send for an officer, that she would let me have her keys; I went up stairs to her bed-room with Mr. Crooke, and she opened her trunk before us, and we did not findany thing in particular in the trunk, but a new cloak trimmed with lace; she was told, I believe, by Mr. Crooke, that was stolen: she said, it was not; Mr. Crooke, I believe, asked her where she had got it; and she said, that her husband bought it for her; I had great reason to suppose her husband did not buy it for her; I cannot swear to that cloak; I after that took her down stairs into the parlour; I told her to produce all her keys, and I found a key that opened my book-case; in my book-case I usually deposited the key of the shop on Sundays, and other keys; and during the conversation in the parlour, she was asked what she had taken.
Q.Did you then, or any time after, tell her it would be better for her to confess? - A. I am certain I did not.
Q. Nor did your partner in your presence and hearing? - A.No.
Q. Nor that it would be the worse for her if she did not confess? - A.No; early on Saturday morning I went down stairs to see if Mary Baker had got the keys of her, which I had the day before desired her to do, if she could by any means; I went down, and in this room, of which she kept the key, I found the several articles that are specified in the indictment, the officer has them here; several Monday morning we had found that several bundles had been opened, and that led me to suspect her, and she was frequently alone in the house on a Sunday.
Q. When you found these things, you took her into a room? - A. Yes; Mr. Crooke and myself were there, and her; and Mr. Crooke asked her what was the reason of her taking those things; and she said, it was to pay her lodgings, that she had been in some time before; she went down upon her knees and asked my pardon, and hoped that I should be merciful to her; she afterwards said, she was very unwell, and desired to go down stairs; and I desired the servant to follow her, and take her pockets.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. What is your partner's name? - A. John Crooke.
Q. Are there any other persons interested in your business? - A. There are not.


                  JAMES
                   KENNEDY
               



             sworn.
I am an officer, (produces the property); I had these things out of a box in the prosecutor's kitchen, I took them out of the box myself in the prosecutor's presence; I have had them ever since; after I had taken the property out of the box, the prosecutor said that was his property; I had not then the prisoner in custody; I went over all the house searching for the prisoner, and I found her without the leads upon the top of the house; I told her I was a constable, and she must go with the; she went down upon her knees and begged for mercy, I told her, I had nothing to do with that.
Prosecutor. These six yards of black lace have our private mark upon them, and here is some ribband that had our private mark upon it.
Court. Q.Did you sell her any of this ribband? - A. No; here is another piece that I can swear to, and I believe all the rest to be my property.
Mr. Knapp. Q.When you sell these things, the marks remain upon them? - A. Yes; very often this silk has the mark penciled upon it.
Q.Will you venture to swear that none of these articles had been sold from your shop? - A. No; I cannot swear any such thing.
Q. You did not sell any to the prisoner? - A. No.
Q. You have shopmen that serve? - A. Yes.
Q. You will not undertake to swear that they have not sold it? - A.They would have told me of such a thing, if they had.
Q. But if they had been disposed to be dishonest towards you, they might have done it without your knowledge? - A. Yes.
Kennedy. (Produces a duplicate.) I had this from the girl 
               
                  Mary
                   Baker
               



            .


                  JOSEPH
                   HUXLEY
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I know the prisoner: on the 13th of June, she came to our house with five yards of mode and twenty-five yards of lace, (produces them); she said she brought them for a Mrs. Wilkinson; she said her name was 
               
                  Ann
                   Kennedy
               



            .
Q. Did she come more than once? - A. Not that I remember.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. She gave you her real name? - A. Yes.
Q.And you know Mrs. Wilkinson? - A. Yes.
Mr. Eyston. I really believe this to be mine, but I cannot swear to it.
Court. Q. Did you lose any of that kind? - A. I cannot say that we could have missed it.
Prisoner's defence. I am quite innocent of the charge; I have never varied in keeping my books regularly; my master owes me 3l. wages, and 8s. or 9s. in my weekly book; I have been in prison fourteen weeks; he took my cloak out of my box, and said I had taken it out of his shop; the property is my own, and he cannot swear to it; I always had charge of that girl; I have come home on a Sunday, and the shopman, and all have threatened me; it is a piece of spite, they told me they would pick a hole in my skirt; I had the care of all of them, and that made them pick a hole in my skirt, because I would not let them have things of my master's; and I used to tell them my master was avery miserly man; that cloak belongs to Mrs. Wilkinson, it is not his.(The prisoner called one witness who gave her a good character).



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 40.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
