





339. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BOSELY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of May
, two silver gravy spoons, value 42s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Salter
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  HENRY
                   SALTER
               



             sworn. - I am a Custom-house lighterman
; I keep a house in Hill-street, Upper Clapton


; these things were stolen from my house; the prisoner was a stranger to me; I was going home to dinner between four and five in the afternoon; I met the prisoner at the bar coming out of my fore-gate, which leads to my house; I asked him what business he had inside the gate; he told me, he came to sell some marking-irons; at that time the outer door was open, and the parlour door was open; I had a suspicion that he had been after no good; there was nobody in the parlour; I desired somebody to be called from down stairs immediately, to see if there was any thing gone from the side-board, and I missed two silver gravy-spoons from thence; my servants saw the man go out; I soon alarmed the neighbourhood, and suspected the prisoner to be the thief; I searched for the prisoner, but could not find him directly, and, in a little time after, he was brought to my house, and the spoons I had lost produced to me. I gave him in charge to a peace-officer, together with the spoons, to be produced in this Court at the time of trial.


                  ELIZABETH
                   HICKS
               



             sworn. - I keep a chandler's shop, in New-street, Hackney; the prisoner came to my shop, and asked for some beer, and while I was engaged in drawing him some, I turned round, and hearing a rattling noise, I observed the prisoner to have put something into his pocket; a child came into the shop at the time, andtold me that Mr. Salter's house had been robbed; I looked again at the prisoner with more attention than before; I observed the handle of one of the spoons sticking out of his pocket; he then turned his back to me, as if meaning to go to the door; I observed him gently to lay down the spoons; at that instant a Mrs. Cave, a lodger of mine, was coming in, met the prisoner at the door; she was beginning to tell me of the robbery; I shrieked out for assistance; Mrs. Cave stopped him at the door, and, by the aid of the neighbours, the prisoner was apprehended.


                  JANE
                   CAVE
               



             sworn. - I am a lodger in the house kept by the former witness; as I was going home, I heard that Mr. Salter's house had been robbed; I met the prisoner at the door of her house, and stopped him; there were many of the neighbours soon about the door, who lent their assistance to apprehend the prisoner; I took the spoons, and the prisoner; in his way thither, he was sorry, he said, that he had taken them, and that he was distressed.


                  RICHARD
                   YATES
               



             sworn. - I am a constable,(produces the spoons); I received them from Mr. Salter at the time he sent for me to take charge of the prisoner, on the 27th of May; I have kept them from that time to this; I was sent for between four and five o'clock.
Court. (To Prosecutor.) Q. Can you swear to the spoons now produced? - A. I can; I am quite sure they are mine; I can safely swear to them; they cost me two guineas.
JAMES HUGGINS sworn. - I saw these very spoons on the side-board in the prosecutor's house at a quarter after four in the afternoon of the 27th of May; I saw the man go out at the gate.
Prisoner's defence. I am sorry for it, distress drove me to it.
GUILTY (Aged 20.)
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
