





388. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TENNANT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of October
, six geese, value 18 s. and one tame hen, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Wilkinson
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   WILKINSON
               



             sworn.
I am a poor man, I had six geese and a tame hen fowl, I shut them up over night, and missed them on Saturday morning; I saw them on the Sunday following at Bow-street, Mr. Etherington, of the Bell, at Kilburn, had them; Sir 
               
                  Sampson
                   Wright
               



             told us to make the most we could of them, as they were nearly spoiled; they were marked four in the left claw and two in the right. I could swear to them, I bred them: the fowl was a double comb pullet. I do not know that the prisoner was ever seen by me near the place.


                  JONATHAN
                   GEE
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Etherington, of Kilburn Wells, I am collector of the tolls. The 15th, Saturday morning, the prisoner came to the gate, I asked him how far he was travelling? he said he was going to London; he had the geese in a bag on his back; I said, have you been robbing a hen roost? the bag was bloody, I stopped him, and in the bag I found four fowls and six geese, all dead, but quite hot, they were brought to Bow-street. The prosecutor appeared on Tuesday. Mr. Wilkinson saw all the things. The prisoner said he did not know who they belonged to. The prosecutor swore to them.


                  GEORGE
                   OSBORN
               



             sworn.
I am a labouring man, I live in the same house with Wilkinson; I was going to work on Saturday morning, there wasblood in the out-house where the geese were shut up, that is in Wilkinson's place; he had six geese and a tame fowl, the fowl roosted on the rack with mine, I can swear to the geese and fowl, having known them so long, I did not take any exceptions of the fowls.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming over the common, and I heard these geese cry out, as I went up to them there was a man ran away, therefore I took them and put them in my sack.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.
Gee. It was near three miles from the turnpike where I seized the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            , (Aged 28.)
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


