





737. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     HOBBS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of September
, thirty-eight pieces of callico, containing 760 yards, value 60 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Martin
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   PRICE
               



             sworn.
I am porter to Mr. Martin; he is a wholesale linen-draper
; on the 20th of September, between six and seven in the evening, at the back of the Royal Exchange


, at the pitching-block, I had pitched my load, and was taking it up again, and a man came behind me, and pulled it off, and ran away; I went to run after him, and another catched me hold by the arm, and enquired the way for the Swan with Two Necks; I thought of my load; I turned round, and saw it turning into Sweeting's-alley; a ticket porter followed him, and I ran through the Change to meet him; I got sight of him in Cornhill, and as he went into Cooper's-court, he dropt it; I ran into the court, and caught hold of the prisoner; I did not see him drop it; the ticket porter stood by the load, and I brought the prisoner to the Compter; the load was carried into Mr. Bates's, the stationer's, while I held the prisoner; I took it to Guildhall; my master has had the load ever since it was at Guildhall; there were thirty-eight pieces of callico in the bundle; I put them in myself; while I had hold of the prisoner, two men tried to get him away.
Mr. Knapp, Prisoner's Counsel. Was it perfectly light when you got to the pitching-block? - Yes.
You know nothing of the man who pulled the load off? - I should know him if I saw him again.
What did the man say, who asked the way to the Swan with Two Necks? - He stuttered a great deal; I gave him no answer, for I was up to it, and I ran after my load.
From the time you saw him at Sweeting's-alley, how long was it till you saw him in Cornhill? - Not more than half a minute.
You did not see the load drop? - I never saw his face till I took him.


                  ANTHONY
                   JEFFERSON
               



             sworn.
I am a ticket-porter; I was standing by the Change; at the bottom of Sweeting's-alley; I saw a man with a load passing by me, he rather ran; I thought it was a robbery; I saw Mr. Martin's porter; he said, he had lost his bundle; I said, follow; I desired him to turn to the right; I ran into Cornhill; the prisoner was just turning into Cooper's-court; I called to the porter, and he came up; he dropped the load at my feet: it was immediately taken to Mr. Bates's, the stationer's: the prisoner was committed: I lost sight of him for a littletime: I am sure he is the man: I saw his face as he passed by me.


                  CHARLES
                   SILK
               



             sworn.
I am the street-keeper of Cornhill; I took custody of the prisoner; the bundle was left at Mr. Bates's, from the Monday till the Wednesday.


                  THOMAS
                   MARTIN
               



             sworn.
(The bundle produced and deposed to.)
I saw the bundle at Guildhall; it was sealed.
Mr. Knapp. You have many pieces of the same quality? - Yes.
Have not you a great many with the same mark? - None, Sir.
You never saw them after you sold them, till you saw them at Guildhall? - No, I did not.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
