





203. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BREWITT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Adderley
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of nine in the night, on the 25th of February
, and burglariously stealing therein, one callico bedgown, value 2 s. one linen shift, value 12 d. one cap, value 6 d. one piece of silk ribbon, value 2 d. a pair of cotton stockings, value 6 d. a sheet, value 6 d. a petticoat, value 6 d.
             his property.


                  RACHEL
                   ADDERLEY
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  William
                   Adderley
               



            ; he is at sea. I live in North-east-passage, Wellclose-square


. On the 25th of February my house was broke open; I went out at eight; I locked the door, and left nobody; I came back about nine; I found the door broke open; the staple was wrenched double; I lost the things in the indictment; there are two rooms to the house, but only one door: I never got any thing again butthe shift and the ribbon; I never saw the prisoner before he was taken.


                  JOSEPH
                   WEST
               



             sworn.
I produce a shift and some ribbon; the shift was taken out from his trowsers wet, by Mumford, and I was present; and the ribbon I found in his pocket: it was about ten or half after, the same night, I was going into the publick-house next door, and ran against two men; one was the prisoner; he spoke to me; that was about eight; and when I heard of the robbery I suspected the prisoner, and went after him, and took him in Gravel-lane; the passage led to her court.
(The shift deposed to by the prosecutrix, she having just washed it, and having her work in it.)
Prisoner. Will you ask the prosecutrix how she gets her living; she is a common prostitute, and will swear any body's life away for the reward.
Prosecutrix. I did not know there was any reward given. I get my living in Rosemary-lane.
Court to West. Is that true? - She deals in Rosemary-lane in old clothes.
Is she a woman of character enough to believe? - I know nothing against her character for dishonesty; she is a very slight acquaintance of mine.




               GUILTY of stealing
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
