





214. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of February
, two blue jackets, value 20s. two cotton shirts, value 4s. a pair of linen trowsers. value 5s. a kerseymere waistcoat, value 5s. and two pair of cotton stockings, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sullivan
                  




               
            .


                  CATHERINE
                   SULLIVAN
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of John Sullivan, a seafaring man
; I was out, in place, my landlady sent for me; I found my chest bottom upwards, and a piece broke out; I missed the things mentioned in the indictment; the prisoner lodged in the house in the same room where my chest was; I found the things all at the pawnbroker's.


                  JANE
                   HOWES
               



             sworn. - The last witness lodged with me, and the prisoner lodged with me; she went away, and left the chest behind her; I told her I wanted a few things out of Mrs. Sullivan's chest, for she had sent for some things; the prisoner went out, and did not return till next morning; I went to the chest, and there was nothing in it; when I opened the chest, I said, Mrs. Thomas, do you know any thing about this, and she said, no very likely Mrs. Sullivan has taken them with her; I said, no, she had not, and I sent for her; I missed a pair of sheets of my own; she told me where she had pawned them, and there I found the other things.
- SMITH sworn. - I am servant to a pawnbroker, (produces the property); I took these things in of the prisoner; she said they were her own; I lent her 1l. 2s. 8 1/2d. upon them. (The property was deposed to by Mrs. Sullivan).
Prisoner's defence. They told me if I told where they were, they would not hurt a hair of my head.
Smith. When they came to me about the sheets, they were talking about the contents of the chest, and it struck me that they were the things I had taken in of the prisoner.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 43.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
