





322. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SEVILLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of March
, four hempen hammocks, value 11 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Walker
                  




               
            .
(The Case opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  SAMUEL
                   WALKER
               



             sworn.
I live in Mark-lane; I am a merchant
; I am a contractor with government for hammocks, furnishing the different yards; I was sent for to the public office, Goodman's Fields, about the beginning of March, and was shewn four hammocks, they appearing to me to be mine; they were produced by order of the magistrate by Joseph Bare, in consequence after writing, I had some communication with the officers of the Dock-yard, at Deptford, and was informed there was four deficient, and they were stopped in the account; I have been in the habit of sending them down daily ever since the armament began.
Q. By what conveyance do you send them? - By the cart of Mr. Robinson's.


                  JOSEPH
                   BARE
               



             sworn.
I belong to the office in Whitechapel. On the 1st of March, Friday night; I saw the prisoner going into an old iron shop, he went into the shop, one Bury's shop, he had a bundle on his head, and he put it down, and I went in and asked him what he had got there? he said, for God's sake say nothing about it, for it would be the ruin of him; I told him I was an officer, and must do my duty, and take him to the justice; I took the bundle and him to the justice; I have got the bundle here; the bundle was a great quantity of hemp, and in the hemp packed up these four hammocks. (Produced.)


                  JAMES
                   ROBINSON
               



             sworn.
I live in Stoney-lane, Tooley-street; I am a master carman; I am in the habit of carrying every day for Mr. Walker; I carried two loads of hammocks on the 1st of March; I know the prisoner very well, he drives one of my carts.
Q. Did he drive your cart on the day you describe? - Not with hammocks, he had many times before that day; I saw him in the lock-up place before he was examined; I said, I was very sorry to see him there, he said, he was brought in there, and it was what he got by serving somebody else, that was all he said at that time.


                  WILLIAM
                   NETLAND
               



             sworn.
I work for Mr. Walker; I am the man that takes the hammocks in and delivers them out.
Q. Do you remember delivering out any in March last? - Yes, we count them out ten in a bundle, that is the usual way.
Q. Do you deliver them out in any other mode? - Never.

Q. Do you know whether you delivered these out? - I cannot say; I don't know that I was absent one day.
- HUGHES sworn.
I am labourer in the Dock Yard at Deptford; I keep mostly keep tally; there.
Q. Do you remember any goods sent by Mr. Walker in March last? - I do, and there was two in one bundle deficient; a bundle consists of ten.
Q. Was there any other deficient besides the two in one bundle? - I don't know.
Prisoner. I have got nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Lord KENYON.
