





423. 
               
                  
                     AGNES 
                     VALLANCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of August
, a woollen blanket, value 3s. six china cups, value 2s. six china saucers, value 2s. a set of cotton bed furniture,value 9s. for cotton bed curtains, value 10s. a cotton counterpane, value 6s. seven linen pillow cases, value 14s. eleven linen shifts, value 30s. two linen sheets, value 4s. eleven cotton caps, value 6s. seven gigham bed gowns, value 7s. a cotton handkerchief, value 2s. a cotton quilt, value 4s. ten yards of satin for a petticoat, value 15s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth Rebecca 
                           Armstrong
                        



                     
                  , widow
; a gown, value 11s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Staple
                        



                     
                  , spinster
, and eleven muslin frocks, value 3l. the goods of 
                     
                        Harriot 
                        Armstrong
                     



                  , spinster
, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Elizabeth
                         Armstrong
                     



.


                  ELIZABETH
                   REBECCA ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn.
Q. Are you a widow? - Yes.
Q. Where do you live? - No. 25, in Philpot-lane, Fenchurch street


.
Q. Was the prisoner a servant
 of your's? - She was. I went out of town the 2d of June, and I came back the 4th of August; I left her in charge of my house alone; when I came back I found my house in a very uncomfortable situation, exceedingly dirty. Afterwards when I came to examine, I found the windows were broke, table and chairs broke, that shewed there had been very disorderly behaviour in the house; I complained of the house being very dirty to receive me, and she fell a crying, and said, she had been a very bad girl, she said, she had kept very bad company.
Q. This was exactly as it passed between you? - Exactly; I had not been two minutes in the house. She said she had bad connections, and had pawned a great many of my things. I said, you have used me very ill, who have you pawned them to? she said, to a young lady that was with me, whom I had brought out of the country with me, if she would come along with her she would shew her. The young lady said to me, ma'am, you need not go, for I have seen a little here that explains all; it was a letter that she had picked up in the kitchen. On which I said to the prisoner, tell me what you are after; says she, I will give you the duplicates. In consequence of that she gave me a great many duplicates.
Q. Did you trace the property by these duplicates? - Yes, at five pawnbrokers that are now in court.


                  ELIZABETH
                   STAPLES
               



             sworn.
Q. Was you in the house of Mrs. Armstrong when she came home from the country? - I was.
Q. You are a relation to the family? - I am. She gave me up some of the duplicates; I went to my father and asked his advice, and he sent an officer the next morning; and when the officer searched the prisoner, in her pocket book were found three more duplicates.
Q. Did you see them taken from her? - I did. The officer kept them.


                  PETER
                   MAINE
               



             sworn.
I am an officer of the City of London. I produce some tickets; I took them from the prisoner, on Wednesday the 5th of August; I went there in consequence of a message from the lady.
Q. Have you any other duplicates that the young lady gave you? - Yes. I think I have fourteen of different pawnbrokers.
Q. Have you kept them from that time to this? - Yes. The pawnbrokers are all here.


                  JAMES
                   FISK
               



             sworn.
I am apprentice to a pawnbroker; I produce four cotton curtains, pledged the 31st of July; an umbrella for three shillings, the 1st of August; a gown and petticoat, on the 3d of August; and eleven china cups, the 29th of July; a muslin frock, pawned the 20th of July; and six china cups and six saucers, pledged the first of August; I did not take them in.
Q. Is there any witness here who did take them in? - No.
Q. Was there any duplicate found on the prisoner of these cups and saucers? - No. I took four of the articles in myself.
Q. What do you think the cotton curtains would sell for? - Ten shillings; the umbrella for five; the muslin frock for six; eleven cotton caps for about five.
Q. Who was the person that pawned all these different articles? - The prisoner at the bar.
Q. Were they pawned in her own name? - Not all of them.
Q. In different names? - Yes, Rawlins, Vallence, and Armstrong.
Q. To Maine. Shew him the duplicates that you took from the prisoner.
Fisk. The duplicate of four curtains is not here, only the duplicate of the umbrella, and the gown and petticoat; a dimity gown and muslin petticoat, I took that in myself.


                  WILLIAM
                   THURSTON
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker. On the 24th of July I took in a gown and petticoat; there are two frocks in the same parcel; there was some died satin pawned the same day.
Q. Were all the articles that you speak to pawned by the prisoner? - It was a young woman; I cannot say the prisoner because I did not know her when I see her at the Mansion House.
Q. What may the two muslin frocks be worth? - About fourteen shillings; it is uncertain the value of them.
Q. Would you give that for them in your trade? - Yes, I would; and ten yards of satin ten shillings.
Q. To Maine. Let him see the duplicates.
Thurston. They are here; it is not my hand writing, but I know them.
Mr. Alley. You say you don't know who brought these things to your house. You know it is the common practice of people who get these tickets frequently to pass them from hand to hand? - They do when they are in want of money.


                  RICHARD
                   SHARE
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker's servant in the Minories. On the 30th of July, I took in five gigham or callico bed gowns for five shillings, on the 31st, four shifts for four shillings, of the name of Armstrong. I have two other pledged which were taken in by a young woman.
Q. Do you know who pawned these that you took in? - Yes, the prisoner.
Q. What may be the value of the gigham bed gowns? - About half a crown a piece.
Q. To Maine. Shew him the duplicates.
Share. They are my duplicates.


                  ISAAC
                   BANNISTER
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I produce a set of linen curtains, and three gigham bed gowns, pawned the 31st of July by the prisoner.
Q. To Maine. Shew him the duplicates.
Bannister. That is my hand writing. I would not give above a shilling a piece for them.


                  MICHAEL
                   CONNER
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker's servant; I produce one frock, pledged the 24th of July, for four shillings; four muslin frocks and six pillow cases, for fifteen shillings, the 30th of July.
Q. Do you know the person of the prisoner? - I do not; I did not take thethings in; but I can swear to the ticket, I know the hand writing.
Q. What may be the value of the muslin frock? - Five shillings.
Q. What may be the value of four muslin frocks and six pillow cases? - Fifteen shillings.
Q. To Prosecutor. Were these things left out, or were the drawers left open? - The things that belonged to the child were all in one drawer, but I cannot swear that that drawer was locked; the curtains were on the bed, and the umbrella was in a closet, and this furniture was the furniture of her own bed; the child's things are marked H. it was done in the Indies, never been wore; they are all new.
Prisoner. I leave it all to my counsel.
Court to Prosecutor. Had you any character with this girl when you took her? - I had a very good character, particularly with regard to her morals.
The prisoner called two witnesses who gave her a good character.




               GUILTY, Of Stealing to the value of 22s. 6d.
            (Aged 16.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
