





380. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROMANINE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of September
, sixty-four new iron vat hoops, value 4l. ten old iron vat hoops, value 7s. forty old iron butt hoops, value 12s. a half hundred lead weight, value 2s. 6d. five half hundred iron weights, value 15s. and a bundle of tackle rope, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  George 
                  Shum
               



             the elder, 
               
                  
                     Harvey-Christian 
                     Combe
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Delafield
                  



               
            , 
               
                  George 
                  Shum
               



             the younger, and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Packer
                  



               
            .
The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.
George Shum, junior, proved the firm of the house, which corresponded with the indictment.


                  ROBERT
                   BROWN
               



             sworn. - I live at the Welchharp, Tottenham-court-road, not a quarter of a mile distant from Mr. Shum's premises; I went with some ale to Moore's iron shop, next door, for the prisoner and others to drink. On the 1st of October I went down into the cellar, I saw four large bundles of vat hoops at the back part of my house; when I came out of the cellar, I looked up and saw that two of them were gone; I then immediately went into the-shop with the ale, and saw two bundles in the scales weighing, the prisoner was there, and John Cummings and 
               
                  Robert
                   Kent
               



            .
Q. What were they doing? - A.Seeing the weight of the hoops when I went in, and then they drank the ale that I carried them; in consequence of what I saw, I gave information to Mr. Shum's people.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. The first time you saw any vat hoops was at the back of your house? - A. Yes.
Q. Who brought them there you don't know? - A. No.
Q. You saw some hoops weighing in the shop? - A. Yes.
Q. But who brought them there you don't know? - A. No.
Q. You did not see him doing any thing with the hoops? - A.No.


                  ROBERT
                   KENT
               



             swron. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. - I am servant to Mr. Shum, at the store-house, in Tottenham-court-road, the prisoner was the same.
Q. Do you know any thing of any vat hoops that were stolen? - A. Yes, Romaine, Cummings, Bray, and King-
Q. Had you no hand in it? - A. Yes.
Q. What did you do with them when you had stolen them? - A. We took them to Mr. Moore's shop, and sold them for a penny a pound.
Q. How long before you were taken up were you there? - A.About a fortnight,and we had some beer from the Welch-harp, John Brown brought it in to us at Moore's.
Q. How was that money divided? - A. It was shared equally.
Q. What was your share? - A. Half-a-guinea.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You were taken up on the 2d of October? - A. I cannot tell.
Q. You are endeavouring to hang this man to save yourself? - A. Yes.


                  HENRY
                   CROCKER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. On the 2d of October I went with a search-warrant to Moore's house, but did not serve it till the 3d in the morning; I broke open the premises, I found eight bundles of new hoops, a quantity of old ones, a quantity of weights, and a quantity of rope; Moore has never been heard of since.


                  JOSEPH
                   HOLT
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Shum; I missed a great quantity of vat hoops from the premises in Store-street; I went with Crocker to Moore's house, with a search-warrant; I found eight bundles of new vat hoops, a bundle of old vat hoops, and some tackle rope; the vat hoops are most of them marked with two T's and a W; the prisoner is a labourer under me; I pointed him out to Crocker, and told him, that is your man; I desired Crocker to take him over the way to the public-house, and I would search after the other men, but they had gone off; I then went over to Romaine; I have not the least doubt but these vat hoops are mr. Shum's property; they are new hoops, eight feet long, and have never been rivetted; they are in straight bars.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. The mark you speak of is the mark of the maker? - A. Yes.

Q. He makes for a great many other persons besides Messrs. Shum and Combe? - A. Yes.
Q. And he perhaps puts the same marks upon those he makes for other brewers? - A. He may, he works for a great many coopers.
Mr. Knowlys. Q.Did the prisoner at this time work for any other brewer? - A. Not at that time.
Q.What is the value of these? - A. About half-a-guinea a bundle.
Court. Q. Did you steal these things at different times, or at once? - A. At several times.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence, but called four respectable witnesses, who gave him an excellent character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
