






135. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SMITH alias 
RICHARD HANNIBALL




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANGELICA 
                     BAZEN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of December
 last, a feather bed, value 20 s. a pair of sheets, value 4 s. a linen and cotton counterpane, value 2 s. a lookingglass, value 2 s. a wooden chest, value 5 s. a pillow case, value 6 d. one iron candlestick, value 3 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Bibb
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging room let by her to the said 
                     
                        George
                         Smith
                     



                   otherwise Richard Hanniball
            , enjoyed by him and the said 
               
                  Angelica
                   Bazen
               



            , his pretended wife, in the lodging aforesaid.


                  ANN
                   BIBB
               



             sworn.
I am a widow
. I live in Vine-street


. I keep a house there. The prisoner, 
               
                  George
                   Smith
               



            , came to me, and asked me for a lodging; on Wednesday, the 17th of November last, he came to my house: I had a bill on the window: I shewed him the lodging, and went up stairs with him: he asked if he could bring his wife that night: it was a furnished room, up two pair of stairs forward: we agreed about the lodgings in the room: I told him, he might come in that night: we agreed for six shillings a week; and he desired me to light him a fire, and get him a candle, and some wood, which I did; he gave me one shilling earnest, till he came back; and between ten and eleven he brought a woman (as I expected to be his wife): he took the lodgings for him and his wife; then he paid me for the wood and coals: they did not live with me a week; my rent was to be paid weekly, and was due the 24th: the furniture consisted of a good feather bed, two sheets, two blankets, a counterpane, furniture to the bed, three chairs imitating mahogany, with horse-hair bottoms, a dressing glass, two tables, and a chest, sufficient fire irons, a tea kettle, and crockery-ware necessary for their use: the chest was of more value to me than my bed, because I respected it; but it was worth half a guinea: the prisoners went away on the 23d, at night, and did not return; and in the evening of the 24th I went into the apartment with my son; I got a key which unlocked the door; when I went in I was so frightened I shrieked out, and the neighbours came in: I missed my feather bed, a pair of sheets, a counterpane, (it was patch-work, made of cotton, cost three shillings and sixpence) a pillow-case, a dresssing-glass, a chest, and an iron candlestick; these were for their use in the lodging; they were all in the room when the prisoner took possession of it; I never saw any of the property, and I do not know how it went, only what they said and wrote; I went to the Rotation-office on the 25th of November, and got a warrant, and took an officer with me.
Had you frequent opportunities of observing him during the short week he lived with you, so as to know him again? - Every day he came into my own apartment; I have no doubt of the prisoner.
Was there any key belonging to your house, that you know of, that would open that door in which the black man lodged? - Not to my knowledge; I did not know before my son told me that there was any key in the house; the prisoner said she was a lady's maid
 out of place, and would go to service again, and also a mantua-maker, and he desired me to help her to work, and she was not with him when the lodgings was hired: the prisoner offered to pay me for every thing that was lost, the last time he was before the magistrate, Justice Walker, which was the beginning of February; the prisoner said he would give me a note to go and get a guinea, the next day, towards my loss; I did not agree to it: the prisoner was most commonly at home all day, and went out in the evening; in bed all day; he said he was a hair-dresser.
Prisoner. She said if I would give her a guinea, she would not prosecute me? - Never, upon my oath.


                  CHARLES
                   YOUNG
               



             sworn.
I attend the Rotation-office in Litchfield-street, I had a warrant against the prisoner Smith, dated 25th November: on the 20th of January I was informed he was in the Dry-rooom at the Parade; I could not meet with him before; the Duke of York ordered the prisoner to be delivered up to us; I brought him to Justice Read's. He played the cymbals in the regiment.
Court. Was what he said before the magistrate taken down in writing? - I do notknow, his clerk was writing at the time, I could not find any thing, I went to Mrs. Sharrard's in Bowl-yard.
Prisoner Smith. At the time I was taken they were offered some money not to touch me till I was flogged, so the Duke of York gave them some money that I might be punished first, and then they were to take me; I was first punished, and then turned over to them; they got five guineas as far as I understand, for not taking me.
Had you five guineas? - No, not a farthing, I only had a shilling for executing the warrant.


                  THOMAS
                   DALTON
               



             sworn.
I am a constable for the county; I had a warrant against the prisoner by the name of 
               
                  Richard
                   Hannibal
               



            , dated the 28th of October, on another complaint; I apprehended him the Monday before the 20th of January; the officers of the regiment were then holding a court martial over him; he was taken to the Savoy, and on Wednesday the 20th of January I went to the Parade, and the Duke of York was on the Parade; I told the Duke I had a warrant against the prisoner, and he sent a serjeant with me to the dry room; he was delivered up to us, and we took him to Poland-street; he was committed for further examination: he was brought up again on the 22d of January, when the several prosecutors appeared; Mrs. Bibb appeared and swore to him, and to the woman who was in custody; he told me that the things that were taken from Mrs. Bibb were sold; that was in the coach going down to the prison; I made him no promise, but the contrary, nothing better or worse; I said to him, what the devil could you do with these things, to take away so many as you have done? he said it did not signify, they were all sold out and out.
Court. Then I understand you, your question was a general one, and not particularly applied to Mrs. Bibb? - Not particularly.
Prisoner Smith. Please to ask him if he did not clap his hand upon my shoulder, while I stood in the Orderly-room, and would not take me prisoner? - Yes, because there was a serjeant, a corporal, and two more men about him, and it was the Duke's desire.
Then I understand you, you took him to be a military prisoner, already in the Orderly-room? - Yes.
Had not you any quarrel about the money? - No, my Lord, I have not even had the payment for the warrant.
Prisoner Smith. I have nothing further to say.


                  GEORGE
                   SMITH
               



            , alias 
               
                  RICHARD
                   HANNIBALL
               



            ,



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  ANGELICA
                   BAZEN
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
