






511. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     CONJUET
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     JACOBS, otherwise 
ABRAHAMS





               
            , were indicted, the first, for 


               stealing, on the 16th of August

, a silver watch, value 25s. a steel chain, value 3d. and a metal watch-key, value 2d.
             the property of 
               
                  William Biddles

               
            ; and Jacobs, for 


               receiving the same goods knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   BIDDLES
               



             sworn. - I am a soldier
 in the second regiment of guards; On the 16th of August, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I went into the Ship public-house, in Rosemary-lane



, I called for a pint of beer, and sat down; presently the young woman at the bar came in, she asked me if I would give her a glass of any thing; I called for a quartern of gin and gave her a glass, and she gave it to the man that was with her, the prisoner, Jacobs; I poured out another, and she drank it herself; then she asked me to go along with her home, and when I got home with her, I gave her a sixpence, and five pennyworth of halfpence to get some beer with; I was tired and laid down on the bed.
Q. Where does she live? - A.In Maypole-court, East Smithfield; when I laid down, I pulled out my watch and laid it upon the table; I saw her take something off the table but did not think she was taking my watch, I thought she was taking something to fetch the drink in; I had some duty to do, I got up, and found the door was locked, I saw a knife upon the table, and I put the bolt back; I went down stairs, and while I was telling a man about my concerns, a Jew boy brought the key to let me out; we found the watch at the pawnbroker's.
Q. Were you sober? - A. Yes, quite sober; for I had come home that day, and had had but that pint of beer.


                  BENJAMIN
                   NATHAN
               



             sworn. - I am a watchmaker: The prisoner Jacobs came to me about four o'clock, and asked me if I would go of an errand for him, he would pay me for my trouble; then be gave me a key, and told me to let a man out of his room in Maypole-court, East Smithfield, the other prisoner lives with him in that room; I went to the door and found it open; I locked the door and carried him the key, and he gave me a shilling for my trouble; a little after that, he gave me the duplicate, and told me to fell it, and make the most I could for him; then I took it to my landlord where I lodged, and gave it to him, and he took the watch out of pawn, and pawned it again at the same place for the same money, he is not here; then, the next morning, he gave me the other duplicate, and then I went to my uncle's and shewed him the duplicate, and he asked me who I had it of, and I described the person I had it from, and my uncle told me the watch was stolen; then I went to Lambeth-street office, and gave the duplicate up to Mr. Osborne; on the Monday following, the Justice sent for me, and I told him all about it.
Q. (To Biddles.) Are you sure that is the man that was at the public-house with you? - A. Yes.


                  JAMES
                   THORNE
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, in the Minories: On the 16th of August, the woman prisoner brought a watch to pledge, about four o'clock in the afternoon, as near as I can recollect, or it might be rather later; I asked her who the watch belonged to; she told me to her husband, he was going to Long-reach, and wanted some money to pay his expences; she wanted twenty-five shillings, but I lent her a guinea upon it; I asked her if her name was not Gallaway, and she said, yes, it was; that was the name I knew her by at our shop; she was not a customer at the shop, but I had seen her pass backwards and forwards with the other prisoner; I asked her if she lived in Rosemary-lane; she told me she had left Rosemary-lane, and lived in the Little Minories. (Produces the watch).
Biddles. This is my watch, I know it by the chain and seal; I have only had the watch three days; I swapped watches but did not swap chains.


                  RICHARD
                   OSBORNE
               



             sworn. - On the 17th of August I apprehended the man prisoner, about the middle of the day; and the same evening, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I apprehended the woman; and the next day I went to seek after the watch, and found the watch in the Minories, at the pawnbrokers.
Conjuet's defence. The soldier had been with me several times in my apartments, he went with methat day; he said he had no money, and he gave me the watch to pledge for him, to get us some supper, and then he was to make me a compliment to sleep with me all night; this man knows nothing at all about it.
Court. (To Nathan). Q. Which of the prisoners gave you the key? - A. The man.
Q. Who gave you the duplicate? - A. The man.
Jacobs's defence. The apartment is not mine, nor do I sleep there constantly; I gave him neither duplicate nor key, nor shilling.
Conjuet, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 37.)





               Confined one year in the House of Correction
            , and 



               fined 1s.
            

Jacobs, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 53.)




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
