





176. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BROUGHTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of January
, 2400 halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bentley
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Grace
               



            .
Second Count. Laying them to be the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Woolley
               



            .


                  JOHN
                   WOOLLEY
               



             sworn. - I am a carman
; I was sent to Mr. Jones, of Kent-street, after ten pounds worth of copper; I had them tied up in two parcels, five pounds in each, in a cart, and just as I had got through Temple-bar


 -
Q. Where were you going? - A. To Essex-street, in the Strand


, and from there to Chelsea, James Broughton came behind the cart; he drew them to the top of the tail of the cart, and the weight of them made them break right in two across the tail ladder, and the string that they were tied with was so, that he could not pull them away; Iturned my head round, and saw him in the act of pulling them; as soon as I turned my head, he stepped upon the pavement from the tail of the cart; then I stopped the horse, jumped out of the cart, and he ran up Devereux-court; then I called out, stop thief, and followed him; he was stopped by a gentleman at a gate that leads from Devereux-court into the Temple; this gentleman held him till I came up; I took hold of one side of him, and the gentleman took hold of the other; then we brought him back to the tail of the cart, halfpence were then hanging as I have de they were in twenty five-shilling papers, and a large sheet of brown paper over that; then we took him down to Essex-street, and the cart with us, and I told the black servant to take care of all the halfpence that were in the cart, and then we took him to Bow-street.
Q. Are you sure that the man that was stopped was the man you saw at the tail of the cart? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you lose sight of him? - A. No, except while he turned the corner; when he got to the tail of the cart, he said, what have you lost, have you lost any thing?
Q. In what part of the cart were the halfpence placed? - A. About a foot and a half from the tailboard.
Q. And you knew that they contained halfpence before they were broke? - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You were sent to Mr. Jones's - What is Mr. Jones? - A. An oilman.
Q. Who are you servant to? - A.Messrs. Bentley and Grace, turpentine manufacturers, at Chelsea; and we have an accompting-house at Essex-street.
Q. So you were to go to Jones's for halfpence? - A. Yes.
Q. When you received the halfpence, I take it they were ready to be delivered to you? - A. Yes.
Q. And were put up in parcels before you saw them? - A. Yes.
Q.Therefore, whether they contained halfpence or not, you cannot tell? - A. I had a note with them that they contained 10l.
Q. But you had not an opportunity of seeing that before you came from Jones's? - A. No, the 5l. that was opened was halfpence.
Q. How do you know that? - A. From what my master says, and I myself saw two five shilling papers that were broke, they contained halfpence.
Q. Where were you? - A. Sitting in the middle of the cart.
Q. Could the prisoner, standing upon the ground, have got at them? - A. No, not without springing up; but I saw him up upon the tail of the cart pulling the halfpence through.
Q. You did not lose sight of him? - A.Not more than half a minute.
Q. There were a great many people walking down the Strand? - A. But nobody in Devereux-court.
Q. But there were a great many people walking in the Strand? - A. Yes.
GEORGE-
               
                  HENRY
                   MORTIMER
               



             sworn. - I am an attorney: On the 15th of January, a little after six, I was going to our office in Essex-street, and, waiting for one of the clerks, I was going into the Temple, and heard a cry of stop thief; the prisoner ran against me, and I collared him; he begged of me to let him go; at that moment the carter came up, and told me the prisoner had attempted to rob his master's cart of some halfpence; the prisoner then said, sir, I have taken nothing, ask him if he has lost any thing; we then led him up to the cart, to the end of Devereux-court, opposite Twining's, and, through the rail of the tail-board, of his cart, there appeared to be a package of halfpence burst at one end; we then took him down to Bentley and Grace's house, in Essex-street; when I got him back from our own office, and put in the whole of the halfpence that I could find in the cart, we then went away with him; he wished to go up through the court, and I insisted upon his going through the public streets; at Somerset-house he remarked that there were some young men round him that he knew, upon which I grasped him tighter, and he immediately attempted to get from us; he threw himself down, attempting to pull me upon him; I let him go, instead of struggling with him, and we kept off the people that were wanting to get round, and some gentlemen, who came to my assistance, helped to convey him to Bow-street; among the people that surrounded us, he pointed out two or three that he knew, and I was apprehensive we should meet with some damage; after he was at Bow-street, I went down to Bentley and Grace's, where I found the halfpence tied up in the same manner as I had left them in the bag; I opened several of them with my knife, to see what they contained, and I found 1s. 11d. missing out of two packages; they were tied up in five shilling papers; he had an offer to go for a soldier, and we did not know that he was not gone till just the beginning of the Sessions; the masters would not prosecute, and they have left it upon this poor man to be at the expence of it.
Q.(To Woolley). What are your master's names? - A. Thomas Bentley and Thomas Grace.
Q. Are there any other partners? - A. Not that I know of.
Prisoner's defence. I was going into Garden-court, in the Temple, from the Magpie and Stump, in Butcher-row, through Devereux-court, and this gentleman stopped me, I was not near the cart.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before
Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
