





678. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     ANDREWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of September
, three linen sheets, value 8 s. a copper tea kettle, value 1 s. a linen counterpane, value 2 s. two check linen bed curtains, value 3 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Beston
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging room
            .


                  GEORGE
                   BESTON
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 43, Fort-street, Westminster


; I let lodgings to the prisoner about a week before Michaelmas, or a fortnight; I let a room to this 
               
                  Ann
                   Andrews
               



            , and 
               
                  Susannah
                   Taylor
               



            , at three shillings a week; it was a two pair of stairs room forwards; they stayed one week, they paid me that week, and the next week they robbed the lodgings and set off with the key of the door.
Q. Which of them came to the room? - They both came and lived there, and they both took it together.
Q. Who paid you? - Susannah Taylor.
Q. When did you take the prisoner? - On Sunday, Michaelmas day, the 29th of September; my wife and I were walking in the park, and we see her, and gave charge to the constable.
Q. What did you miss from your lodgings? - Two sheets, two curtains, a tea kettle, and a coverlid.
Q.Did you recover any of these things? - None but what the pawnbroker has. One of the sheets was taken out of another room.
Prisoner. I wish to ask her whether I had any hand in taking the room, giving earnest, or paying the rent? - They both took it together, and they both came.


                  LYDIA
                   BESTON
               



             sworn.
I know no more than the prisoner locking herself in while the other woman was gone out; I wanted an iron and a frying pan, and she would not let me have it; when I asked her, she would not open the door.
Q. What day was this? - On the Friday, the day before they went.


                  JOHN
                   MOORE
               



             sworn.
On the 29th of September the gentleman sent to my house, I did not know justly for what, when I came he said it was to take this woman into custody; I searched her, I found two duplicates for two sheets, one was two sheets out of the room that she rented, and the other out of a different apartment.

- TURNER sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, I have got the things here, they are sheets.
Q. Who did you take these sheets of? - I believe the prisoner at the bar, but I cannot positively swear to her person.
Q. Do you recollect when? - The 27th of September.
Q. Did she pawn them in her own name? - She pawned them in the name of Evans.
Q. Did you take any thing else of her? - Nothing but these two sheets.
Mrs. Beston. I know one of these sheets was in the room.
Prisoner. The person that I lived with was to me as a mistress, I was learning her business of her; I never pledged these things, but on Friday before Michaelmas the woman gave me these two tickets, and desired I would keep them till she called on me for them.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 32.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
