





462. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of February
, four linen shirts, value 20s.
             the property of 
               
                  George 
                  Troup
               




            .


                  GEORGE
                   TROUP
               



             sworn. - I have apartments at Carlton-House, I attend the Prince's wardrobe; I missed the shirts on Saturday the 11th of February; I had not seen them perhaps for three weeks before; I learnt from Macmanus, about three weeks after I missed them, that they were pawned at three different pawnbrokers; I have seen the prisoner frequently coming backwards and forwards to the porter.


                  GEORGE
                   TURNER
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker in Panton-street, Hay-market, (produces two shirts); I took them in of the prisoner, on the 9th and 10th of February, in the name of 
               
                  George
                   Thomas
               



            ; I am certain of his person, I perfectly recollect him.


                  JAMES
                   CROCKFORD
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker,(produces a shirt); it was pledged with me, onthe 10th of February, by the prisoner, in the name of 
               
                  George
                   Thomas
               



            , which corresponds with the mark 
               
                  G.T. 
               


            upon it.
JOHN CORDY sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, (produces a shirt); I had it from the prisoner on the 10th of February; he pledged it in the name of 
               
                  George
                   Thomas
               



            , I know his person perfectly.
The shirts were deposed to by the prosecutor.


                  PATRICK
                   MACMANUS
               



             sworn. - I examined the prisoner's box, which he admitted to be his, and found these three duplicates, (producing them, which led to the discovery of the property.
Prisoner's defence. I bought the shirts of a Jew.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 17)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
