






331. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     HALL
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LACEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of February
, a silver watch, value 40s a metal watch key, value 1d. a linen waistcoat, value 1s. a cotton shawl, value 6d. a muslin shawl, value 2s. a a cotton pocket handkerchief, value 2d. two horn combs, value 1d. and ten guineas in money, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Barnard 
                           Peterson
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of Ann Hall
            .
BARNARD PETERSON sworn - I was boatswain
 on board the Trojan, from the Cape of Good Hope: I came through East-Smithfield


, past this woman's door, at past ten o'clock at night, very near eleven one Monday night in February; she asked me to go in and treat her, I gave her two shillings to get some rum; while she was gone for it, I pulled off my boot and dropped the ten guineas into my boot, and sat down by the side of the bed; she took the watch from me as I laid upon the side of the bed, and I asked her for it, and she said, don't be afraid, you shall have it again; I was half asleep, and I recollect seeing the woman meddle with the boots, and then I sell asleep, and laid down; she came to me a little while after, and waked me, and said, what do you do in my house, get along.
Q. How long had you been in the house? - A. I do not know; I was not there long, I was out by eleven o'clock; I asked her for the watch, and I looked in the boots, and missed my money, and she said, I am not the same woman that has got your watch and money, it is another woman that is gone out of the house, and then I said if you will give me my watch and money, I will go out of your house directly, and then this man came in, and said, d - n you, what do you do in my house, along with my wife, and he pushed me out of the house, and I had my boots in my hand at the same time, and I called the watchman; I never found my watch again.
Q. Had any other woman been in the room with you? - A. No, only this woman.
Q. Were you sober enough, upon your oath, to know that that was the woman, and that you saw her meddling with the boots, and that she had your watch in her hand? - A. Yes; I was not quite sober, but I was sober enough to know these people again.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. I believe this is a house of ill-same? - A. Yes.
Q. And this poor man was brought in, in the same way that you were? - A. She called him in, and he pushed me out of doors.
Q.Because she was to have kept company with him, and had come down to you, he told you to get along, and asked what you had to do with his wife? - A. Yes; he pushed me out.
Q. There were other girls in the house? - A. No, there were not.
Q. Were there not girls standing at the door, and taking in any body that went by? - A. Yes.


                  Q.
                   EDWARD SMITH
               



             sworn. - The prosecutor came to me on Tuesday morning, and informed me he had been robbed; I went down to the prisoner's lodgings, it is a house that is occupied only by girls of the town; she has only a room, I believe, in the house; I found the two prisoners sitting together, at breakfast; I found upon the prisoner, Lacey, these two combs, (producing them,) which the prosecutor said were his property, I found nothing upon her; I was going to search a box that was in the room, and the prisoner, Hall, said, in that box, you will find some of the prosecutor's property, but I did not put it there; I found in that box, two shawls, and an under waistcoat, (produces them;) I secured the prisoners, and took them to the office, and they were committed; I made every enquiry I could after the watch, but have not been able to find it.
Prosector. These combs are mine, they were in my pocket-book, and the other things were in my great coat.
Q.(To Smith.) You found these combs in his pocket? - A. Yes; he said he was tipsey overnight, and he did not know how they came in his pocket; he said he had been there all night with a girl.

Q. And the poor fellow's money was all gone? - A. Yes; I only found one penny upon him.
For Lacey.
Captain Cox sworn. - Examined by Mr. Alley. I am commander of the Woolwich brig, of ten guns, in his Majesty's service, Lacey was recommended to me about two years ago, as an extraordinary good character, and he has maintained that character ever since; he is a person I have reposed great consicence in, and never found him betray it; he left the ship the day before this happened.
Hall, GUILTY.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Lacey, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
