





546. 
               
                  
                     JACOB 
                     STONE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hopwood
                        




                     
                  , on the 28th of September
, about the hour of twelve in the night, with intent to steal the goods therein being, and burglariously stealing a large copper, value 20s. a cotton bed-gown, value 12d. a nankeen jacket, value 3s. a cotton frock, value 3s. a cotton apron, value 3s. a goose, value 7s. and a yard of calico, value 6d. the property of the said Thomas
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  THOMAS
                   HOPWOOD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I keep the White Horse public-house, Spital-street, Mile-end New Town




: On the 28th of September my house was broke open, I was the last person up that night; I went to bed a little after one in the morning; I examined every part of the house, and found it all safe; I rose a little after six in the morning, and found that the house had been broke open; the man that lives next door to me informed me it had been broke open; I got up immediately, and the first thing I observed was a copper gone, and the brick-work pulled down; I then opened the safe, and there was a goose gone, and all the cloaths were gone off the cloaths-horse; a nankeen jacket, a bed-gown, a cotton frock, a cotton apron, and a yard of calico, they were all in the same room; they got in by wrenching a bolt off the window-shutter, and they broke off the shutter that opens into the skittle-ground; they had got into the back part of the house, and they got out again by unbolting the back-door; upon that I went to Harper, and gave information of what had happened; in consequence of that the prisoner was apprehended; I had a suspicion of the prisoner at the bar; I was present when he was apprehended; I went with Harper to the prisoner's house, the second door from the church-wall, of Bethnal-Green: when I came there I found 
               
                  Mary
                   Tapp
               



             cutting sage and onion for the goose; the prisoner was not there at the time; Harper found the copper there, and all the linen that was lost; they were at the top of the house, upon the garret-stairs, inside the copper; Mr. Harper said it was not safe for us to stay there, he directed me to go for Armstrong; I returned with Armstrong and Mason in about twenty minutes, and found Tapp there; we waited there about four hours and a half, till the prisoner came home, about half past two, and he was taken into custody by Harper; the prisoner asked him what he wanted with him; Harper asked him if he knew any thing of that copper; he said, no; then he was taken into custody. I knew the things again when I saw them.


                  SARAH
                   HOPWOOD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am the wife of the last witness; the prisoner and two more came into our house abouttwo or three days before the robbery; they had three pots of beer.
Q. Can you speak to the linen, when it is produced? - A. Yes.


                  SAMUEL
                   HARPER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I went to the house of the prisoner on Michaelmas-day; I went with the prosecutor into Stone's room; I had known him many years; 
               
                  Mary
                   Tapp
               



             was cutting sage and onion, and the gizzard of a goose was lying by her; I went up the garret-stairs, and there was the copper, with all the other things almost, inside the copper; I took possession of them, and brought them down into the room, and then Mason took them, and has had them ever since; they were never out of my possession till they were delivered to Mason. Mason and Armstrong came in about twenty minutes or half an hour after me. Stone came home, I dare say, three hours after; he came up stairs, and was secured; Armstrong dragged him into the room, and we secured him; he asked what he had done, and I told him it was for stealing those things before his face; he said he knew nothing about it; there were two waistcoats and a shirt hanging by the fire, and a pair of shoes, which he owned, and put the shoes on before our face; he was very wet; we took him to the watch-house.
Court. Q. How far is the prisoner's lodgings from where the robbery was committed? - A. Near upon half a mile, I believe.
JOHN ARMSTRONG sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am an officer belonging to Worship-street; I went to the prisoner's house; I heard him say, these are my things; he owned them in the room, and put on his things.
Q. Did he say that was his lodging? - A. I did not hear him say so; he said they were his things.


                  PETER
                   MASON
               



             sworn. - I went to the prisoner's lodgings; (produces the property;) I received them at the prisoner's lodgings; he was taken to the watch-house, and Tapp was afterwards taken to the watch-house; they were put in separate cages, but there was only a partition of an inch thick parted them; I was in the watch-house, nearer to them than I am to you; Stone said, it was a very unlucky thing, and he could not think who could tell them where he lodged; he then asked her what time the officers came; she said, about an hour after he was gone out; he said, what trouble he had brought her into; and asked her if Jack Moore was taken; she told him, no; he said, then don't bring him into it, for I am sure of being found guilty; she said, she must tell them about Moore, for she had already told them about that, and she must keep in the same story; he desired her to say that the work in the loom was his work; she said, she could not, for she had already told the officer it was her own work; and then he said, she might tell what story she pleased; and they then consulted what story they should tell; he desired her to say that he was in bed with her when Moore brought the copper up; he desired her to say, that when Moore knocked at the door, with the copper, she got up, and let him in; and that he being asleep, did not know any thing about it.


                  MARY
                   TAPP
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I have known the prisoner five or six years; I lived with him last Michaelmas, and about a month before, in Bethnal-green Road.
Q. What time did he come home that morning? - A. Between twelve and one; he went out again in a few minutes, and returned in about an hour and a half, about half past two.
Q. Was it light or dark then? - A. Dark; he came up stairs, and Moore followed him; Moore had the copper and the linen; he had nothing with him; he came up stairs first; I was in bed; they put the copper and the things into my room, and they continued there till morning, when Moore put them upon the garret-stairs.
Q. What time the next morning did they go out? - A. Not till four o'clock in the afternoon; the officers came on the Sunday in the morning, about half past nine; the prisoner and Moore were neither of them there. I did not go up stairs with the officers, but I saw them bring the things down; there was in the copper, a nankeen waistcoat, a child's frock, a cotton bed-gown, and a piece of calico, like a breakfast-cloth; when the prisoner came home he was secured and taken to the watch-house; I was afterwards taken to the watch-house and put into a separate cage; he said he was very sorry for the situation he had brought me to; he asked where Moore was; I said, he ought to be taken as well as he; he said, no, never mind, don't say any thing about Moore: he said he was sure of suffering himself.(The property was deposed to by Mrs. Hopwood.)
Prisoner. (To Tapp.) Q. Did I ever rent that room? - A. I rented it, at his desire; and he always gave me the money to pay the rent.
Prisoner. She has got two lawful husbands now living.
Court. Q. Are you a married woman? - A. Yes; my husband is at sea.
GUILTY (Aged 32.)




               Of stealing the goods; but not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
