





316. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ALLEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 23d of June
, a watch, inside base metal, outside tortoiseshell case, value 50 s. a steel chain, value 2 s. two stone seals, set in base metal, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Rowntree
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN
                   ROWNTREE
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 3, Great York-street, Swan-yard, Shoreditch


; I have a house there. Iam a copper-plate printer, and keep a chandler and cook's-shop
. On the 23d of June I lost a watch out of the back-room adjoining to the shop. A gentleman was there at dinner and the prisoner; I had some victuals in the same room where the watch was. About two minutes after the prisoner went out, I missed the watch; I pursued the lad and got sight of him; he ran when he saw me, and he took down a passage; I saw his hand move, and I took him; he denied having the watch, and then said there is something there, and the watch lay behind a shutter.
(The watch deposed to)
It cost three guineas and an half when new; I have had it some time; the chain and seals cost 6 s. 6 d. The prisoner was secured.


                  WILLIAM
                   MARTIN
               



             sworn.
I was in this room at dinner. I saw the watch behind me when I went into the shop, and it was 18 minutes after twelve. The prisoner came out; the watch was missed, and the prisoner pursued; he went down a passage, and I saw him throw the watch behind a shutter, and shew Mr. Rowntree where the watch was.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
One day I was in great distress, and a gentleman came up and gave me 3 d. and I went into the shop: the gentleman was ringing the bell for coals. I was in great distress, out of place, and it was necessity made me take it; it is the first error I ever was guilty of, and I hope you will have a little mercy. I have no friend in the world but my mother; she lives at No. 52, in Skinner's-street; she knows I am in goal.




               GUILTY, Stealing, 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
