





7. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     PACKFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of October
, a leather pocket-book, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Young
                  




               
            .


                  DAVID
                   YOUNG
               



             sworn. - I am a ship-chandler
: On Saturday the 7th of October, about half past one o'clock at noon, I had my pocket picked by the prisoner and another, in Ball-alley, leading from George-yard, Lombard-street


, which is a narrow passage; I found a man on each side of me with their hand in each pocket; the prisoner had my pocket-book, and gave it to the other; I saw it in the prisoner's hand; they ran away, and I caught the prisoner myself in three minutes, I never lost sight of him, I called out, thief; it was a red pocket book, worth about 5s. 6d.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. This was a passage leading into George-yard? - A. Yes.
Q. It is pretty dark there? - A. It is very dark.
Q. You never saw the prisoner before that day? - A. No.
Q. And you were a little alarmed, were not you? - A. No; I have gone through there five hundred times, and never was alarmed.
Q. Is not this passage so narrow that it is impossible for two or three men to pass without rubbing one against the other? - A. Yes; that is the reason why I discovered my pocket-book was gone.
Q. Will you swear that that man had his hands in your pocket? - A. I have sworn it.
Q. Did not you lay hold of his hand then? - A. I would if I could, but he was too quick for me.
Q. Was he searched afterwards? - A. Yes; before the Lord-Mayor, at the Mansion-house.
Q. And yet, though you knew the other man had the pocket-book, you suffered him to go away? - A. The pocket-book was brought to me.
Q. And you charged the man that brought you the pocket-b with being the man that took it? - A. No, I not; it was brought to me at the Jamaica coffee-house; there were a great many conjectures about it, how I should come by it again so suddenly.
Q. Was this a wet or a dry day? - A. It was a very dirty day.
Q. Your pocket-book was quite in the same state in which you lost it? - A. Yes.


                  THOMAS
                   WARD
               



             sworn. - I am a constable(produces the pocket-book): I had it, I believe, from captain Young, the last witness; it was given me in the coffee-house.
Q. Did you see the man in the coffee-house that brought it there? - A. Yes.
Q. Is he here to day? - A. Yes, he is.


                  JOHN
                   HORTON
               



             sworn. - I am a manufacturer of perfumery, servant to Mr. Johnson, in Ball-alley, Lombard-street: I am the person that found that pocket-book, which, I believe, to the best of my knowledge is the same pocket-book; I found it under the covered way in Ball-alley, about three steps from the door of the academy; it was between one and two o'clock, I was going out to my dinner, when I found it; a gentleman saw me pick it up; and I carried it to the Jamaica coffee-house, and delivered it to Mr. Young.
Mr. Alley. Q. You found it in the covered way? - A. Yes.
Q. Then it was pretty clear it could not have been given to any person, and carried away? - A. I know nothing how it came there.
Q. Did not he charge you with stealing it in the coffee-house? - A. No; when I took it in, the gentleman that saw me find it, said, here is the person who has found it; he said, I do not know how he should find it, for it has never been upon the ground.
Q. And you swear you did find it in Ball-alley? - A. Yes.
Court. (To Young). Q. Look at that pocket-book? - A. It is mine, it has my name in it, wrote by my clerk the day after I bought it.
Prisoner's defence. I am innocent of the fact.
The prisoner called eight witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 22).
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


