





332. 
               
                  
                     ELIAS 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Daniel 
                        Thomas
                     




                  , no person being therein, between the hours of eleven and twelve in the forenoon, of the 25th of April
, and stealing a nankeen waistcoat, value 2s. a pair of nankeen breeches, value 1s 6d. a pair of flannel drawers, value 6d. a pair of cotton stockings, value 2s. and a line shirt, value 6d.
             the property of the said Daniel.


                  DANIEL
                   THOMAS
               



             sworn - I am a smith
, I keep a house in Whitechapel


: I was at work at the time of the robbery, I went out at half past five in the morning, and left in the house, my housekeeper, 
               
                  Ann
                   Richman
               



            ; I came to breakfast between eight and nine; after breakfast I went out again, when I came home to dinner, between twelve and one, I found my house was broke open, there is but one room on a floor; there was a hule made by the side of the door, through some lath and plaister; I lost a pair of breeches, a nankeen waistcoat. and drawers, a shirt, and a pair of stockings.
Q. What may be the value of those all together? - A. About five or six shillings.
Q. Did you leave your house-keeper in the house when you went out after breakfast? - A. Yes; I saw my things at the Justice's, the same day I was sent for by the headborough.


                  ANN
                   RICHMAN
               



             sworn - I am house-keeper to the last witness; on Tuesday last, I went out about half past eleven o'clock, with a young child; I left Mrs. Ford in the house, I came back again about a quarter before twelve; I saw the prisoner come out of a hole at the side of the door, with a shirt in his hand, Mrs. Ford cried out, that it was her son's shirt, and he threw it down, and immediately made off, and I after him; he was stopped by Mary Sheepy, about twenty minutes after; I kept him in sight all the time; I saw the things about half an hour after he was taken, a man gave me some of them, but I cannot recollect who it was in my fright; I fetched the rest of the things from the White-Raven, Mr. Peacock's, he is not here.
- FLAMSTONE sworn - I am a constable; these things were given to me by one of the women, but I cannot say which, I had part of them from 
               
                  Ann
                   Richman
               



            , I have kept them ever since.


                  SARAH
                   FORD
               



             sworn - The prosecutor is my son; I saw the prisoner come out of the hole at the side of the door, with the shirt in his hand; I had just before locked the door, and given her the key, I left nobody in the house; I said, that is my son's shirt, and he immediately threw it away, and I went and picked it up; this is the shirt, I know it to be my son's.
MARY SHEEPY sworn - I heard the cry of stop thief; I live opposite the prosecutor's; I instantly ran out of doors, and saw Mrs. Richman running after this man; I run after him too, till I came to a place called Gun-street, Whitechapel; I saw the man go through there, he dropped some of the things, I desired Mrs. Richman to pick them up, and told her, I would follow him till he dropped the rest; I followed him to almost Stepney-fields, and then somebody stopped him, I cannot tell who it was, he threw the rest of the things over the pales, and he was secured.
Prisoner. Q. Where was it that you saw me about your premises? - A. Coming out of the hole at the side of the door.
Prisoner's defence. I get my livelihood by buying and selling old things; as I came past this street, I heard a cry of stop thief, and saw a great many people running, I run with them, and they laid hold of me.
GUILTY (Aged 33.)
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven year
            s.
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice BULLER.
