





470. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     NICHOLLS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of April
 last, four hundred and sixty-eight copper halfpence, value 19 s. 6 d. and nine hundred and thirty nine copper farthings, value 19 s. 6 d.
             the monies of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Dawson
               




            .


                  EDWARD
                   DAWSON
               



             sworn.
I live in St. John's-street


: I keep a public-house
.I lost, on the 29th of April, halfpence and farthings to the amount of one pound nineteen shillings and three farthings; they were in a half peck measure, in a room behind the bar: they were counted at the sessions-house at Clerkenwell-green: between one and two, or near two, the prisoner came into the house, and called for a pint of beer; he staid some time; he had done a job of work for me a few days before: and my wife thought he was hardly well enough paid; and she gave him a plate of victuals; he drank his beer, and went out, and returned again, and had another pint of beer: I found the halfpence in a corner of a room some distance from his stall, among some dirty things; the prisoner was present.


                  ELIZABETH
                   DAWSON
               



             sworn.
I caught the prisoner in the kitchen, and nobody else; that was the second time he came in; I went up stairs, and he was alone; when I came down, I went to the bar, and soon missed my property; the halfpence were gone, and the farthings; I saw them half an hour before; I desired them to pursue the prisoner, as nobody else was in the house; he had a cobler's stall four doors off; he was taken; I saw him and the money at the justice's; I picked out one halfpenny which I had taken half an hour before, and swore to it; I do not know how much was in the measure.
Court. How long after you left the prisoner alone in the room by himself, did you discover the halfpence? - About three quarters of an hour.
- SANDERS sworn.
I am a constable: I found the halfpence in a room in Sutton-street, No. 3, one pair of stairs; the prisoner was present; these are the halfpence and farthings; we did not find the measure; I was at the justice's; and Mrs. Dawson swore to one halfpenny.
(The halfpenny deposed to.)
Mrs. Dawson. I described it; it was a plain yellowish Birmingham halfpenny.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I knew nothing at all about it, till I was taken into custody.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
