





482. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GILBERT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of May
, a bill of Exchange value 12l. another bill of Exchange value 24l. 13s. 7d. another bill of Exchange value 40l. another bill of Exchange value 161. another bill of Exchange value 10l. a promissory note value 20l. another bill of Exchange value 726l. 3s. another value 50l. another value 10l. 8s. another value 22l. 16s. another value 111l. 12s. 2d. a promissory note for 1081. another bill of Exchange value 29l. 4s. and another bill of Exchange value 26l. 14s. 11d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Tobias 
                     Atkinson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Robson
                  



               
            .
(The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoner.
The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.


                  JOHN
                   WITHERS
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I have been clerk to Messrs. Atkinson and Robson, Notary Publics

 at the Royal Exchange


, fifteen years; the firm of the house is 
               
                  Tobias
                   Atkinson
               



             and 
               
                  Robert
                   Robson
               



            ; the prisoner had been in their service as a clerk
 about six weeks before this happened: On the 14th of May, the Saturday before the absconded, I delivered him fourteen bills and notes, which I have a copy of taken from our books, they are the same that are set forth in the indictment; when I delivered them to him, I said, Gilbert, present these bills, take no money, but get the best answer you can about them and let us have them on Monday morning; it is the invariable custom to present the bills but not to receive money on them.
Q. Be so good as look at that bill, and see if that is one of the bills you delivered to him? - A. It is; I did not see him again till he was in custody about a month after.
Q. Did he ever bring the bills to account to your office? - A. No.
Q. What were the amount of the whole? - A. About 1200l. they have none of them been recovered from that time to this.
Q. Do you know the prisoner's hand-writing? - A. Perfectly well; I have had many opportunities of seeing him write.
Q. Look at the receipt the back of that note, is that his hand-writing? - A. It is.
Q. Look at that letter, and the promissory note annexed to it, do you believe that to be his handwriting? - A. Yes.
Q. Now look at that, (shewing him another letter?) - A. This is his hand-writing.
Q. Do you know when that letter was received? - A. The Monday morning about eleven o'clock.
Court. Q. Did he send any money with it? - A. No money whatever; he enclosed a promissory note for the three bills he had received.
Q. I understand it was contrary to his orders, he had no authority to receive money for any bills? - A. Yes.
Q. If it is tendered, is not he bound to receive it? - A. He is not.
Q. If it is tendered, do you never receive it? - A. Never; I would make an observation when I said never; young men, when they first come intothe office, not knowing the business, may have received money.
Q. The general rule of the business is the contrary? - A. Yes.
Q. None of these bills to your knowledge have been forth coming? - A. None of them.
Q. Your masters, as Notary Publics, are bound to make good these bills? - A. They are.
Q. About what time were the two letters received? - A. I cannot say; it might be a week, or it might be a fortnight; I cannot charge my recollection.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q. You are a fellow clerk in the same office? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you mean to tell us, that having been fifteen years in the office it is not the custom to receive the money? - A. Yes.
Q. Are they not put into your hands to obtain payment? - A. It is generally supposed so; but the particular reason is, to know the reason of its not having been paid.
Q. Then the whole use of a Notary Public is to obtain a sum for presenting them? - A. A Young man may take the money if he is intimidated.
Q. Have you never received bills that you have offered? - A. I cannot charge my memory whether I have or not; it is so long since I have carried out bills.
Q. Have you often done it? - A. I have not often done it.
Q. Have you received money on bills? - A. It is probable I may; I don't know that I ever did.
Mr. Knowlys. By intimidated you mean they offer to pay the bill, and refuse to pay the fee? - A. That may be the case.
Court. Q. There are eleven bills, of which he gives no account? - A. There are.
Mr. Ally. Q. You speak to this bill that has been produced, and undertake to say it is one of the bills you gave him; had you received them the same day? - A. There are two; I undertake to speak to both.
Q. Can you venture to speak to these bills from recollection? - A. No; from seeing the bills themselves, and some marks upon them.
Q. Do you undertake to swear these bills went through your hands, and you gave them to the prisoner? - A. Yes; I can speak to them from the bills themselves, as well as from the books.
Q. Can you swear from your recollection alone without the books? - A. I can from seeing the bills; I could not without; there is the private mark of our book on the bills.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. You have copies of all the bills mentioned in the indictment? - A. I have them in my pocket.
Q. See whether the mark of the book is on that bill? - A. It is. (The first letter read.)
Messrs. Atkinson and Robson, 16th of May.
Sir,
I have been swindled out of the bills on the West-walk, Saturday last; I received the following bills, 20l. 2s. 6d. on noting on Watts and Gibbs; 12l. 12s. on J. Collings; and 10l. 10s. 6d. on Mr. Lukyn. I beg you will not distress my mother by enquires after me, for the is in too much trouble already from my bad conduct.
"Your obliged humble servant, J. Gilbert."
The enclosed is a promissory note for the notes I have received, which, when in my power, I will make up, and you must act as your own good sense will lead you.(The other letter from the prisoner, in consequence of his having been advertised, read).
"Sir,
"Advertisement is not the method to recover the bills, and puts me to perpetual shame; I never attempted, or intended to negociate them; you can have no idea of the state of my mind, verging on despair; but I am determined, if I am taken, which is very improbable, not to give up the bills which I have obtained by a stratagem from those who defrauded me of them; there is but one mode to obtain them, upon the following terms: pay to 
               
                  William
                   Wakely
               



            , Paradise-row, 401. - 201. of which to be paid to discharge a debt due by me for lodging, &c. and the remaining 201. to be by him deposited in the hands of my mother, Ann Gilbert, No. 23, Pitfield-street, Hoxton, for my use, as I am destitute of money and cloaths; on your complying with this, and inserting an advertisement in the Morning Advertiser, the bills will be returned. This is my determination, the remainder I leave to fate."(Then follows the form of the advertisement they were to insert in the Morning Advertiser).


                  TOBIAS
                   ATKINSON
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a Notary Public, in partnership with Mr. Robson; the prisoner was one of our clerks.
Q. What is the custom of your business respecting notes? - A. The first instruction is, you are to bring this bill, or note, back, and take no consideration for it, but bring it back as you receive it; that is invariably the rule, else I would not continue in the profession; we return them the next morning.
Q. Whether you are answerable for the loss of any bills entrusted to you? - A. I am.(Shewing him a Bill of Exchange for 10l. 8s.)
Q. Have you made good that bill to the owner? - A. I have, and two others.
Q. To what amount are those bills now withheld by the prisoner? - A. Very near eleven hundred pounds.

Q. Can you recollect at what time you received the two letters? - A. One, the Friday morning after he absconded; the first letter was directed to the firm, and left at the office; the second was directed to me, privately, and sent to my house.
Q. Then you are liable at present to account for near 9001.? - A. I cannot say that; some were accommodation paper, others are demanded, and I am threatened with actions at this moment.
Q. When was the advertisement inserted? - A. The Thursday following.
Q. Did you advertise him again? - A. The first advertisement was for obtaining the property.
Court. Q. Was he your servant living in your house? - A. No; my clerks board themselves.
Q. He came to your house every day? - A. He absented himself once; he was there the day before, and the Thursday.
Q. Is that the advertisement (shewing it him) you caused to be inserted? - A. I penned this advertisement myself, it was inserted the day before I received the letter from him; it is an advertisement reciting some of the bills mentioned in the indictment. (It is read) "Thursday the 19th of May 1796; twenty pounds reward; whereas 
               
                  John
                   Gilbert
               



            , otherwise Gibson, late a clerk in the City of London, was entrusted with the under-mentioned bills, with which he has absconded, viz.(describing them) the public are cautioned not to take any of the above bills in payment."
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q. Is it not usual for you to have security from the friends of your clerks? - A. No.
Q. You would not continue in the profession if this usage do not take place? - A. I have a right to the 2s. 6d. (The receipt read.) "Received for Atkinson and Robson. J. Gilbert."


                  JOHN
                   HAYWOOD SPENSLEY
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You are a brother clerk of this young man? - A. I was; I met with him on the 27th of June, and apprehended him; I asked him where the bills were; he said, what bills; I told him, the bills he ran away with; he said, what was that to me; a scuffle ensued, a constable came up, and he was apprehended; he told the people it was a debt, and I had no business with him, and the people took his part; I sent a clerk who was with me, to the office, and before he returned, a constable came up, and we secured him.(Mr. Ally objected, on the part of the prisoner, that this was a mere breach of trust, and not a felony; but the objection was over-ruled by the Court).
Prisoner. (To Withers.) On Saturday the 14th of May, did not you receive a bill from 
               
                  Thomas
                   Dresdale
               



            , the publican, the very same day you gave me these bills? - A. Yes, most clearly.
Q. And you received that money, and gave a receipt for it in the name of your employers? - A. Yes.
Q. And you are a fellow clerk of mine? - A. Yes.
Q. And you had no warrant of attorney for that purpose? - A. No.
Q. Then why might not I have received it as well as you, you being a fellow clerk -
Court. Q. How came you to receive that? - A. It was from a publican in Bond-street. For the accommodation of both parties the bills were left at our office; we sent them out in the evening to the Notaries, and the same direction as with other bills not to receive them at that time.
Court. Q. Was that single bill received by you, under specific directions respecting that bill alone, or are all bills received in the same way at your house? - A. When they go out of the office for the purpose; this bill was never out of the office.
Court. Q This bill was left for the purpose of your receiving it? - A. Yes.
Prisoner. Q. Have you never received any other bills? - A. Yes.
Prisoner. Q. And have not other clerks received other bills? - A. During the length of my clerkship I may have received bills when I have been sent out for them.
Court. Q. Bills sent for the purpose of being received? - A. They were not sent for the purpose of being received.
Court. Q. One or two you may have received? - A. Yes.
Court. But the directions you gave with them were the contrary? - A. Yes.
Prisoner. I conceive I had as much right to receive a bill as Withers my fellow clerk; when I received these bills, the money was presented to me; one bill, a taylor, Collins, took the bill from me forcibly; I told him I had no orders to receive it; he told me, whether I had or not he would take it; and I was obliged to go about other business, and I thought I might receive others as well as that, It was not that I intended to convert it to my own use, but it was a temptation subsequent to that. I chearfully submit to my sate whatever it may be; or I shall be very willing to serve his Majesty abroad.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
