







516. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WILBRAHAM
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BRADBURY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of August
, two silver table-spoons, value 21s. four silver tea-spoons, value 6s. a silver cruet-top, value 12d. and a glass cruet, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Holmes
                  



               
            .
Second count. Laying them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     South
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN
                   SOUTH
               



             sworn. - I live servant
 with Mrs. 
               
                  Ann
                   Holmes
               



            , in Lower-street, Islington, she keeps a private mad-house
; I was in lodgings with a gentleman who was out of his mind, at Mrs. Cooper's, No. 1, Pleasant-row, Islington


: On the 6th of August, about half past two in the afternoon, I was in the front parlour, and these spoons were in the back parlour cupboard, they were Mrs. Holmes's spoons, under my care, if I had lost them, I must have had to make them good; Mrs. Cooper was going into the back kitchen, and saw a man go out at the window; I went out into the field, and saw the three prisoners walking all three together, and when they saw me, they all three set off running together, and one of them threw the table-spoons away out of his pocket, and ran about twenty or thirty yards further; and another of them threw the tea spoons out of his pocket, but which of them I cannot say; I left them in the ditch till after they were brought back; they were stopped by one Mr. Allen, I was close to them. From the robbing of me and the apprehending of them was not above ten minutes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley, for Collins. Q. At what distance did you first observe any of the persons you suspected to be prisoners at the bar? - A. About one hundred yards from the house.
Court. Q. That was in the field? - A. Yes.
Q. What part of the house had you been in? - A. The front parlour.
Q. And therefore could not observe any thing that was done in the back parlour? - A. No.
Q. Where was it they were apprehended? - A. Going up into Islington, about a quarter of a mile from Mr. Cooper's.
Q. You observed that one or other of them threw these things away, you did not see who threw them away? - A. No; I saw one of the three prisoners throw them away, but I cannot say which.
Q. Is Mrs. Holmes a married woman, or a widow? - A. No. a widow woman.


                  ELIZABETH
                   COOPER
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Cooper
               



            , my husband lives at No. 1, Pleasant-row, he is a carpenter: On the 6th of August, I saw one of these prisoners jump out at the back parlour window, but I cannot say which of them; they all three hustled up together, and ran away; I am sure it was one of the three. I alarmed Mr. South, and desired him to go out after them, hejumped out at the same window, and pursued after them immediately.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. What part of the house were you in? - A. In the back kitchen, under the back parlour. I heard one of them say, make haste.
Q. What were you doing? - A. I was going to clean a pair of candlesticks.


                  WILLIAM
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn. - I was at work by the side of the New River, I heard Mr. South call out, stop thief, I saw the three lads running down towards me, where I was at work, as hard as they could run; I heard one of them say, "scale'em, scale 'em,
"I cannot say which of them it was. That lad in the middle, 
               
                  Charles
                   Bradbury
               



            , said, come along, d-n your eyes, I have got the knife, holding a large clapse knife in his hand, with a long handle; then I saw one of them throw something out of his hand into the ditch, I cannot tell which of them it was, they were all three so close together; and then I pursued after them; then we took them all three; there was Mr. Ion, at the Livery-stables, and his ostler and two or three other people assisted. I went to the ditch, and there I found a vinegar-cruet with a silver top, and four tea-spoons; Mr. south took them out.


                  THOMAS
                   SWAINE
               



             sworn. - I am a butcher: I assisted in the pursuit, and in taking the prisoners. As we were going back with the prisoners, I saw four tea-spoons and a vinegar-cruet lying in the field. they were all three taken within thirty or forty yards of each other.


                  GEORGE
                   BARKWITH
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, at Islington: I was sent for, on Monday, the 6th of August, to Mr. Cooper's; I had this property from Mr. South. (Produces it).
South. I can swear to these spoons as Mrs. Holmes's property; there is an H upon them. I marked them all with a file after I picked them up.
Q. Is there any thing you know them by besides the cypher? - A. No.
Mr. Alley. Q. I take it, Mrs. Holmes has other lodgers in her house besides you? - A. Yes.
Q. I take it, every lodger in her house has the use of her silver spoons as well as you? - A. Yes.
Q. Had they been put in the cupboard after they were sound in the ditch, before you gave them to the constable? - A. Yes, I put them in the cupboard myself.
Q. When did you give them to the constable? - A. To-day.
Court. Q. But did you mark them before you put them into the cupboard? - A. Yes.
Wilbrabam's defence. Being Monday afternoon, I left work soon, and went to take a walk in the fields; I saw a parcel of people running, and they laid hold of me.
Bradbury's defence. I was going to bathe in the New River; I had a piece of bread and meat eating in my hand at the time, and they came and laid hold of me.
Collins's defence. I was going of an errand towards the New River, and they laid hold of me.
The prisoner Wilbraham called one, Bradbury three, and Collins four Witnesses, who gave them a good character.
Wilbraham, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 18.)
Bradbury, GUILTY. (Aged 19.)
Collins, GUILTY. (Aged 18.)






               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before
Mr. Justice ROOKE.
