





454. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of June
, four silver table spoons, value 24s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Smith
                        



                     
                  ; two linen sheets, value 1l. a damask table cloth, value 1l. two waistcoats, value 1l. two pair of leather boots, value 1l. 10s. three woollen cloth coats, value 1l. 5s. a pair of leather breeches, value 10s. two pair of kerseymere breeches, value 10s. a man's hat, value 5s. and a muslin handkerchief, value 3s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Fletcher
                        



                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   FLETCHER
               



             sworn.
I live in Russel-place


, I am an attorney
: On Saturday the 11th of this month I went out of town, and left the prisoner at the bar with other servants in care of the house; he was my servant
, he had been with me about three weeks; I returned home on Monday morning about eleven o'clock, the prisoner was gone, and I missed the several articles mentioned in the indictment; the prisoner borrowed the table spoons of Mr. Smith, in my name; on theTuesday morning, I found him at Bow-street; I understood he had been taken by a clerk of mine, 
               
                  John
                   Andrews
               



            , the property is in the custody of an officer.


                  JOHN
                   LUPWORTH ANDREWS
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to Mr. Fletcher: Some time in the week preceding Sunday the 12th of June, I carried some of my things to the servant to wash. On the Monday morning they were gone, and the prisoner was gone; I went after him in order to recover my property; there was a person with the prisoner on the Sunday of the name of Webber, who had accidentally left his direction where he lodged, at No. 5, Derby-court, Piccadilly; upon that I concluded it was likely the prisoner would be there; I went after him, and when I got there and enquired where Webber lived, I suppose he had seen me, but he ran out of the court; I ran about two or three turnings after him, and took him in a stable-yard, I did not notice the street particularly; when I took him there was a person of the name of Limerick coming along, who went with him to Bow-street; he had two table spoons and some duplicates found upon him; Limerick belonged to the office.


                  RICHARD
                   LIMERICK
               



             sworn.
I searched the prisoner, and found two silver spoons, and a quantity of duplicates; this hat on his head, and this cravat on his neck, I gave Mr. Fletcher the duplicates.
Mr. Fletcher. I believe the hat is mine, there is no mark upon it; I lost such a one; I selected from the duplicates such as I thought were my property; I delivered them to Andrews, and desired him to go to the pawnbrokers and order them to appear at Bow-street.
Andrews. I went to Messrs. Patmore and Berry, pawnbrokers on Ludgate-hill, with the duplicates; I think there were two or three; I delivered the duplicates to their shopmen, and they produced the articles at Bow-street.


                  ROBERT
                   SIMSON
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I live with Messrs. Patmore and Berry, (producing a coat, waistcoat, breeches, and boots,) I took in the boots on the 4th of June, and the waistcoat on the 30th of May; the coat and breeches were pledged at our house, but were not taken in by me.
Mr. Fletcher. I cannot take upon me to swear to either of these articles.


                  JOHN
                   SAYER
               



             sworn.
I am an officer of Bow-street; I was present at the prisoner's second examination; he made the confession to the officer, not in writing; in consequence of being asked what were done with the other property belonging to his master, he stated, that he left it at an iron shop in Gay's-court; I went with the prisoner in a coach, and left him in the coach while I went to the iron shop, and I went up stairs to a box, which I had the key of, and found these articles; but it was in consequence of the prisoner stating where he had left them, (produces them); he did not deny it, but begged he might be permitted to go for a soldier.
Mr. Fietcher. Here is a buff waistcoat I can swear to, a blue coat, and a pair of kerseymere breeches; the table-cloth I cannot swear to.


                  WILLIAM
                   THOMPSON
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, (produces a waistcoat); I took it in of the prisoner on the 6th of June.
Prosecutor. I cannot swear to this.


                  WILLIAM
                   CLARIDGE
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Smith; the prisoner came to my master's house, and borrowed four table-spoons in his master's name.
Prisoner's defence. A man came to see me several times while I was at Mr. Fletcher's, and he persuaded me to come away, for his place would never suit me, and that he would never pay me; and he said, he would have me take some of his property and come away, which I did. I intended to have sent the things back again.
GUILTY. (Aged 18.)




               Of stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Justice BULLER.
