





189. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  WILMOT
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of February
, two guineas
            , the monies of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Butler
               




            .


                  THOMAS
                   BUTLER
               



             sworn.
Q. What have you to say against the prisoner at the bar? - I have to say as far as this; one night, the 19th of February, going down the Hay-market


, about ten o'clock; I happened to be going to a place in the course of day or two after, as a servant
, and had been to see my friends, and I don't know but I might be a little in liquor; and I met with this woman at the bar, I had a little conversation with her, and she gave me encouragement of coming with her to her private lodgings, in James's-street, to which through persuasion I went; and there was a black girl with us, who is a witness; they took me into a private room, which I paid money for the room, which was one shilling, I paid the money, and the girl I gave her half a crown; I believe I had some connection with the prisoner at the bar, being a little in liquor, and I had a little purse in my waistcoat pocket, and when I went to give her the half crown out, I had two guineas in it, and I don't know whetherI had any silver or not, that I will take my oath was in my pocket then; then I asked her if they would give me something to drink, and they took me to a public house adjoining; where the person was obliged to change the half crown to pay for the liquor; it was a particular piece of money, which my name was on it, and I wished to have the half crown again, and I offered to change the half crown, as my name was on it, and the prisoner at the bar said, that did not argusy, you shall not and I took out my purse from my waistcoat pocket, and I found one end of the purse open, and all the money gone out; and I was in no other company than this here woman, and that black girl.
Q. How do you know that the money was in your purse before? - I know it by having it in my hand, and when I gave out the half crown. And I gave charge of them, and they were taken to the watch-house, and they were there all night.


                  MARY
                   HOLLWELL
               



             sworn.
I believe it was Thursday night, this gentleman was going down the Hay-market, and the prisoner picked him up and took him into a house in James's street; and he went along with her, and gave her half a crown, he gave her the half crown to have connection, and she did not lay on the sopha, she sat across him some how, and the mean while she picked the purse out of this man's pocket, and took the two guineas out, and wanted to give them into my hand, and I would not take them, I thought it was a sin to take it from him, and he had made a bargain with her that he was to have some drink out of the half crown; and when he came to the public house, he wanted to change the half crown, and he put his hand into his pocket to take out his money to change it, and he missed his two guineas, and a man advised her to give the man back his two guineas, and she said, d-mn his eyes and limbs, she would swallow it before he should have his money again, and she put it in her mouth and swallowed it, I see her, and told them so in the watch-house.
Prisoner. I would wish to ask her whether the gentleman did not give her the two guineas between the half crown piece and the shilling? - No, no such thing, I see her pick it out, and it was out of the man's right hand pocket that she took it, and she wanted me to have it, and I put it back, and gave her the money into her hand again; and she said, you black b-tch, say nothing, you shall not come to any harm; says I, you know you have got the money in your guts, give it the man; and she said he should not have the money any more.
Q. To Prosecutor. Did you hear Mary Hollwell say that she saw the prisoner take the money out of your pocket? - Yes, I heard her say so at the watch-house.


                  WILLIAM
                   SILLER
               



             sworn.
Q. You are a watchman. On the the 19th of February, at a quarter past eleven, I was coming along from my watch box, and I saw this man and two women together, and he accused them of robbing him of two guineas; says I, will you give charge of the two women, and have them taken to the watch-house, and have them searched? with that the man says that he would wish to go back to me house with them; they went back, and I waited at the door, and presently I was called to have the charge of them, to take them to the watch-house; in going to the watch-house, the black woman says to the prisoner, you had better give the man the two guineas; and in going tosearch her at the watch-house, she said that the woman has got the two guineas and has swallowed them.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. justice ROOKE.
