





205. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HYAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               receiving, on the 18th of November
 last, one watch, value 20 s. one silk watch ribbon, value 1 d. one steel seal, value 6 d. one key, value 1 d. which had been feloniously stolen by 
                     
                        Ann
                         Guest
                     



                  , Ann Yardley, and 
                     
                        Susanna
                         Brown
                     



                  , well knowing the same to have been stolen
            .
The record of the conviction of Ann Guest, 
               
                  Ann
                   Yardley
               



            , and 
               
                  Susanna
                   Brown
               



            , read.


                     JOHN 
                     FOGG
                  




               
             sworn.
I was robbed the 18th of November, 1789, at the end of Widegate-street, about eleven at night, of a watch and six shillings and six-pence; these three women robbed me, now under sentence; I got my watch again the same evening, in a house in Dillon's-court, or Gun-court, in the possession of the prisoner; he owned the room where it was found; these three women were at his room when I went; but I do not know who delivered the watch up; I said nothing to him; I do not think I ever saw him before; the women were women not ragged, but very coarse and homely; their dresses was tight, but that was all.
(The watch produced.)


                  WILLIAM
                   HANMORE
               



             sworn.
About the 18th of November, at night, the prosecutor came to the watch-house, and we caught the women in his room, and one of the women said, John, you know where it is; and one of them looked in the coal hole, and said, she could not find it; then she said, John, you go in, you know where to find it better than I, and he went in and found it.


                  THOMAS
                   RICHARDS
               



             sworn.
I was with Mr. Fogg; we could not find the watch; the woman said something to the man, and he went in on his hands and knees, and found the watch.
Two more witnesses deposed to the same effect.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am innocent; I have not got a friend in the world, but God above, and the mercy of the Court; I went for some drink, and while I was gone, they put it in the dust hole.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before the Mr. Justice BULLER.
