





396. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     THOMPSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d day of March
 last, five ounces of raw silk, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Ashton
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Beverley 
                     Westwood
                  



               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   ASHTON
               



             sworn.
I am partner with 
               
                  Beverley
                   Westwood
               



            ; we are dyer

s: I lost five ounces of raw silk on the 2d of March last: the prisoner was a servant in my house: I took him the day before as a labourer
: I lost the property out of the skeining room, where we lay our silk: I found some raw silk in each of his pockets: my son seized him by the collar; and I insisted on his stripping; there I found the silk; he said, he could not think how it came into his pockets; we missed the exact quantity of silk found on him; I could not persuade him to strip: I sent for an officer; the officer searched him, and found five ounces of raw silk in his breeches.


                  THOMAS
                   HASELTINE
               



             sworn.
I am constable of the parish; I examined the prisoner, and found five ounces and a half of silk, the property of Messrs. Ashton.
(The silk produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Another man and me were straightening it, and the man went down and helped me; and then my master came down, and insisted on searching me, and he pulled some silk out of my pockets; I knew nothing at all about them.
Court to Prosecutor. Do you know of any quarrel between him and the man? - No, Sir, that was not possible; he was not nine hours in my house.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
