





455. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JOE, otherwise 
JONES





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of July
, a wooden box, value 1s. four linen shirts, value 10s. four pair of cotton stockings, value 4s. two pair of boys leather shoes, value 6s. three callico shirts, value 3s. three cotton night caps, value 18d. a boy's hat, value 5s. two linen handkerchiefs, value 1s. a leather case, value 1d. and two horn combs, value 18d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Thornton
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   THORNTON
               



             sworn.
I live at Islington; I belong to the India House. On Friday, the 31st of July, I sent one of my children to school; I gave a boy in the neighbourhood, one of the witnesses, his box of linen to carry to the stage (James Hall) I desired him to meet me at Bishopsgate Church; by some mistake he went to a different part to what I directed him, and lost the box.
Q. What did it contain? - I cannot charge my recollection particularly, but childrens linen chiefly, which I marked myself the night before, about nine o'clock.


                  JAMES
                   HALL
               



             sworn.
Q. How old are you? - Fourteen, the 26th of May.
Q. Do you know Mr. Thornton? - Yes.
Q. Did he give you a box to carry to Bishopsgate Church yard? - Yes. I don't know justly what time of the day, it was in the morning. While I was waiting in Bishopsgate Church-yard


, at the pitching block, there came a man to me and asked me whether I was waiting for any body? I said, yes, I was waiting for a gentleman; and he stands a little while by the box, and then went and sit down a little while on a stone, and then comes to me again, and asked me if I was waiting for Mr. Thornton? I said, yes; and he said, you must come along with me just down here to our house; and he said, you have waited longer than you expected to wait, have not you? yes, I said; he lays, you must come along with me, to our house, at the foot of the bridge. Going along he asked me whether he should carry the box; I took the box and followed him some way; then going along he took the box off my head, and he said, I was going out of my way, I might go home; so I observed that Mr. Thornton was to pay me; he said, Mrs. Thornton would pay me; so I left him and the box. I thought the box was going to Mr. Thornton, so I went home.
Q. Do you know the man that took the box? - I think I should know him. I think that is him (the prisoner) but I am not quite sure.
Q. How soon after did you see him? - In two days time.
- GARNER sworn.
I am a hosier by business, and I am Collector of the toll at Moorgate; I happened to know the prisoner and his companion that was with him, by a recent matter, of one who was robbed by them in a similar manner. On Friday, the 31st of July, between eleven and twelve, as near as I can guess, I see the prisoner and another with him, coming along London Wall, by the back of Bedlam; I was standing at the corner of Fore-street; knowing their characters, I had my eye rather watching them; this prisoner came first, waving his hand, in a perspiration as if he had been running; it directly struck me, and just behind him was his companion, who went with him every day; his companion had a box on his shoulder, the prisoner had not any thing.
Q. Are you sure they were in company together? - I am sure they were; I see them every day, half a dozen times almost. They then turned up the right hand of Bedlam, to go towards Moorfields, but they turned back again and went down London Wall. Curiosity led me to go to the corner of Coleman-street, to see which way they went, and when I came to the corner of Coleman-street, this prisoner was turning the corner, which is a green grocer's, and this prisoner seeing me, he immediately turned back, and made his companion go the back way again. In consequence of that I did not watch them any further then; seeing them go by Bedlam Wall, near Moorfields, happening to go that way, I knew where they went to; they were going through alleys to Mrs. Samuel's, in Grub-street; I takes a different course, and went through Fore-street, and went to Grub-street, and told the constable, Humphries, in Grub-street, that there were two thieves, and to go with me; he immediately took his stick and came down stairs, and I went up Grub-street with him, and I told him the alley they would come through with the property to Samuel's; we were waiting a little while, and we see the companion come empty handed to see that the place was clear, I suppose, and not finding any thing on the man that we stopped, I said to the constable, let us go through the alley and right up to the room where they live. Accordingly we went through the alley and let the other go.
Q. Did you go to the prisoner's lodgings? - We did, and found him, and a woman, his wife, in the room; and there was the property that is here, scattered about the bed, and the box with all the things turned out, and the box standing under the bed.
Q. Was that the same box that you see his companion have a few minutes before? - According to the size of it it was; but it was tied up then in a brown apron; there was no other box of the size in the room. We secured the box and looked over the things; and he said they were his. The prisoner wanted to go out of the room, and I put my back against the door, and told him no. Accordingly when he wanted to shift, the constable came forward and helped me to tie the things up. When we were coming to Guildhall he wanted to make his escape, he made a sudden jerk and away he run from the constable, but we soon catched him again.


                  JOHN
                   HUMPHRIES
               



             sworn.
Q. You are constable of Cripplegate parish? - Yes. On the 31st of July. I I was called upon by Garner to go to this lodging; they were all sitting on the bed, the things were all on the bed, and the box was under the bed; I asked the prisoner whose things those were? he said they belonged to him; he began to be very rusty, said, he would be stopped by nobody but me; and so I left the things and took the prisoner to Guildhall.


                  ROBERT
                   NEWMAN
               



             sworn.
These things were delivered to me at Guildhall, while Mr. Humphries secured the prisoner.
(Produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  FRANCES
                   MILLARD
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 6, New-court, Ropemakers-alley, Little Moorfields; the prisoner was a lodger of mine, he had the one pair of stairs room.
Q. Was that the room where he was taken in custody in? - Yes, it was. After he was taken before the alderman I examined the room, and found the lid of the box behind my stove; and my husband and Mr. Garner applied to find out the proprietor of these things.
Prisoner. As I was going up in my room. I met a man coming down stairs, I went up to this woman, and she asked me to have a drop of something to drink, and immediately the officer and this man came up and asked me about this box, and whether these things were mine? I said, no. I never was in that other man's company at all. They were not my lodgings.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 23.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the Second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
