





392. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BRISTOW
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of July
, one pound and four ounces weight of bohea tea, value 3s. 3d.
             the goods of the 
               
East India Company




            .


                  JAMES
                   RICKMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a labourer and watchman, employed by the East India company in Fenchurch-street


 warehouse.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - Yes.
Q. In consequence of any direction that you had, what did you do on the 15thof July? - I went down the alley, in the warehouse, where the Camsoy teas were exposed to sale; I concealed myself there behind some of the chests; I observed the prisoner at the bar come into the alley, and he took a bag out of his pocket and filled it up out of a chest, No. 3841, and when he had filled that bag he put it into his pocket, and he went to another chest, No, 3970, and there he tore the lead open and filled a bag also, he put that into his pocket also; and when he had so done he came back to the former chest, No. 3841, and took some out and put it into his pocket and apron.
Q. Then the labourers wear aprons in the warehouse? - Yes, and they have a pocket in it to put their tools in. After that he came out of the alley from between the rows of teas, and I followed him out of that warehouse and through another, which was empty; I never had my eye off from him; I followed him through these warehouses, came up to him, and I put my hand on his shoulder, and said, Bristow, Mr. Wilson wants you; says he, goodness, what does he want with me? I said, I cannot tell you, Bristow, what he wants with you, but you must go with me directly. Accordingly he walked down one pair of stairs into the yard, and when he got there he said he wanted to go to the necessary; I told him that I could not suffer him to go there, he must go to Mr. Wilson; says he, for God's sake, Rickman, don't take me; says I, I am sorry for you, but you must go there. Accordingly, when we got to the counting house door, he made a bit of a stand, having some reluctance to go in; upon which I took him by the shoulder and forced him in. Then Mr. Tarrant, a custom house officer was sent for to search him.
Q. What did he find? - One pound four ounces of tea; one bag in each pocket, and some loose in his apron pocket; he begged for mercy, and said it was distress that had driven him to it.
Q. These chests that he took the tea from were in the company's warehouse? - Yes, in the company's warehouse, where nobody was employed at that time to work.
Prisoner. You said in the last place that there was no man to work on that floor, when there were thirty of forty people there. On what floor was it? - The congou floor.
Q. How can that be bohea tea then? - No, it was Camsoy tea.
Q. Could I have gone out of the warehouse without being searched? - No, you could not.
Q. Don't you expect a guinea for this from the company? - How can I expect that which I have never been promised.


                  JAMES
                   TARRANT
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe you are a revenue officer appointed to superintend at the East India warehouse? - Yes.
Q. Were you present at the time that the prisoner was brought by the last witness to Mr. Wilson? - I was not; I was sent for about ten o'clock. I went immediately into the counting house, and there was the prisoner at the bar standing inside of the counting house, Mr. Wilson said, the man there has got some tea in his pocket, and you must take it from him; I went up to him and said, you have got some tea, and I must have it; on which he put his hand into his apron and took some tea out, and I took the remainder out of his apron.
Q. What tea is it? - Camsoy tea; it is better than souchong, and not so good as congou, a black tea, all bohea. (produced.)
Prisoner. I was employed in the East India company's warehouse as a labourer
; I had been a considerable time sick, andbeen away, having worked a long time with the sugar and Indigo; I had been there but four days among these teas when this business happened. I was at work on the congou floor, where the congou and camsoy teas are, and I had an accident to spill this tea out of the chest, which got into the dirt, and I could not think of putting it into the chest, because it would have spoiled the whole, and I thought there could be no harm to take a little out of two chests and put it in this other chest. He may as well charge me with stealing the chests as intending to steal the tea I have a letter in my pocket from Mr. 
               
                  Robert
                   Black
               



            , whom I have lived with and since then I have lived with one Mr. Marshall, who is now abroad, and I believe I have one or two housekeepers to speak for me on the outside. If I had been going to steal tea I would not have taken bohea tea, I could have taken hyson tea, which is worth half a guinea a pound.
The prisoner called two witnesses who gave him a very good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
