





554. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing. on the 12th of September
, a gold watch, value 24l. a gold watch chain, value 4l. 4s. three cornelian seals set in gold, value 3l. 3s. three guineas, half a guinea, and twelve shillings, and a linen handkerchief, value 2s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Jones
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I am in the army
; on the night of the 12th of this month, the prisoner met me, in the neighbourhood of Holborn; she brought me to her lodgings; I think they were in Star-court


, some where in the neighbourhood of Holborn.
Q. What time of the night was it? - Between ten and eleven, I suppose half after ten; I took off my coat, and waistcoat, and put it at the back of the chair.
Q. Was it a great coat? - No, it was not; in my waistcoat pocket were four guineas; my watch was in my coat pocket, I cannot exactly say whether my watch was in my waistcoat pocket, or coat pocket; I had no great coat on at all.
Q. Do you mean four guineas in gold, or three guineas and two half guineas? - Three guineas and a half in gold, and twelve shillings in silver; the linen handkerchief was in my coat pocket.
Q. How came your watch in your coat pocket? - As I was going up stairs I took my watch out of my fob, and put it in my coat, or waistcoat pocket, I cannot say which; the prisoner went to my coat and waistcoat pocket, and carried off my watch, money and handkerchief; the handkerchief I see in her hand, the watch and money I heard rattle, when she went to my coat, I had no idea at that moment, that she had taken my watch or money; she went down stairs, and in the course of a minute after, I went to my coat, and on searching for my watch and money, I found they were carried off, and I went down stairs, and took the light in my hand, that was in the room, and on looking up the court, I perceived a watchman at the head of the court; I called him, and told him what had happened, I described the woman to him, and he told me that he had seen a person of that description, at the time I mentioned, passing up the court; the woman I found in the same house, in the evening; I am certain it was the same woman; on searching that evening after wards I found my handkerchief, the evening I saw the woman; I brought her to the watch-house, and returned with some of the watchmen; and on searching the prisoner's room, I found the handkerchief that was taken from me.
Q. Did you see any body at any time in that room but herself? - No; at the time I took her, she had another person with her, her husband, or some friend of her's; I found the handkerchief in a small cupboard in the room; nothing else has never been found.


                  Q. 
               


            What rank have you in the army? - A captain.
Q. Had you been in any company that evening? - Yes.

Q. Was you in liquor? - I cannot say that I was, I drank no more than I usually do, that very evening, I knew every well what I was about.
Q. Are you sure that is the woman that you see take your watch? - I am perfectly sure.
Q. How long might she be in your company altogether? - A quarter of an hour.
Prisoner. I know nothing of the prosecutor, I never see him till he took me; as for the house, it is a common lodging house.


                  JAMES
                   MANDAY
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; about a couple of minutes before the clock went eleven, the 12th of this month, Friday night, I met this woman coming out of this court, the clock went eleven directly after; and I went up the court to cry the hour, and he came down the court, Star-court, Cross-lane; coming down, he left the candle on the step of the stairs, the second step, he came down into the court, and met me, and said, watchman, I am robbed; by whom? says I; by a woman, says he, that came out this very moment; well says I, I see a woman coming out about three minutes ago, out of the court; then he brought me into the room where he was robbed.
Q. Did you go with him? - I did.
Q. Did you search the room? - Not that night, the next night I went and searched the room with the gentleman, and two more gentlemen with me; the prisoner was there, and a gentleman, whose name is Mr. Neale, he is in prison now; she goes by the name of Mrs. Neale, and her name is Ann Walker; and we found nothing but the handkerchief in a small cupboard in the corner; we took the woman into custody.
Prisoner. Ask him what knowledge had he ever of me?
Watchman. By all account she is a very bad woman; she robbed a gentleman just before of three or four guineas.


                  JOHN
                   MANNIS
               



             sworn.
I am Mr. Jones's servant, I bought this handkerchief a few months back, for Mr. Jones, and it was found in the prisoner's room; I know it by the pattern, and a particular stain that is in the corner of it; I am sure it is his.
Jones. This is my handkerchief that I was talking of, I value it at a shilling.
Prisoner. The house were I was taken was a common lodging house, and any body goes in that will, that can pay so much a night for sleeping in it; therefore that night I was taken, I had a lodging, and being distressed, I paid a shilling for to sleep there along with the man that was taken with me. I have no friend on earth that I know of.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 37.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
