





424. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     MANNING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of April
, a wooden box, value 6 d. seven pair of cotton stockings, value 14 s. two cotton gowns, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Adam 
                     Finch
                  




               
            .


                  MARGARET
                   FINCH
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of the prosecutor; he is a private soldier
 in the eleventh regiment of foot; he lost a box from the Queen's Head, Billinsgate


, out of the tap-room; I saw the prisoner take it; I was giving my child something to eat: the prisoner and one North said they would take me to Graves-end; but the boat was not fit; and they took my box; I got a pint of porter in a bottle, to take down with me; they never returned; we found the box broke open, at Rotherhithe, about two miles off; here is the lid of the box; I never saw the prisoner before.


                  ROBERT
                   ABBOTT
               



             sworn.
This is the lid of the box I carried down to Billinsgate for this woman.


                  JOHN
                   CREW
               



             sworn.
This lid of a box was found in a lighter, below Rotherhithe Church, between seven and eight in the evening; I cannot tell the day.
Court to Mrs. Finch. Was it brought in the same night you lost it? - Yes.


                  WILLIAM
                   MARSDEN
               



             sworn.
On Wednesday, the 7th of this month, I saw the prisoner and some more drinking at the Queen's Head, next the water side; I know the prisoner; he is a waterman.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I leave it entirely to your lordship, and the Almighty God; I am in very bad hands; I would wish to lay the case down, if you will give me leave to say a few words: to speak. I was in at the Queen's Head; and this woman had a box to carry down to Gravesend: a man applied; it was a Gravesend man: he asked me if I was a waterman? I said, yes; he brought the box down to me in a boat; I took the box in the boat; I only went to the house, to see if the woman was coming down; and before I got down again, the boat was gone.
Court to Marsden. Had you any difficulty in finding the prisoner? - The runners took him that night.



                  GEORGE
                   MARSHALL
               



             sworn.
I am a waterman: I saw the porter deliver the box to the waterman, and saw him put it on the boat's sitting board, and then got out of the boat to call another man to go with him; the mean while, the other man came into the boat, and went away with the boat and box too; directly after, the prisoner stepped into another boat, and rowed after him.


                  RICHARD
                   PAUL
               



             sworn.
I am a porter: I went to Ratcliffe, and saw the prisoner, and a man with him; I knew the prisoner before; they had three large bundles about four that afternoon; one was in a black Barcelona handkerchief, the other in one like this round my neck; after I had had my beer, and smoaked my pipe, I went to Billinsgate.
Court to Mrs. Finch. What time did you deliver this box? - Between two and three; the man looked like a waterman.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
