





172. 
               
                  PLUNKETT 
                  HERNE
               



             was was indicted, for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Frances, wife

 of 
                           
                              Robert 
                              Watts
                           








                  , on the 12th of January
, on the king's highway, putting her in fear and danger of her life, and feloniously taking from her person and against her will, one umbrella, value 3 s. his property
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  FRANCES
                   WATTS
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  Robert
                   Watts
               



            ; I live near Carnaby-market; I was robbed in Oxford-street


, at a little after eight in the evening, on Tuesday night last, near the corner of Wardour-street


; there was only one person; I did not know him before; I had an opportunity of observing him; he took my umbrella; I was going up Oxford-street with a bundle; he pulled at the bundle: the prisoner was behind me; I held my bundle fast, and he snatched at the umbrella, and took it away; I let my bundle fall in the dirt; he never spoke to me; I knew him perfectly well again; I saw him again about five or ten minutesafter he was taken; I halloo'd out stop thief, and the people that were passing, pursued the man; he was taken at the corner of Berwick-street; he flung down the umbrella, it was brought to me afterwards; I do not know who brought it; I did not see him fling it down.


                  LEONARD
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
Last Tuesday night, between eight and nine, I was in a public-house, and I heard the cry of stop thief; I took the prisoner into a public-house, and searched him; then the prosecutrix came up, and said he was the man, for he had a light coloured coat on; she did not see the coat then: he had this tinder box about him; I took him before the magistrate.
(The umbrella produced.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am innocent.


                  CATHERINE
                   CROSS
               



             sworn.
Concerning the tinder-box that was found on the prisoner, it was my property; I gave it him; I know him to be a hard working honest man; I never heard any thing else of him: I know his friends.
Court. A man snatching a thing from a person is not a robbery; about four score years ago, it was held so by a very great authority; now the law is, that there must be some violence used by the thief, towards the person that is robbed; independant of the mere act of taking the things out of their possession; or there must be a struggle: now, in this case, if the bundle had been taken from the person, it would have mounted to a robbery, but the taking the umbrella does not amount to a robbery; as far as the bundle was in question, there was a struggle between them about it, and if after that struggle, he had got the bundle by force, it would have been a robbery: it is very much like snatching off a man's hat; if done without any threat or menace, it is a felony, and not a robbery.




               GUILTY, of stealing, but not violently.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
