





66. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BOOTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of December
, seventeen pounds weight of tea, value 42s. and a tin cannister, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Sterling
                        




                     
                   in his dwelling-house
            .


                  FRANCIS
                   MASON
               



             sworn.
I was shopman to Mr. Sterling, who is a brandy-merchant and grocer
, in Denmark-street, St. Giles's


; I was not at home when the property was taken.
BENJAMIN KANE sworn.
I am a servant to the parish of St. Giles's, a bearer: On the 24th of December, about half past-five in the evening, I saw the prisoner at the bar, and another in company, coming down Little Denmark-street: Mr. Sterling's shop is in Great Denmark-street, about forty yards from this place; he had a cannister of tea upon his shoulder; I stopped him, and he said a man had given it him at the corner of Denmark-street: I told him I knew better than that, for I knew them both well.(It was produced in Court.)
Mason. This cannister is Mr. Sterling's property. I left it in the shop when I went out.
Q. Is there any mark upon it? - A. I know it by the tare, the tare is twenty pounds, it is marked within side.
Q. How long has your master had this cannister? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            twelve months.
Q. Have you any doubt about it? - A. No.
Q. How much tea was there in it? - A. seventeen pounds, it was standing in the shop when I went out, we had two of the same kind.
Prisoner's defence. Coming down Denmark-street, I saw a man with that cannister of tea, he said he would give me 6d to carry it into Hog-lane, and that man came and laid hold of me, the other man went away, and I have never seen him since.




               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 39s.
             (Aged 14.)
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.




[Transportation. See summary.]


