





571. 
               
                  
                     PAUL 
                     BAILEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of May
, one cotton bed vallence, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Gilding
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCIS
                   GILDING
               



             sworn.
I am a cabinet-maker and upholsterer
; this property was taken from my house.


                  ROBERT
                   NEWMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I was attending the fire on the 16th of May, between twelve and one on the Sunday morning; about one in the morning I detected the prisoner going off with this property under his arm, there were a number of houses on fire, and the prosecutor's house was on fire; I suppose he was between twenty and thirty yards from the fire when I stopped him; he carried it under his arm.
(Produced and deposed to.)
I asked him where he was going with it; he gave me no answer; but threw it into my arms, and made through the mob, as fast as he could: I caught the bundle: I lost sight of him, though I struck him several times on the head with my stick; he was taken on the 7th of June by Lucy; I saw him in custody: Lucy delivered him to me; I left the bundle at a grocer's shop, and went for it in two or three days; I know it is the same, by being torn: I left it afterwards at the White Bear, Barbican, a day, or two, till I could find out a proper owner for it; I got the same bundle again from there, and Mr. Gilding owned it.



                  JOHN
                   LUCY
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner on the 7th of June.
Prosecutor. This is part of a bed in our house, of our furniture; on the night of the fire it was all compleat, and part was missing afterwards.
Prisoner. Newman has seen me several times since.
Newman. I deny it.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
