





293. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HULL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of May
, a deal box, value 1s. a linen waistcoat, value 5s. a flannel waistcoat faced with kersemere, value 2s. 6d. a pair of thickset breeches, value 12s. a pair of stockings made of silk and cotton, value 3s. two pair of cotton stockings, value 4s. three muslin neck handkerchiefs, value 6s. a linen shirt, value 6s. and one cotton handkerchief, value 1s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Douglas
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Frances
                         Bird
                     



                  , widow
            .


                  JAMES
                   DOUGLAS
               



             sworn.
Q. Are you a lodger of Mrs. Frances Bird's? - Yes, I am a shoe-maker
.
Q. Where does Mrs. Bird live? - No. 6, Evans-court, Basinghall-street, Cripplegate


.
Q. How were these things taken from you, were they in a box? - Yes, all the articles in the indictment, on Monday, the 18th of May. I lodge up three pair of stairs.
Q. Did you see them taken out of the room? - I did not.
Q. When did you see them before they were taken last? - About half past seven o'clock the next morning.

Q. Was the box locked? - It was locked.
Q. At what time had you an idea they were taken? - A person came down and told me that my box was taken out of the room, and I asked how it was gone? and he said there was a man took it out just now.
Q. Did you go to your room to see if it was missing? - I went out, and three men along with me, and we all three went different ways, and I accidently happened to go the right road, and light of the person with the box, reiling with it on a post, as if he might rest himself.
Q. Now, where was the place where you found the prisoner? - In Addle-street; I asked the prisoner how he came by that box? - and he did not make me any answer at all; I called for assistance, and there was a man coming past, and he went and brought a constable, I gave the constable charge of him, and got him to the beadle's house,and he seemed to be very much afraid then, and he began begging of me to let him go, and he never would do so any more.
Q. Did you take the box? - I did, and delivered it up to the constable.
Q. When you found the box was it locked? - It was, it had not been opened, I opened it at the watch-house, and the constable was there.
Q. What may the deal box be worth? - A shilling.
Q. Was there a cloth coat in it? - Yes, there was twenty shillings worth; a linen waistcoat worth five shillings; a flannel waistcoat worth two shillings and sixpence; a pair of thickset breeches worth twelve shillings.
Q. Do you think they would fell for this value that you put on them? - Yes, I do. A pair of silk and cotton stockings worth three shillings; two pair of cotton stockings worth four shillings; three muslin handkerchiefs worth six shillings; a linen shirt worth six shillings; and one cotton pocket handkerchief worth a shilling; they are not new.
- sworn.
I was the person that see them go out of the house, and gave the alarm. I lodge in the same house, I see him go out of the door of the house.
Q. Had he any thing with him? - Nothing further than the box on his shoulder, I could not see what person it was.
Q. What sort of a box was it? - A plain deal box.
Q. To Douglas. Was it a plain deal box your's, or was it covered with paper? - A plain deal box.


                  RICHARD
                   COOLEY
               



             sworn.
I am beadle of Aldermanbury; I was standing at my door this day week, a little above half an hour after two o'clock, and a neighbour came to me, and told me I must run away directly, there was a thief; I told him I was no constable, but if there was a thief I would go with him directly, and when I got about four doors from my own house, there I see the two witnesses that have been before your lordship, and the prisoner at the bar, with this here box; the witnesses and the prisoner were all close together; then I told him to stop a few minutes, and I would run and get a constable, and he should take charge of him; I went for a constable.
Q. When the prisoner and the prosecutor were together, did the prosecutor charge him with any thing? - Yes, he charged him with stealing his box, in which was his whole property, except what he stood up in. When the constable came they all went to my house, and I have had the box and the thingsever since, and have brought it here backwards and forwards.
Q. In what street was it that you see these people together? - In Addle-street, the corner of Phillips's lane together, and I live at No. 4, Phillips's-lane.


                  JOHN
                   FLETCHER
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I was sent for, and took charge of the man, and I found this picklock key and iron crow in his pocket.
Q. To Prosecutor. Had you locked the door to this room of your's, or was it left open? - It was left open.
Q. Is your name on the box? - It is not; I have had it going on four years, here is a song fastened inside which I can swear to.
Q. Have you any doubt about the things in it? - No, none in the least; the coat is what I wore.
Prisoner. I never was in the house in my life; I never wronged a man in my life; as to the box, it was left with me for five minutes, and I was to have a pint of beer when the man came back again.




               GUILTY,
Of stealing to the value of 39s
            .(Aged 37.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
