





269. 
               
                  
                     ALLEN 
                     CAMERON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of January
 last, twenty silk handkerchiefs, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Grant
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   GRANT
               



             sworn.
I keep a haberdasher's shop
, in Oxford-street


. On Friday, the 29th of January, the prisoner came into the shop and asked for two yards of worsted binding; the boy served him.


                  RICHARD
                   HIGGINS
               



            .
Court. Do you know the nature of an oath? - Yes, if I tell a lie I shall go to the Devil.


                  RICHARD
                   HIGGINS
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came in for two yards of worsted binding; I asked him what it was for? I think he said, to bind a black petticoat; he would not let me wrap it up in paper; but slung it round his arm; on going out he opened a glass case; I went to shut it; and I went to the door, and saw two other boys at the door, a chimney sweeper and another; in about ten minutes he came back, and slid the glass case back, and very suddenly snatched a quantity of handkerchiefs; I jumped over the counter, and caught hold of his pocket, and tore it; some body pulled the door too, and pinched my thumb, that I could not hold him; he ran round a coach, and my master called stop thief: he was taken in Woodstock-street; I never lost sight of him till he got into a publick-house: he dropped the handkerchiefs as he ran round the coach, by the wheel; I saw them drop from his right side; I saw him go into the publick-house; he had a blue coat and black waistcoat on.


                  GEORGE
                   BUCKLE
               



             sworn.
On the 29th of January I heard the cry of stop thief, at the door of Mr. Grant's; I saw the prisoner run round the hind part of a coach; and I saw the handkerchiefs drop from his right side; he ran round to the horses heads, and I pursued him; I never lost sight of him till he got into the publick-house passage: Mr. Grant picked up the handkerchiefs.



                  JOHN
                   DISNEY
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. I was sent for to Mr. Grant's, to take the prisoner into custody, and the handkerchiefs.
Court to Mr. Grant. Now tell me what you did in this business? - I immediately ran across the street, and cried stop thief: I saw the prisoner drop the handkerchiefs by the coach; I picked them up, and saw somebody had him, for they said, here he is: Mr. Buckle was with him when taken.
(The handkerchiefs produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
There are twenty of them altogether: my mark is U. R.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


