





677. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GILBERT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 16th of September
, six pair of silver shoe buckles, value 1 l. 10 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Flint
                        




                     
                   privately in his shop
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   FLINT
               



             sworn.
I was not in the shop at the time.


                  ROBERT
                   BEDNELL
               



             sworn.
My master is a slop seller
, No. 362, Armitage-street, Wapping


; I remember seeing the prisoner in the shop.
Q. What business had he in the shop? - I don't know, I was not attending of him; I see him standing in the shop, and I heard my fellow servant say to him if he would take the breeches, he said he could not pay for them till night when he should have settled with his captain.
Q. What time of the day was this? - About two o'clock, and about three o'clock I missed the buckles, they were packed up in paper whity brown and brown; I missed them then, wanting toput them up in another parcel, to be sent to Portsmouth with other goods.


                  JOHN
                   WEAVER
               



             sworn.
The things were delivered to me at the office, and the man along with them, by a gentleman here, they have been in my possession ever since.


                  SAMUEL
                   KNIGHTLY
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker in East Smithfield; the prisoner at the bar brought the six pair of buckles into my shop; I never saw him before, he said he wanted twelve shillings on the six pair of plated buckles, he did not pawn them; I stopped him and the buckles.
Court. Then you did a very right thing, the public are very much obliged to you for it.
Flint. I am positive of their being my property, by a private mark, which is a greek character.
Q. What day was it you lost them? - On Monday the 16th of September.
Court to Knightly. What day was it he came to you? - The same day.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing but not privately. (Aged 50)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
