





523. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     RANKIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of September, a pound weight of opium, value 23s.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Graham
               




            .


                  JAMES
                   GRAHAM
               



             sworn. - I am a druggist
, No. 35. Leadenhall-street


; the prisoner was my porter
, he did not live in the house, he was at work upon weekly wages: On Saturday last, I employed a man to pick some hay-bands for me; I gave him directions to clear away some straw, and separate it, in doing of which, he discovered a small parcel, which I immediately looked at, and found to be opium, and as it appeared to me to be hid there, for the purpose of being stolen, I gave him directions to watch it, and to see who should come to take it away.
Q. You do not know of your own knowledge, who took it? - A. No.


                  JOHN
                   KINSEY
               



             sworn. - I went by the order of Mr. Graham, to pick some hay-bands, in doing of which, I found a small parcel, which I gave to Mr. Graham, he opened it, and seeing the contents, he placed it as it was before; Mr. Graham desired me to take notice if any one carried it away, but not to speak to any body; in about ten minutes, the prisoner came up, under pretence of searching for a knife, which he said he had dropped a few days before; I perceived him put his hand towards his pocket; in a few minutes afterwards he went down stairs; immediately after for my own curiosity, I turned up the straw to see if the opium remained there or not, and found it was gone, and according to Mr. Graham's directions, I staid there till he came, and I informed him that the prisoner had been there; Mr. Graham did not know, I believe, at the time, where the man's residence was, and his warehouseman, who had the only knowledge of it, was gone over the water; I waited there with Mr. Graham and the constable, till the prisoner returned; Mr. Graham and I went with the constable to his lodgings, and in searching his wife, he found it in her pocket; the prisoner had told me, that it was in a drawer in his apartments, but when we had searched and could not find it, we searched the woman.
Q. How long had this man lived with you? - A. Upwards of twelve months.
Q. How did he behave? - A. He behaved in general well, but a great number of thefts have been committed in the house since he came to it.(Abraham Bone, the constable, produced the opium, which was deposed to by Mr. Graham).
Prisoner's defence. My wife has been very ill for a long time; I took it home, with intention to take a little bit of it for her, intending to take the rest back again.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 33.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first London Jury. before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
