





183. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLWAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of February
, twelve pounds of soap, value 8s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Williams
                  




               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  JOHN
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a soap manufacturer
 in St. John's-street


, the prisoner was a servant
 of mine: I missed quantities of soap at different times, and I gave Mr. Heal directions to watch, and previous to that, I had signified to the prisoner that I had been robbed. On Monday last, the 18th, I had some soap produced to me in my front parlour, I had the officer in waiting, it was produced to me by them, it was taken from the prisoner's person, it was found in his breeches; it was mottled soap, of the same fort that I had in my manufactory, I can swear and take a thousand oaths that it was my soap; he confessed it.
Q. Did you offer him favour, or threaten him? - A. No, I did not.
Mr. Ward. Q. Be so good as let us know what you said to him first? - A. I said, little did I think you was the scoundrel that had robbed me; I said nothing else to him.
Mr. Knapp. Q. What did he say? - A. He said that he was guilty; and I do not recollect that he said another word.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ward. Q. What is your partner's name? - A. I have none.
Q. Have you no connection with any other person in business? - A. No.


                  WILLIAM
                   HEAL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am servant to the prosecutor: I was set by Mr. Williams to watch the prisoner in a room adjoining to that in which he works, I saw him through the partition boards; about ten minutes before seven o'clock in the evening, I saw him draw a bag from his breeches, take two pieces of soap, put them into the bag, and return the bag, with the soap in it, into his breeches; he came out at seven o'clock, I came out at the same time, keeping near to him through the manufactory; all the men were with him, and we all went into the accompting-house together, from the accompting-house through the yard into Mr. Williams's parlour, the officers were ready; I told them to take the bag of soap out of his breeches, I saw it takenout, it contained two large pieces of mottled soap.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 33.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice ROOKE.
