





470. 
               
                  
                     MILES ANDREW 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               willful and corrupt perjury
            .(The indictment opened by Mr. Gurney, and the case by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  MANOAH
                   SIBLY
               



             sworn.
Q. You are short hand writer to this Court? - Yes.
Q. Have you the original notes of the trial of 
               
                  James
                   Cooke
               



             the last Session? - I have.
Q. Be so good as to read the evidence that the prisoner at the bar gave on that occasion.
Reads the whole of the evidence.
See the Session paper No. VII. Part II.(The following extracts of which were the assignments of perjury against the prisoner.)
"Q. And so they got safe into the Star and Garter? - Yes.
Q. How were you disposed of there? - I was carried into a room on the left hand side of the passage, and they asked for Sergeant Cooke, and Sergeant 
               
                  Cooke
               


             came down stairs; I remained a little in that same room, and then I was taken up stairs and locked up in the back garret.
Q. Did you go through the tap room? - I did not.
Q. You never see the tap room at all? - I did not.
Q. You never wrote your name in your life as William Harris? - Yes, I did when I was committed to Guildford gaol, or Bagshot.
Q. Did not you at the police office, at Westminster, write your name as 
               
                  William
                   Harris
               



            ? - No, I did not.(The attestation shewn him.)
Q. Be so good as to look at that, and see whether that is your hand writing? - No, I will swear that is not my hand writing.
Q. Look at it again. There are two William Harrises there, one at the top and the other in the middle of the paper, are neither of them your hand writing? - No.
Q. Is Shepherd there? Look at him? - Yes, that is the man.
Q. You recollect him? - Yes, I think that is the man.
Q. You never see him since you was at the police office, and yet you have senses enough about you to think that is the man? - Yes, I think it is.
Q. And yet you say you did not sign your name there? - All the questions that I heard asked were, what is your name? the sergeant said, William Harris.
Q. Then before you went to the police office, did not you go to Crown-street? -No, not that I know of: I might go through Crown street to it.
Q. You did not stop any where to see any body? - No.
Q. Mr. Dalby, stand up. Tell me whether you did not see that gentleman, and whether you were not examined by him, as to the propriety of being fit for a soldier, before you went to the police office? - No.
Q. Not before you went to slsey Barracks? - Not by any barracks.
Q. Do you know a watchman of the name of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Bradley
               



            ? - No.
Q. Then I ask you this question, whether between the time after you came from the police office some time on Monday night, you did not escape from the room up stairs with your own clothes on, and brought back by Bradley to this house? - No.
Q. Had you ever got out of the Star and Garter before the time you was carried to the police office? - No, never.
Q. Then after you had been at the police office, you swear that you did not get out of this house and brought back by Bradley, a watchman? - No, I did not get out of the house.
Q. (Bradley, stand up.) Look at that person: will you swear that he did not lay hold of you and bring you back to the Star and Garter, you having got away? - Yes, I will.
Q. Do you know a captain Bartholomew? - No.
Q. Is captain Bartholomew here? - Was your person ever examined by him, to see if you was fit to be a soldier? - My person never was examined by any one."


                  RICHARD
                   HUNT
               



             sworn.
I am in the Loyal Louth Lincolnshire Volunteers.
Q. Was it the same regiment to which Sergeant 
               
                  Cooke
               


             belonged, that was tried here? - Yes.
Q. Do you know the man at the bar? - Yes, I have seen him.
Q. When did you first see him? -Sometime in April last; he was brought from Chelsea, enlisted by one Brown. I was in the room when he was brought in; I cannot say justly what day it was.
Q. To what house was he brought? - The Star and Garter, Old Palace-yard, that was our rendezvous.
Q. He was in the dining room along with the rest of you? - Yes.
Q. There was a good many more of you there? - Yes.
Q. Whereabouts is the tip room in that house? Is that what you call the tap room? - No, the dining room is up stairs; the tap room is on the right hand side coming in of the street door.
Q. Were you ever in the tap room? - Yes, frequently.
Q. Do you know whether Smith was ever there? - Yes, I know he was there, because I have drank with him in the tap room. He went by the name of William Harris, he signed his name as such however; I did not know any thing of his name but 
               
                  William
                   Harris
               



            , till after Cooke was taken up. I have seen him once or twice in the tap room or oftner.
Q. How was he kept? - The same as the rest; he went up and down stairs when he pleased; we were never confined only at night when we went to bed.
Q. Were you all permitted to go into the tap room as you pleased? - We were permitted now and then to go down to drink or so with a friend, but we did not run up and down there, because we paid only for the dining room.
Q. Were there any orders against any of you going into this tap room? - No.
Q. Did you see this man attested? - I did not go; he went out of the room with Sergeant 
               
                  Cooke
               


            , to be attested. I am pretty well assured it was on Monday.

Q. From what you know of him, and see of him, do you know whether he was looked up of a day in the upper room; - He was not.
Q. Do you recollect the circumstance of any watchman bringing in any man? - Yes, I was present when Sergeant Cooke brought 
               
                  William
                   Harris
               



             up stairs, after he was brought in by the watchman, sergeant Cooke told me so.
Q. Did he tell you so in the presence and hearing of the man at the bar? - Yes; 
               
                  William
                   Harris
               



             said he did not mean to desert, he only wanted to go into the back yard to do a little job for himself.
Q. He did not deny but what the watchman brought him in, but only excused for it, that he did not mean to desert? -He did not.
Mr. Knapp. Are you at present in this regiment of loyal louth volunteers? - Yes, I have been in the recruiting service; I came now from Watford.
Q. How long have you been from this recruiting house? - I went away the Wednesday after he went away from the house; I come up again on this trial.
Q. How often have you seen Cooke? - Several times.
Q. How often have you conversed on this trial? - He has not conversed with me on this trial; I was sent for last Friday.
Q. Were you told what to say? - I was not.
Q. You know you were not a witness on Cooke's trial? - I was not, because I was sent off to my regiment that I then belonged to, in Dublin barracks.
Q. But not being at the last trial, did not you understand what you were to prove to day? - Yes, to prove that I knew the man when he was at the Star and Garter.
Q. Who told you that? - I have heard different people talk of it, not one in particular.
Q. On your oath did not Mr. Cooke tell you so, that you were to come to prove that you remembered this man at the Star and Garter? - Certainly he did, he told me that I was subpoenaed to be an evidence for him, that I was there at the time, and so I was; I am speaking no more than what is true.
Q. You say that you came here on Friday last, that is a week ago exactly; where have you been living since you have been in town? - I have attended here almost every day.
Q. Has Mr. Cooke been attending with you? - He has not been attending with me, he has been attending in the court.
Q. Have you not been at dinner together? - No, I went home to dinner.
Q. You went home to this recruiting shop? - Yes, I went home, that is where I lodge.
Q. You went home to the rest of your regiment? - Yes, but Cooke was not with me, never particularly, no more than any body else; I have had no conversation with him at all, the other men and me have talked together, but not sergeant Cooke.
Q. You are still in the regiment? - Yes, I am.
Mr. Knowlys. I take it for granted that when you was subpoenaed, it was asked what you could prove, and what you knew of this business? - Yes, certainly.
Q. Another thing, you had no other place to live at but this recruiting house? - No, that is my place, I have no right to be any where else.
Q. And you have talked about this matter among your friends? - Yes, I have
Q. It is not a very common thing for one of your comrades to be indicted for felony? - No, I should be very sorry if it was.


                  GEORGE
                   BRIDGEFORTH
               



             sworn.
I keep the Star and Garter in Palace-yard, near Abingdon-street; I see the prisoner the latter end of April, when he came to my house, nearly the 27th or 28th, I cannot say particularly, it was Saturday, nearly about the middle of the day.
Q. Who did he come with? - I don't know.
Q. What time did you first see him? - Nearly about two o'clock, in the parlour.
Q. How long did he remain in your house? - 
               
                  Till
                   Tuesday
               



             morning.
Q. Did he ever go out of your house during that time? - Yes, he went out once to be attested, on Monday.
Q. Did he go out any other time? - Yes, on Monday evening, he was brought in by a watchman, Thomas Bradley; I see him brought in at the door; Bradley asked sergeant Cooke whether that man belonged to him, and he answered that he did, and then they went into the parlour, and I saw no more of them for a little while.
Q. Did you ever see him in the tap room? - I carried tea to him myself in the tap room, he sat behind the door; he was in more than once to the best of my knowledge.
Q. Are you certain you see him twice? - I only speak as to belief that I see him twice, but I am certain once, because I carried tea to him, and two slices of bread and butter, either on Sunday or Monday morning.
Q. Was he at liberty, or was he locked up? - Neither him nor no man was ever locked up in my house, nor would I suffer any such thing.
Q. Then you solemnly swear that he never was locked up in any room in your house? - He was not; I set two rooms to them, one room to sleep in and another to sit in, and I would wish them to be there as much as I can, but they are all over my house. That is the man, I am certain of it.
Q. By what name did he go at your house? - By the name of 
               
                  William
                   Harris
               



             he answered me, I never heard that his name was Smith till the prosecution of Cooke, and was much surprised to hear it.
Mr. Knapp. You are the landlord of this house, of course every thing is conducted in this house as it ought to be? - It might be so.
Q. There was a good many other recruits in the house? - A good many.
Q. You give them free liberty to run all over the house? They are not confined to one room? - They have four rooms, indeed.
Q. And they had full liberty to go about every part of your house? - Yes, every part except the wine cellar.
Q. You say that as to once that you are sure that you gave him tea in the tap room, but as to any more, being on your oath, you do not choose to swear, either one way or the other? - No more! will not swear to.
Q. How long has your's been a recruiting house? - Since the 17th of March.
Q. A great many recruits in your house at different times? - A great many more than sleep there, at different times.
Q. How many recruits have you had in your house since that time, twenty or thirty? - More than that often in a week.
Q. Sergeant 
               
                  Cooke
               


             is very lucky? - They come there from other Sergeants.
Mr. Gurney. You have no interest in the recruiting business? - No.
Q. And therefore of course you do not pay attention to the exact number that are in your house?


                  THOMAS
                   WELLS
               



             sworn.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - Yes.
Q. What name do you know him by? - 
               
                  William
                   Harris
               



            .

Q. Did you ever know him by any other name before the prosecution of Cooke for this robbery? - Never.
Q. When did you first see him? - On the 27th of April, to the best of my knowledge on Saturday.
Q. You are a walter at the Star and Garter? - Yes. When I first see him he was brought in by one Brown from Chelsea, and was taken into the back room.
Q. At what hour? - I cannot say, I am not particular, he came as a recruit; he was taken into a little parlour on the left hand.
Q. In what other parts did you see him? - On Sunday, and on Monday I see him in the tap room.
Q. Are you sure you see him both these days? - Yes.
Q. What was he doing in the tap room? - I really cannot tell, what he was doing. he might be drinking with the rest of the recruits.
Q. Had the recruits in general the liberty of coming into the tap room when they pleased? - Yes, at times, they drink in all parts of the house.
Q. From your observation of that man, did he appear to be much restrained, or more confined than the rest of the recruits? - Not at all.
Q. Did you ever hear him complain when he was in the house, of being robbed or I treated? - Not at all.
Q. Were you present at the time the watchman gave any account of any man? - Yes, and that was the same man; that was on Monday, about twenty minutes after ten in the evening; Bradley brought him in and asked for Mr. Cooke the sergeant, and asked if he did not belong to him, he supposed he was going to desert.
Q. Did Cooke claim him? - Yes, he did.
Q. What did the prisoner say at that time? - I did not hear him make any defence at all.
Q. I believe you did not go to the justice? - I did not.
Mr. Knapp. You say you are a waiter at this rendezvous? - Yes, almost a twelve month.
Q. Are you continued in the employ at present by the last witness? - Yes.
Q. You are sure that he was in the tap room two days? - He was in different times on both days.
Q. You have always said so? - Yes, I said so before to the best of my knowledge.
Q. That was very recent after the transaction took place that you was examined before, when sergeant Cooke was tied? - Yes.
Q. You was more likely to say your recollection of the thing what had happened, then you are now? - I can recollect as well now as then.
Q. So you are sure that you said at the last trial, that he was on Sunday and Monday at different times in the tap room. I will put the question that was put to you the last time, "Did you ever see him in the tap room at all" your answer was,"On Monday he was, in the forenoon, to the best of my knowledge."
"Q. What was he doing there?
"A. He might be drinking or sitting with the rest of the men.
"Q. What part of the house on Sunday?
"A. He was in different parts." On Sunday now you are sure he was in the room, how came you not to say so to the other jury? Stand down.


                  HENRY
                   MAISTER COOKE
               



             sworn.
Q. You are the brother of 
               
                  James
                   Cooke
               



            , the man that was tried here? - I am, I am in the life guards.
Q. Did you ever see the prisoner at the bar before? - Yes, at the Star and Garter, in July.
Q. Did you ever see him before July? - No, I did not.

Q. How long was it before the trial of your brother, that you see him? - I cannot say.
Q. By what name did he go by? - I never heard his name mentioned, I only went to see my brother.
Q. What day of the week was it? - I cannot say.
Q. What time of the day, or night? - I cannot tell to an hour, near nine o'clock.
Q. Did you see any watchman at the time you were there? - Yes.
Q. Did he bring any body into the house? - Yes, the prisoner.
Q. What did the watchman says in his hearing, when he brought him in? - He said he brought him in, and asked if he belonged to sergeant Cooke.
Q. Did he say where he found him? - He found him in a back place the back part of the house, but I really cannot say where.
Q. How long did you stay there? - Perhaps three hours.
Mr. Knapp. You don't know even the month, the day of the week, or the hour of the day when this happened; you were a very little time there, only went in to see your brother and come out again.
Court. Are you sure you were there when Bradley brought in the man? - Yes.
Q. (Call Bradley in.) Do you know that man? - Yes, that is the man that brought him in.


                  THOMAS
                   BRADIEY
               



             sworn.
Q. You are a watchman? - Yes.
Q. Do you know the Star and Garter? - Yes; my box is against the wall of the house.
Q. Did you ever take any man near that house? - I never took any man not till I took one man, and took him up the passage, I brought him down and delivered him to sergeant Cooke.
Q. Where did you find the man? -Up the passage that leads up by my box, by the house; I said to the man, my friend, what do you do up there?
Q. Is it not a thoroughfare? - No: I ask your pardon; says he, I thought it had been a thoroughfare; I then took him down the passage, and took him to the Star and Garter; I took the man into the parlour, and asked sergeant Cooke if the man did not belong to him; he claimed the man, I delivered the man up to him.
Q. Did you ever in your life, and under the same circumstances, deliver any other man to sergeant Cooke? - Not before this. I cannot swear to the man.
Mr. Knapp. You say that you cannot swear to the person of the man, so you said before, on the former trial. In point of fact you had picked out another man for the man, and was mistaken? - I had to the best of my knowledge, and was mistaken.
Q. When was this? - To the best of my knowledge now, it was in April.
Q. The court put the question to you before; "Are you sure it was in May?" and then you answered, to the best of my knowledge I think it was.
Q. Have you any recollection about the month; I should think after what you have said, that you have not much recollection about it, one way or another? - I believe I did say May, I think I recollect myself in that.
Q. Have you any recollection about it whether it was April, May or June?
Court. Will you take on yourself to say in what month it was? - No, I will not swear.
Mr. Knowlys. Have you any doubt that you took a man and delivered him to sergeant Cooke? - No.


                  JOHN
                   SHEPHERD
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to the police office, Queen's-square, Westminster.

Q. In that character, is it your duty to witness the attestation of soldiers that are brought to be attested? - Yes.
Q. Will you look in your book on the date of the 27th of April? What book is it? - This is the register book of the recruits that are attested at the office.
Q. Do you register them yourself? - I do all those that I attest.
Q. On the 27th of April, do you find any entry there in your own hand-writing of a person brought by Sergeant Cooke? I do."
               
                  William
                   Harris
               



            , on the 27th of April, before 
               
                  John
                   Warner
               



            , Esq."
Q. Will you state to the court the custom of the office when a recruit comes to be attested? - The attestation is brought, I get the recruit to sign his name, I witness it; then immediately after I have filled it up, and said, sworn before me, in Queen square, Westminster, I ask him if he has had the articles of war read to him? If he has been enlitted four and twenty hours? He is than taken before the magistrate, the magistrate asks him several questions, such as, if he was sober when he enlitted? if he had received his beanty? The magistrate then orders me to administer the oaths to him.
Q. Now, are these forms invariably ovserved of the attestation of recruits at your office? - I believe there is not a recruit attested in our office but what these observation are made.
Q. Was there before this time any trials that induced you to be more cautious? -
Court. You were particularly cautious and more so in the month of May last - I was.
Q. You, on these occasions, administer an oath to the recruit? - Yes, two oaths; one to be true to his Majesty, and the other in the attestation.
Q. Are you sure that those oaths were administered to the person that appeared by the name of 
               
                  William
                   Harris
               



            , that was brought by Sergeant Cooke? - Most undoubtly.
Q. Look at that paper (the attestation) Is that your hand writing? - It is.
Q. Did you see the person that called himself William Harris, subscribe his name to that paper? - Certainly I did.
Q. Was there any other William Harris brought by Sergeant Cooke? - There was not. I cannot recollect his person.
Mr. Knapp. I was not inclined at all to dispute the regularity of your office; nor was I disposed to question too propriety of your couduct at all, nor am I now. You do not mean to say that the prisoner at the bar was William Harris? - Nor can I say so.
Q. And when you say that William Harris was brought by Sergeant Cooke you say so because it is wrote down so in your book? - From my book and the attestation
Q. But as to the person of the man, you have no conception at all? - Certainly not.
Q. The person that signs that, do you ask him his name, or any body else? - I calls the name that is entered, and he comes to me. There were but two recruits that day; the one is William Harris, by Sergeant Cooke; the other is brought by Sergeant Lovell, his name was 
               
                  George
                   Garnett
               



            .


                  JAMES
                   COOKE
               



             sworn.
Q. You are a Sergeant in the Loyal Louth Volunteers? - I am.
Q. Were you so on the 27th of April last? - I was.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - Yes, 
               
                  Miles
                   Andrew Smith
               



            , by the name of William Harris.
Q. How came you to see him that day? - He was brought as a recruit, by one George Brown, of Chelsea.

Q. Where is Brown now? - I believe he is on his passage to the West Indies.
Q. Are you the same 
               
                  James
                   Cooke
               



             that was prosecuted and tried for the robbery of this man? - I am; I was acquitted. He came to the house in my absence, when I returned home they said there was a recruit come; I went in and examined him, and asked him his name? he said, 
               
                  William
                   Harris
               



            , as such I asked him what Bounty he was to have? he wanted the whole bounty; he was to receive ten guineas, and to return half, a guinea back to me. He was taken to No 9, in Crown-street, Westminster, to be examined by the surgeon, John Dalby.
Q. On what day did you first see him? - On Saturday evening; Dalby was the surgeon of the regiment, appointed by Colonel Lost.
Q. After that where did he come to? - The same house that we use; he was attested on the Monday after, between the hours of three and four o'clock, at the police office, Queen's-square.
Q. In what way was he treated in the time he was there? - The same as I was treated myself, and all the rest of the recruits.
Q. Was he at all confined? - Only when they go to bed; I sleep in the same room.
Q. Was he prohibited from any room in the house? - He was in the tap room, the front room and kitchen; he has been with me in four different rooms.
Q. In these four rooms, has he been with you in the tap room, is it one of the four rooms? - It is; he has been several times there, more than either twice or three, he had twice tea carried him in there.
Q. Who went with him to he attested? - Myself.
Q. Did any body accompany you? - Not to my knowledge.
Q. Who attended as magistrate? - Mr. Warner.
Q. Do you know the clerk who attended there? - Yes, John Shepherd, he read the oaths to him.
Q. Was the person you took there sworn? - He was sworn.
Q. By what name? - William Harris.
Q. Did you see him write his name? - I did.
Q. Look at that attestation? - That is William Harris's hand writing, written by the same person.
Q. Did you know him by any other name than 
               
                  William
                   Harris
               



            ? - Never before I was taken into custody, and carried to Marlborough-street.
Q. Did you hear him sworn? - Yes, also he signed that oath.
Q. How long did you stay in the office? - Sometimes we get done in four or five minutes, sometimes we wait half an hour, according to the business.
Q. Did you take any other recruit that day to be attested, besides William Harris? - Not one.
Q. Did he receive any bounty money of you? - Yes, he had seven guineas of gold, of me, I always count it down before the magistrate.
Q. Was there any acknowledgment of that receipt? - There was a receipt that he left me on the 28th of April, of his receiving the whole of his pay, and his bounty money.
Q. Now look at that bit of paper, and tell me whether that is the paper that he signed as a receipt? - It is witnessed by me, he signed it in my presence.
Q. After he had returned from the magistrate's, whether he ever was in the tap room? - In the tap room? he was with me there, and I had a pot of beer with him, after that we took him up stairs, and cloathed him in regimentals, and the rules of the regiment are, that after they have received their regimentals, they are to remain in that dress.
Q. Did you find that rule broke into, any part of that day? - Yes; I was inthe front room along with other people from seven to eight o'clock, till ten, or after, I cannot be positive to the time; there was one Bradley, who was a watchman at the door, brought that person in to me; he says, sergeant Cooke, do you know this man?
Q. Where did he bring him from? - Out of a passage close djaning to the house. That is the man that he brought, he was dressed in the same clothes as he was brought to me on Saturday, his own clothes. He went up stairs and changed them.
Q. Do you know about what time he went up stairs? - About six or seven o'clock; he had been drinking part of a bottle of wine, and he alledged to be poorly, and he went up stairs, and he took that opportunity of putting his own private clothes on.
Q. Was that man ever robbed of any clothes and money, during the time he was in that house? - Not to my knowledge.
Q. Did he ever, to any body in that house, within your knowledge or hearing, complain of being robbed or ill treated in any respect? - Never.
Court. He was never robbed by you? - Never robbed by me nor any other person, as I know of.
Mr. Knowlys. Do you know captain Bartholomew? - Yes.
Q. What is his christian name? - John, I believe.
Q. Do you know whether he ever see the prisoner, and on what occasion? - He examined him once, on Sunday morning, in my presence.
Q. What is captain Bartholomew? - He is lieutenant in the hundred and seventeenth regiment, and raised to a captaincy in colonel Lost's regiment.
Q. You say you paid the man seven guineas? - I did, before Mr. Warner; he was entitled to nine and a half, but there is three guineas always stopped to provide them necessaries; three shirts, two pair of shoes, four pair of stockings, and a tail, and several other things which they must provide themselves.
Mr. Knapp. Of course every thing that the present prisoner swore on the former trial must be false? - The greatest part of it.
Q. You was the prisoner on that occasion, now he is the prisoner. What was the bounty that he was to receive? - Nine guineas and a half, ten guineas was agreed for, and he was to give me half a guinea; some men we enlist for six, some eight, ten, and fifteen.
Q. If you can get them for less money than the money advertised by his Majesty, you put it in your own pocket? - I do not, it does not go to me on my oath.
Q. If I took you right, the half guinea was to be deducted from ten guineas, and you was to have it?
Mr. Knowlys. You make your agreement with the recruit, and the recruit has the money before the magistrate, before he is attested?(The attestation read.)
Mr. Knapp addressed the court and jury in behalf of the defendant; and six witnesses were called who gave him a good character, and said he was a shoe-maker
.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT
