





132. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     PALMER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d day of February
 last, one pair of shoes, value 2 s. a pair of plated buckles, value 6 d. a knife, value 1 d. a hat, value 1 s. four keys, value 1 s. and three shillings and six-pence in monies
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Motherly
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   MOTHERLY
               



             sworn.
I am servant
 to the Duke of Northumberland. I went out on the 2d of February, with one of our chairmen, to get a pot of beer, about three in the afternoon, to the sign of the Ship, below Charing Cross; we got a little tossicated with liquor; I lost my hat and shoes and buckles, coming from Spring-Gardens


; I cannot tell whether I fell down or lay down, or was knocked down; I cannot say how I was robbed; it was about half past eight at night; I swore to one of my keys.


                  ESTHER
                   BLACKMAN
               



             sworn.
I take in washing, and go out to work; I live in White-lion-street, Seven-Dials; I was going towards Spring-Gardens; I saw the prisoner, and asked him what he was doing to this man; and he said one Jack left him with him, and gave him a glass of gin; I went to Northumberland-House, and brought one of the footmen, and he did not know him in the condition he was in; I suspected the prisoner, and I turned back, and saw him take off his shoes, and run round the corner; I never saw the prisoner before.
How long was this transacting? - There was a light in the shop, and I looked at him very hard, and he looked at me; I am sure he is the man; I saw him about ten minutes after: I told a patrole, and he ran after him and took him at the Horse Guards; and he knocked the patrole down; and he ran as far as York House, and there he was stopped and secured; I did not see him searched.
Was there any person with this man beside? - No.


                  JAMES
                   CHEW
               



             sworn.
I am a patrole. The last witness told me a man was robbed in Spring Gardens, and gave me a description of the prisoner; I pursued him, and overtook him at the Horse Guards; I saw something under his arm; I asked him if he had any shoes? then he gave me a blow, and made off; I called after him; I ran, and a person kicked his heels up; I found a key and a knife in his pocket; there was nothing else that the prosecutor knew.
(The knife and key produced.)
Prosecutor. I can swear to the key, but not to the knife; I had such a knife.


                  JOSEPH
                   NIBLOW
               



             sworn.
I heard the cry of stop thief! and I tripped up the prisoner's heels; and going along, he said he could lick a dozen of us.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I came off guard at twelve, and went out with a friend; and I was coming home, and I found a key and a knife; and this man came up to me, and asked me if I had got a pair of shoes? and I said I had not, and I struck him.
Serjeant Mayne gave the prisoner a very good character, and said he was a good soldier
.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
