





257. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of May
, a cotton gown, value 6s. nine cotton shawls, value 2s. two cotton bed gowns, value 2s. a black silk bonnet, value 6d. a woollen apron, value 6d. a leather purse, value 1d. and ten-pence in money
            , the goods and money of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Paston
                  




               
            .
Mrs. PASTON sworn.
Q. Are you the wife of Charles Paston? - Yes.
Q. Where is your husband? - In the Westminster Militia
.
Q. Where do you reside? - In Pye-street, Westminster


.
Q. Did you lose a cotton gown at any time, and the articles in this indictment? - Yes.
Q. Are you a lodger, or have you a house? - I am a lodger. On Wednesday the 13th of May, Mary Smith came into my room between eight and nine in the morning, and told me she was going toher husband who was in the militia, she said if I had a message to carry to my husband, that she would deliver it as he lay at the same place. I went about my business, and returned between twelve and one in the day.
Q. Did you miss your things when you came back? - Yes. I returned back again for my cloak, because it began to rain, and when I returned for my cloak, I found my door broke open.
Q. About one was this? - Yes.
Q.What door do you mean, the door of your lodgings? - Yes.
Q.Was it padlocked, or how? - Not padlocked, locked inside.
Q. Was it forced out of the staple? - Yes, and the staple was found in the room.
Q. Have you ever seen any of your things again? - Yes; I see my long cotton gown, in the Broad Way, hang up to sell, and two shawls.
Q.At whose house was this? - Mrs. Smith's.
Q. What business does she follow? - Keeps a sale shop.
Q. How soon was that after you missed them? - It was the next day.
Q. Have you seen any of your things besides these? - Yes, my two bed gowns, they were brought to me by a person that had them when she was taken up before the magistrate, and my bonnet she had on her head, and a handkerchief on her neck.
Prisoner. The handkerchief she tore off my neck was my own property.


                  MARY
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I live in the Broad Way, Westminster.
Q.Look at the prisoner, do you know her? - Yes, she sold that property in my shop.
Q. Did you ever see her more than that once? - Not till I see her at the office.
Q. What did she sell you? - A gown and two shawls.
Q.What did you give for them? - Seven and sixpence.
Q. Have you kept them from that time to this? - Yes.
Q.Did she give you any account of them? - She told me she was come from abroad, and was very much distressed for a little money.
Q. Have you any doubt about her person? - None in the least, I have got the property here.


                  JANE
                   NASH
               



             sworn.
I am a single woman, I went to nurse my sister, my sister lays in, and this woman came and sold us three bedgowns, two of which I believe belong to the prosecutrix, and one I believe to the prisoner.
Q. What is your sister? - She keeps a clothes shop, in York street, her name is Bartlett, she lays in at present.
Q. Were you present when they were sold? - Yes.
Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before that? - No.
Q. Are you perfectly sure that is the woman? - Yes, I am certain that is the woman.
Q.Have you kept them from that time to this? - Yes, I have.(Produced.)


                  WILLIAM
                   MESSENGER
               



             sworn.
I am a constable belonging to the police office, Queen-square. On Wednesday, the 13th of May, I heard that a person had committed a robbery, and had gone down the stable yard; I went down the stable yard, and found the prisoner at the bar in custody of Mary Paston; she charged her with robbing her of several things, andthat she had got the handkerchief about her neck. This is the handkerchief that she had got on when I apprehended her.(Produced.)
Prisoner. That handkerchief that that gentleman tore off my neck, and which I gave to the constable afterwards, was my own property.
Q. To Mary Smith. What day was it she sold you these things? - The 13th of May.
Q. To Jane Nash. What day did she sell them to you? - The 13th of May.
Prosecutrix. They are all my things.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
