





265. 
               
                  
                     MOSES 
                     HYAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Brooke
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of twelve at night, on the 7th of April
, and burglariously and feloniously stealing therein thirty pounds weight of raw long human hair, value 12 l. twenty pounds weight of prepared long hair, value 30 l. twenty pounds weight of long raw hair, value 8 l. and twenty pounds weight of short raw hair, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        Thomas Kerr

                     
                  , in the aforesaid dwelling house
            .


                  JOHN
                   BROOKE
               



             sworn.
I live in Finch-lane, Cornhill, and I keep a house in Hoxton, but no regular residence there for a constancy; I am a taylor
. About the latter end of March Mr. Kerr sent to my house several boxes, and a trunk to my house at Hoxton


; they were all safe there, as he left them, on the 1st of April. On the 8th of April I found my house had been broke open; there had been no person lived in it at this time; his boxes and trunk all broke open, and his goods in a very different state to what they were before; on the 23d he came to town, on the 25th we advertised, and printed hand-bills, and was informed that that very morning some had been sold, some to Mr. Byewater, in Golden-lane, and more to Mr. Denham, all goods of the same description; and that a person had applied to Mr. Nightingale, to know if he would take about the exact quantity of goods stolen.
Mr. Knapp, Prisoner's Counsel. On the latter end of March Mr. Kerr sent several boxes to your house at Hoxton? - He did.
How long was it after the latter end of March, that you discovered the house was broke open? - I discovered it on the 8th of April.
Do you swear now that the house was safe on the 1st of April? - Yes, I do.


                  THOMAS
                   KERR
               



             sworn.
On the 1st of April I deposited the goods mentioned in the indictment in the house of Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Brooke
               



             at Hoxton, in boxes and trunks; the trunk locked, and the boxes either nailed or corded: I left them all safe on the 1st of April; Mr. Brooke informed me that the house was broke open; on the 23d I came up and saw I had lost that property; the lock was taken from the trunk, the nails drawn from the boxes, and the goods gone, as mentioned in the indictment; in consequence of that I went to Mr. Brooke, and consulted with him whether it was best to send any bills about to the trade, and stop the sale; I did so: the bills were printed, and came home on Monday morning the 25th, and on the same day I received information that part of the goods had been sold to one Mr. Byewater in Golden-lane, which I have sworn to, by the tie of them; every one has a different method, and the tie has not been altered, and every person is allowed to swear to his own manufacturing; the person that manufactures part of them is my brother, who is here, which were found at Byewater's.
Mr. Knapp. I wish you would be so kind to explain some good reason why youcan swear to this hair? - Besides the hair, I can swear to it by the tie, because I tied it up myself.
Will you swear that there is no other person who sells hair, that could tie the hair exactly the same way as you have done? - I can swear they could not do it so exactly, but I could know my own tie from any other.


                  ARCHIBALD
                   KERR
               



             sworn.
I am the brother of the last witness, I have got the hair which was found at Mr. Byewater's, just in the same proportion, I manufactured some of this myself, and I can swear to my own tie; they are tied with thrums. I cannot swear nobody else ties them so.
- BYEWATER sworn.
Look at that hair? - This hair has been out of my possession, I cannot swear it was it.
Prosecutor's Brother. I had this from Byewater.
Court. Do you know the prisoner? - Yes.
Did you ever purchase hair from him? - Yes.
Was that hair delivered to Mr. Byewater purchased of the prisoner? - I believe it was.
Did you buy a larger quantity from the prisoner? - Twelve ounces and an half, the remainder of it I produced myself.
Kerr. I can swear to part of this being my tying.
Byewater. Mr. Kerr immediately fixed on one of these articles as his property; I have dealt with him for raw hairs, and I have sold him an ounce or half an ounce, but I never bought any of this sort from him before.
Mr. Knapp. Are you sure as to the identity of the prisoner coming to you on the 25th of April, with any hair at all? - Yes, I am positive of it; it was on Easter Monday, it was on the day the bills were printed.
I have witnesses to prove him in another place, therefore I warn you before you give an answer? - It was on Easter Monday, and it was the very day the bills were printed, I am certain of the day.
Court. What time of the day was it that you made the purchase? - I cannot tell the hour, but I know it was before twelve, before dinner.


                  WILLIAM
                   HAZLEBROOK
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner, I knew him before I bought the hair of him, I purchased this hair of him, he came the 22d of April to me, and said he had a large quantity of hair; he asked if I would buy a hundred weight of hair; I asked him to let me see it, and he said as soon as the holidays were over, I should see it; and on Saturday he came with a parcel of hair, and this was among it; I asked him what he would have for it, he said thirty shillings; I gave him a guinea for it, I called my young man to witness paying the guinea; he said, it is my property, why do you call a witness; it was Saturday the 23d of April. He came to my house again the 25th, I bought nothing of him then, but he sold some hair to a person in my shop; it was on the 25th that he sold hair to Mr. Byewater.
You are sure as to the prisoner? - Yes, I know his person well, I was at Mr. Byewater's the 25th, I went with Mr. Brookes and Mr. Kerr; the prisoner was present then.
- DENHAM sworn.
I am a dealer in hair, I purchased this hair from the prisoner on the 25th of April, I am sure it was the prisoner, I bought it in Mr. Hazlebrook's shop at Shoreditch, I am sure it was the 25th, which was Easter-Monday; he asked me half a guinea, I gave him ten shillings.
Kerr. I cannot swear to any of the long hair that has been produced, the ties have been altered, but I believe them to be mine.


                  JOHN
                   NIGHTINGALE
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came to my house, No. 56, Bishopsgate Without, on Monday the 25th of April; I am sure it was the the 25th, it was Easter-Monday, he came to acquaint methat he had a parcel of hair to dispose of; I then asked him when I could see them; he said not until after his holidays, then he would bring them; he mentioned the quantity to be about an hundred, or an hundred and an half: soon after he was gone I received this hand-bill, and he was taken the next morning.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am innocent; they have known me many years; Mr. Brookes swore before the Justice it was his property, and Mr. Kerr said he manufactured it; please to look, I have the hand-bill, and I have evidence to prove I was not the man.


                  JAMES
                   KEYS
               



             sworn.
Mr. Knapp. I believe you went yesterday to St. Bartholomew's Hospital? - I did.
Where did you go to at the hospital? - The Steward's office.
Who is the Steward? - I forgot the gentleman's name, but it is down in the certificate; he examined the book with me belonging to the hospital.
Did you see in those books the name of the prisoner? - I did.
Did you get the certificate, and did you see him write the certificate at that time? - He gave it me, and I saw him write it; this is the certificate which I had from himself.
Court. That is evidence that the name of 
               
                  Moses
                   Hyams
               



             was in the books of the hospital, but I shall not receive the certificate.
When was he discharged by the books? - By the books he appeared to have been discharged the 13th of April.


                  HESTER
                   FRANCIS
               



             sworn.
I am a sister belonging to St. Bartholomew's Hospital; there is a sister to each ward, there are thirty-two wards, thirty-two sisters, and thirty-two nurses; I am a sister to Matthews's Ward, I have been so about seven years, I have been in the hospital as assistant fifteen years.
Do you remember a person of the name of 
               
                  Moses
                   Hyams
               



             being in the hospital? - Yes, he came in the 30th of March, and was discharged the 13th of April.
What was his complaint? - A complaint in his side and his head, no wounds.
He was attended I suppose by the faculty? - Yes.
Look at the prisoner, and see if he is the man? - That is the man, I am positive of it.
And are you sure he came in the 30th of March, and was discharged the 15th of April? - Yes, a better man I never wish to see; I wish I was always treated as well by every man as by him; if I had twenty oaths I would swear it was the same.
That is an additional reason for your remembering him.
Court. Does not it appear by the books of the hospital, the time of the dismission, and the time of the discharge? - I sent him to the steward for the discharge.
Mr. Knapp. Your Lordship sees the indictment charges it to be committed on the 7th, which could not be.
Court. Was the nature of the prisoner's disorder such as confined him to the hospital, and that he could not go out occasionally? - Certainly, the hospital confines them to it, they will not let them go out.
Are those that are in the hospital so confined? - Not without leave of the surgeon or physician, or by a discharge.
But such a leave would be on application given? - Yes, if he asked it, but he never did.
How do you know? - Because I should have known, because he was under a particular gentleman, that is Doctor Pitcairn, and if he had said he had wanted to go out, the doctor would have said, let the sister know when you go out and when you come in.
Will you venture to swear here that this prisoner at the bar was never out of the hospital from the 1st of April to the 8th? - Not to my knowledge he was not.
But he might without your knowledge? - He went down stairs to fetch provisions, we give them leave to do that.

How many persons have you under your care? - Fifteen.
Can you give an account of every thing these fifteen persons did during that week? - When I am present I can, but not otherwise.
Do you believe that that man was in the hospital without going out, from the 1st of April to the 8th? - He was to my knowledge, I know we sent him down stairs, he had his linen washed in the place, so he did not go out for it.
- NIGHTINGALE sworn.
I have known this man some time, I can say nothing only he has been a journeyman barber ever since I knew him.
GUILTY,




               Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
