





84. 
               
                  BENJAMIN 
                  GOLDING
               



             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Dinah 
                        Spencer
                     



                  , widow
, about the hour of three in the night of the 16th of December
, with intent, her goods, chattels, and monies, burglariously to steal, and stealing thirty-one pounds of pigs sat, value 9s. thirty pounds of black-puddings, value 10s. and a hempen bag, value 2d. the property of the said Dinah; a pair of leather boots, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Spencer
                        



                     
                  , and a pair of leather breeches, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Daleman
                  



               
            .


                  DINAH
                   SPENCER
               



             sworn. - I live in Sharp's-alley, Cow-cross


; my house was broke open on the 16th of December, I was alarmed about six o'clock in the morning, it was then dark, I can only prove the property.


                  THOMAS
                   SPENCER
               



             sworn. - I am son to the prosecutrix; I went to bed about half-past twelve o'clock, my sister went last to bed; the windows and doors were fast when I went to bed, the back door that leads into the street was bolted, that was the door that was found open; I got up about half past six, and found the back door open that goes into the yard, that is only upon the latch, it was latched when I went to bed.
Q. How do you get your livelihood? - A.By living with my mother.
Q. How does she get her livelihood? - A.Something in the butchering line; my boots were lying by the fire-side in the kitchen, it was quite dark when I came down in the morning; I know the prisoner very well, I had known him about a month before, he was a servant of mine, I hired him for a fortnight, and my mother turned him away on the Saturday that this happened on the Tuesday.
Jury. Q. In what capacity did you hire him? - A. To do the drudgery; I was to give him two shillings a week to clean the stable, and look after the pigs.
Mrs. Spencer. I lost property to the value of ten shillings, about thirty pounds weight of black puddings, and thirty-five pounds of pigs stare, my son had brought it home the night before.


                  Thomas
                   Spencer
               



            . I had brought home the pigs sat the night before, I gave about 16s. for it, but I believe it was rather more than it was worth.


                  JAMES
                   DALEMAN
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mrs. Spencer; on Friday night, I went to bed about twelve o'clock, I lost a pair of shoes, I left them at the foot of the stairs, and when I came down in the morning, the house was broke open; I have seen a pair of shoes since that are like them, but I cannot swear to them.
ROBERT FRENCH sworn. - The prisoner at the bar, on the 31st of December, brought thirty-one pounds weight of pigs fat from a butcher in Brick-lane, of the name of Watkins; he said, I was to give him a note for it, and the money; I gave him a note, and the money.
Jury. Q. What did you give a pound for it?- A.Threepence a pound, I believe it has been pretty well proved that I gave the value for it.


                  JOHN
                   GASS
               



             sworn. - I am a parish officer belonging to St. Luke's; I was coming up Whitecross-street, on Saturday the 16th, between twelve and one in the day, I heard a cry, that a thief had ran into a slaughter-house, I went in, and seized him, with the black puddings upon him, there were a vast quantity in a large bag; I apprehended him with the boots on his legs, (produces them;) I have had them ever since.
Thomas Spencer. They are very much like my boots, but I cannot swear to them.
Mr. Gass. The prisoner told me where the sat was, at Mr. French's, in Barbican, and he took me to a house in Basket-alley, where the shoes were, he went to the drawer, and took the shoes out, and gave them to me. (Produces the shoes.)
Daleman. I cannot swear to them.
Prisoner's defence. Going across Newgate market, I saw something lying in the market, as I was going to market, I looked at it, and found it was this bag of puddings; I took it home, and kept it till I could not find an owner, and then I sold the sat.




               GUILTY of stealing the goods, but not breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
