






444. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     THOMPSON
                  , otherwise 
BRUCE, otherwise 
ROBERTSON





            , was indicted for feloniously 


               stealing, on the 9th of June
, a pair of leather spring heel shoes, value 1s. 6d. a great coat, value 5s. and a cotton handkerchief, value 4d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Vaughan
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   VAUGHAN
               



             sworn. - On the 9th of June, I sent an errand-boy that I have, John Colverwell, to Mr. Read's, in Gray's-inn-lane, to fetch a great coat and a pair of spring heel shoes, tied up in a white handkerchief with a red border.


                  JOHN
                   CULVERWELL
               



             sworn. - Q. How old are you? - A. Going of ten.
Q. You kissed the book just now, do you know why you did it? - A. No.
Q. Do you know what is required of you when you take an oath? - A. I do not know.
Q. Is it right or wrong to tell a lie? - A. I do not know.
Q. Do you not know that you appeal to God Almighty for the truth of what you say? - A. Yes.
Mr. Justice Buller. We can always judge best from their evidence, whether they are speaking the truth or not.
Culverwell. Mr. Vaughan sent me to Mr. Read's for some things, there was a green striped woman's coat, a pair of spring heel shoes, and two pocket-handkerchiefs, they were tied up in one of them; this woman met me at the top of Long-Acre, and told me I was to go back to Mr. Read's, and fetch an umbrella, and she was to go on to Mr. Vaughan's with this bundle.
Q. Had she asked where you had been? - A. No; she said I must go back to Mr. Read's, and she was to go on to Mr. Vaughan's with the bundle.
Q. Had you been saying any thing to any body that you had been to Mr. Read's? - A. No.
Q. Had you seen the woman before you met her? - A. No.; I went back, and Mr. Read gave me an umbrella, he thought Mr. Vaughan wanted to borrow one; she took the bundle and asked me where she should meet me, and I said I did not know; when I came back again I could not find her.


                  Q. 
               


            (To Vaughan). Did you ever find your things? - A. No.


                  GEORGE
                   DONALDSON
               



             sworn - I am a constable of St. Martin's; I apprehended the woman upon another charge; I found a bundle about her with a a green coat in it; it was given up to her on the 16th, when we were bound over to prosecute upon the other charge; on the 17th I heard of this charge against her; I took her up first on the 9th of June, about a quarter before five, with a bundle, containing a woman's green striped great coat, a pair of spring heel men's shoes, and a white pocket handkerchief with a red border, and several other articles in another bundle; I asked her, in prison, where they were, and she gave me a trifling answer, and said, she did not know where they were.


                  Q. 
               


            (To Vaughan). Describe what these things were? - A. A woman's green striped great coat, a pair of spring heel men's shoes, they were my own.
Q. Was there more than one handkerchief that they were tied up in? - A. No.
Prisoner's defence. I never saw the boy in my days; I know nothing at all of the property; the property that I had with me was my own.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 39.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
