





293. 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     CAREY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of February
, in the parish of St. Mary, Isleworth


, forty pounds weight of leaden pipe, belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Ball
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to his house
            .


                  JAMES
                   BARNES
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter. This house was repairing: it was an empty house. This man came in the morning to work, as usual; he is a bricklayer's labourer
; he had been at work three days, and was discharged; the fourth day, in the morning he took his tools away, and went about his business; he came in the evening lurking, in, and near the house; I saw him then; he was catched in the evening by me, and others; I saw him lay the lead, to take away.


                  THOMAS
                   CHAPMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter. On Friday morning I went to work, as usual, and heard a person walk in the cellar; I steps to meet my master, and told him there was somebody in the cellar; and I heard the water flush in it: my master bid me go in; I went in; and the man was creeping through the joists of the cellar; I stopped while he got up on his feet, and then I collared him; a constable was had; and he was taken to justice Blackborough.
Was the cellar dry when you left it at night? - The leaden pipe lay upon the floor, along the wall, where he stood upon thejoists over the cellar; that had been broke
Did it appear to be newly broke off? - Newly broke off, sixteen feet: the long pipe was never found.
Did you find any leaden pipe about the cellar loose? - Yes.
Was that any part of what was broke off? - No: none of that was in the cellar; this lead, produced, was found in the house, on the floor of the cellar; these were broke off the back of the house, and it corresponded; I compared it; the prisoner was just under it: I can swear to this one piece, for I made a trough to fit it, the day before.


                  JOHN
                   MATTHEW
               



             sworn.
I am a taylor: I was going by the door at the apprehending of this prisoner, and they called me in to assist; and I gave them a light; and they gave a ladder, to go down below, to see if any one else was below: I did not see any thing about the prisoner: the lead lay upon the floor; but whether all this lay there, I cannot positively say.
Was he near the lead or not? - When I came in with the candle I did not see him nigh, because he was under, in the cellar, and the lead was above.
You went in with these two men at night; where was he? - Coming out of the cellar: I found the lead just laying by the place where he broke in at; the boards were nailed down at night and broke open in the morning; I saw it nailed myself.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
As I was going along, at seven o'clock in the morning, I saw two men standing at this door; I thought the carpenters were at work; I went in; and was coming out again, when they came in and opened the door.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 42.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
