





135. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BROOK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of January
, 30lb. weight of hemp, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Atkinson
               



            , 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Atkinson
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  James 
                  Yates
               



            .
JOHN THOMPSON sworn. - I am in the employment of Mr. Watson, who lives in Burr-street; he is a wharfinger, his wharf is at St. Catherine's: On the 19th of January, I loaded two waggon loads of hemp, and sent them to Messrs. Atkinsons, in Mincing-lane; it was deposited in the warehouse, for Messrs. 
               
                  James
                   Atkinson
               



            , 
               
                  Stephen
                   Atkinson
               



            , and James Yates; I have very large dealings with them, and I know those are the partners; I loaded it by the order of Mr. Yates.
Q. Whose waggons were they? - A. They were both 
               
                  James
                   Bryant
               



            's waggons, he lives in East-smithfield.
Q. What time of the day was this? - A. Between ten and eleven.
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A. Yes, he drove Bryant's waggon at that time, he was at the loading of the hemp; I saw the prisoner at the bar drive one of the waggons away from the warehouse, between eleven and twelve; I saw no more of him that day; the next day I saw a parcel of hemp at the office.
Q. He came there to load and take away the hemp, as the servant of Mr. Bryant? - A. Yes; he did.


                  JAMES
                   BRYANT
               



             sworn. - I keep carts and waggons for hire, No. 5, Red-cross-street, Lower-East-smithfield: Mr. Watson's man came to me, and ordered a waggon down, to load a load of hemp; the prisoner was servant to me, and I sent him with the waggon; I went down afterwards and helped to load the waggon; I believe it was on Thursday, the 19th; the hemp was to go to Brook's wharf, for Messrs. Atkinson and Yates, it was to go away in a barge; just as the waggon was loaded, I went to order another, and when I came back with the other waggon, he was gone to get a pint of beer; he had drawn off I suppose about a hundred yards.
Q. Did you see the prisoner there? - A. Yes, in the public-house, and I told him to come out, and go along with the team, which he did.
Q. Was any body with him? - A. I did not send any body with him, nor I did not see any body with him.
Q. Was the waggon standing in it's way to the Wharf? - A. Yes; soon after, I heard from Mr. Needes, that there was a quantity of hemp gone; that was about half an hour after I saw him at the public-house; and then I went with Mr. Needes, and another man that was seen to take it into Brush-alley, in a shed, in East-smithfield, and Mrs. M'Ginnis opened the door of the place; I went in and counted the heads of hemp; there were six of them.
Q. They are loaded by weight? - A. Yes.
Q. What weight might be those six heads? - A. I cannot say; I went after the prisoner to Brook's wharf, and he was almost unloaded; I told him he must go with me to Ayliffe-street, with the team, to take a load and when we got there, there was an officer, and I gave charge of him; then I went back after the other man, and he was run away; the officer has got the hemp here.
- NEEDES sworn. - I am foreman to Mr. 
               
                  Richard
                   Bryant
               



            , he lives at the Strong man, in East-smithfield, I live at 3l, in Dunghill-lane: On the 19th of January, a little after eleven o'clock, I was going up to East-Smithfield, and I saw two or three bundles of hemp tumbled out of Mr. Bryant's waggon; I knew the waggon very well, I did not see any driver with it; it was between the Black-horse and Tower-hill, it was going on; I saw a man pick up two or three heads of hemp.
Q. Did you see the hemp fall from the waggon, or pulled down? - A. I saw two bundles fall out of the waggon.
Q. Who was the man that picked them up? - A. A man that did work for Mr. Bryant at that time; it was the man that ran away, I thought he was the driver; he ran after the waggon, and I thought he was going to put it into the waggon; and as soon as he was got level with the waggon, he ran up an passage with what he had in his arms; I don't know the name of the passage; it is a little narrow passage, goes up between two broker's shops; at the time that he ran up the passage, the waggon stopped, and then I saw the prisoner at the bar go to the fore-part of the waggon, with the whip in his hand, and take a parcel out, and run up the same passage with it, after the other man; I stopped to see whether they came back again, and they were gone about two minutes, and then he drew on his waggon as usual, and the other ran away; I saw them go into a little shed with it; the door was but about eight or ten yards from the street.
Q. Did you see them try to get into the shed, and go away? - A. No; I saw them open the door at once, and come away again.
Q. Did they bring any hemp out with them again? - A. No; the officer has got the hemp.


                  MARY
               


             M'GINNIS sworn. - I live in Brush-alley, East-Smithfield; the prisoner has been a lodger of mine going of three months; the prisoner came to my door with another man that I never saw before, and brought a bundle of hemp; the prisoner asked me to leave it in my room for a few minutes; I told him that my room was very narrow, and there was not room for it; I told him there was the key of the shed, they might put it in there, and I gave him the key; he told me he did not know where the shed was, and I gave him directions to find it; it is at the entrance of the alley; he went away with the key and the hemp, and the other man with him, and he brought me the key again; in about a quarter of an hour, or a little more, Mr. Bryant came to enquire after it, and asked for the key of the shed; the officer came afterwards, and took away the hemp.
Q. How came you to assist him in depositing this hemp? - A. I thought it had fell of his cart, and he would call again for it.
Prisoner. I told her it had fell off my waggon, and I could not keep it on.
Court. Q. Did the prisoner tell you it had fell off his waggon? - A. No.
RICHARD OSBORNE sworn. - I am an officer; I was sent for to apprehend the prisoner; I took him in custody from the team in Ayliffe-street, to the Office, and locked him up, and them I went with Mr. Needes to Mrs. M'Ginnis's shed, in Brush-alley, and found this hemp; I asked her for the key, and she gave it me immediately; (the hemp produced); I weighed it at the Office, there is 30lb. of it.
Thompson. I cannot speak to this hemp being the same that was loaded.
Prisoner's defence. The hemp was dropped from the waggon; it dropped off the hinder part, and the people called out to me that there was somehemp dropped off; and then I threw two of the heads up to the top of the waggon, and just before I got opposite Brush-alley it fell off the waggon again, and I put it upon the shaft of the waggon, and my fellow-servant said, if I was you, I would put it in here where you lodge, and not have any more trouble with it, and call for it as you come back; and I told Mrs. M'Ginnis I would call for it again in a few minutes when I came back; but my master ordered me another way, that I could not call as I came back for it.
Q. (To Bryant.) How long has the prisoner been your carman? - A. About a month, or five or six weeks, I cannot say exactly.
Q. When you saw him at Brook's wharf, did he tell you that he had not brought the whole of the hemp there, or any thing about an accident of its falling out of the waggon and being dirtied? - A. No.
Q. Was the hemp packed in a proper state, without danger of falling out? - A. Yes; it appeared to me to be loaded extremely well.
Q. You received no information from him that it was in this shed? - A. No; Needes knew my waggon, and he told me of it.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMPSON
               



            .
