





435. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM HENRY 
                     WIMPEY
                  



               
             was again 


               indicted for another fraud
            .


                  ANN
                   GRAPE
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came to my mother's shop; I served him: he told me he came from Mr. Mason; it was on the 27th of March; Mr. Mason is a brass-founder; my mother is not here; she knew Mr. Mason, and so did I; he has dealt with her. He said he wanted some large cocks: I asked him, what they were for? He said, they were to go abroad: I heard the apprentice say he had lived with Mr. Mason: he said they were to serve a Captain that was going abroad: he said he wished I could make haste; that the ship was to sail on Sunday morning, and he had but twenty minutes to go home in: I let him have them, becauseI knew Mr. Mason very well: I am sure the prisoner is the man.
Prisoner. I never mentioned a Captain.
Witness. He did.


                  ROBERT
                   BIGGS
               



             sworn.
I am 
               
Mrs.
 
                  Grape
               



            's apprentice: I know the prisoner lived with Mr. Mason; he said he came from Mr. Mason, and he wanted some large cocks; I reached him down nine; he said he wanted nine others for gin kegs; I went to get a dozen for him, and he met me, and I gave them to him in the street.


                  SARAH
                   TYLER
               



             sworn.
I saw the goods delivered to the prisoner.


                  JOHN
                   MASON
               



             sworn.
The prisoner has not been a servant of mine these two years; I did not send him.


                  NOAH
                   WEST
               



             sworn.
I was at work at Mr. Chamberlayne's shop when he came in there, and I saw some cocks there: the prisoner said he had them from Mrs. Grape's; and I knew some of them to be my make.


                  JOSEPH
                   MYERS
               



             sworn.
These cocks were pledged at our house; I did not take them in; I booked them; it was on the 27th of March.
(The cocks produced.)
West. I can swear to the making four of them.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I have nothing to say: I have no witnesses.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
