





619 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PARRY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of July
, two pair of woman's callimanco pumps, value4 s.
             the property of Joseph and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Chamberlayne
                  



               
            .


                     JOSEPH 
                     CHAMBERLAYNE
                  



               
             sworn.
I am a shoemaker
; I lost some shoes from my warehouse the 10th of July, between five and six in the evening; the prisoner was my servant; he was porter
; I suspected him, and I searched him, and found them in his pocket; I had reason to suspect he had been in the habit of robbing me for some time; I had not missed them; I know them to be mine by the mark in them, W. I. C. I know the hand writing in them; it is one of our servants.
Court. Had you given him them to carry out? - No my Lord, I am confident I had not; I asked him, how he could think of behaving so; he said, he meant to pay for them, and that they were to serve a friend of his; I sent for a constable, and delivered the shoes to him.


                  ROBERT
                   NEWMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I received two pair of shoes from Mr. Chamberlayne, and he gave me charge of the prisoner.
CHARLES - sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Chamberlayne, I saw the shoes in the prisoner's pocket in the warehouse; I told my master; he sent him out, and he returned in two or three minutes, and when he came back my master stopped him, and took them from him; they were given to Newman the constable.
(The shoes produced, and deposed to.)
Court to Mr. Chamberlayne. Can you say these were missing? - It is impossible to miss them out of such a quantity that we have.
Do you sell them with this mark on? - Yes.
(The prisoner delivered a petition to the Court.)
Court to prisoner. I cannot comply at all with the prayer of your petition; you are a servant, and ought to have protected your master's property; you must expect a severe sentence.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


