






163. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of April
, five painted paper patterns for floor cloths, value 2s. 6d. thirty three pieces of canvas, containing eighty five yards, value 4l. a yard of painted floor cloth, value 3s. three quarters of a yard of other painted floor cloth, value 2s. three quarters of a yard of ditto, value 2s nine hair brashes with wooden-handles, value 10s. twenty-eight pounds of red lead, value 10s. and three pounds weight of paint, called vegetable green, value 7s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William George 
                     Bates
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Barnes
               



            , widow
.


                  GEORGE
                   WILLIAM BATES
               



             sworn.
Q. Have you any partner? - Yes, 
               
                  Eliza
                   Barnes
               



            .
Q. I believe you are floor cloth manufacturers

? - Yes, we are.
Q. Where is your manufactory? - In Shippey-yard, Trinity Minories


.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - Yes. I have been in that concern three years, and he has been my servant
 ever since, and was before I was in the concern. Between the hours of nine and ten, on the 29th of April, I went down to the manufactory to look after my business, he was then printing a piece of green cloth, which they call India mat, I told him the demands for goods was such that we wished to finish every thing as fast as we could, that there was a piece of cloth that had been damaged in the drawing up after the printing, some months before, and I wished him to mend it as he was using this colour; I apprehended by this reply that he misunderstood me, and he said what piece of cloth, the Italian bat? which was another piece of green cloth; I said no, what is that gone? which on inquiry in the manufactory we found it was gone, and a piece of green cloth also. Having lost goods before, I said we must have got a thief within the premises, on inquiry among the men none knew any thing of it, in consequence of which I went up to the house to Mrs. Barnes, I mentioned the circumstance of our loss, and we thought it advisable then to have a search warrant. I went to the Police office and got a search warrant.
Q.Are those premises out of the city? - They are. I asked for a warrant to search every man's house on which the magistrate told me. -
Q.Did you go with a search warrant to the house of the prisoner at the bar? - I did.
Q. Who went with you? - Mr. Taplin. He keeps a house and lets it out in lodgings, in Buckle-street, Clerkenwell.
Q. How far is that from your premises? - It may be half a mile. On entering the house I see Mrs. Clarke, she appeared very much discomposed.
Q. Did you acquaint her with the nature of your business? - I mentioned it to her. I went into the back yard with Mr. Taplin, seeing her come out of the back yard, and there I saw a sheet with a quantity of unwrought cloth tied up in it; unwrought floor cloth. We call it canvas.
Q. What quantity was it altogether? - About eighty square yards.
Q. How many pieces were there? - I believe there may be thirty or upwards. I told Mr. Taplin these were not the things that I expected to find, I proceeded to the end of the yard, and in the conveniency at the end of the yard, I see a man of the name of Hart. He makes baskets for me, I supply the government with stores.
Q. Did you know whether Hart was acquainted with the prisoner before? - Yes, I have seen him with the prisoner in the factory. Mr. Taplin thought itnecessary to stop Hart, and he proceeded to examine the different rooms, and in the press he found the things mentioned in the indictment. In the press in the attic room, he found there the paper patterns, the vegetable green, the other things were found in the cellar; that is, the red lead and the piece of painted cloth; some of the painted cloth was in the press. In consequence of that we waited till the prisoner came home.
Q. Do you know who the press belonged to? - It was Mr. Clarke's. I left the matter to Mr. Taplin to do as he thought proper.
Q. Did you find any thing besides these patterns? - I left Mr. Taplin to take them out, there were more things.
Q. After you got these things, did you apprehend the prisoner; I waited some time, and the prisoner not coming home at his usual time to dinner, I went to go home, and I met the prisoner in Haydon-square. On his return home, I shook my head and said, I was very sorry for what had taken place.
Q. Did he make any answer to the expression? - He spoke, but in such a low tone, I could not understand him; he then went to his sister's in the same street, and there he waited till I believe Mr. Taplin went and took him, he did not go home. When he came into the house we shewed him the things that were there, and he confessed they were ours.
Q. What he came home afterwards? - Yes, he did.
Q. When did he get to his own house? - It may be a quarter after one.
Q. How long after you see him going towards his sister's? - It might be within the space of half an hour.
Q.First of all, did you, or Taplin in your presence, before he said any thing, promise it would be better for him if he gave you an account of it? - No, when he see these goods, he confessed these goods were ours. These goods in the indictment.
Q. What did he say? - I said I had found out the thief at last, or something at least to that purpose. I said these are not the things that I expected to find, what have you done with the manufactured goods? he said he knew nothing of them; I then promised him, provided he would confess, that I would not go on with the prosecution, then he did confess.
Q. What is the value of them, are they worth ten or twenty shillings? - Yes, they are.
Const. You, I think, have told us that you sent the constable for him? - I went with the constable.
Q. And that after you met him going towards home? - I did.
Q.What, he knew the constable and you were there? - No, he did not know from us. I suppose there were repeated intimations from his own friends.
Q. Then in consequence of these messages you apprehended he was coming? - I did.
Q. The value of the things I see is trifling? - I laid them at twenty shillings the whole. I could not buy them for that money, they cost me more than five guineas and a half.
Q. That you swear? - Yes, they did.
Q. I recollect you told my lord what you said to him, to induce him to confess the property, what did you say? - I did not say any thing to him with respect to these things that are in the indictment.
Q. At the time the promise was made were not the things laying before you? - They were.
Q. Were not you wanting to know the particulars of these things? - No, it was the manufactured goods.
Q. Then he confessed voluntarily? -He did.
Q. This man has been very long in the business? - He has.



                  Q. 
               


            Three years with you, three years with the last lady, and upwards of twenty years with your predecessor? - He has been I believe twenty years in that manufactory He was three years with me, and three years with Mrs. Barnes, who took that manufactory of Mr. Everett.
Q. Then he has been six or seven years and twenty years? - Yes, I believe he has.
Q. He served seven years there? - He did.
Q. I believe he behaved so well that Mr. Everett left him a legacy? - I cannot say I know any thing about it.
Q. Are these the sort of things that you sell in that present state? - No, except the remnants; our property was damaged through inattention, these pieces instead of mending them as he ought to do, he took his knife and cut them in two, and made remnants of them.
Q. You was a stranger to the floor cloth manufactory? - I was a stranger to that, I am a painter by business
Q. He was a capable person for the business in your house? - He was.
Q.Has he ever instructed any other to go on with the business? - Not with the printing part.
Q. Is there not some sort of secret or particular skill in doing it? - None, it requires practice, I have attempted it myself since he was gone.
Q. Looking at these things which are contained in the indictment, can you tell us whether they are your property? - I do not swear to any thing but the paper patterns.
Q.Will you swear to the paper patterns? - Yes, I will
Q. Are these the things which the prisoner used to have in his custody? - No, never.
Q.Then it was not usual for him to take them home for any purpose? - Not by our knowledge of it.
Q. It was not in the course of business to do it? - No.


                  JOHN
                   TAPLIN
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe you are a constable? - Yes.
Q. Did you attend Mr. Bates on this search warrant? - Yes, I did, to Buckle-street.
Q. Tell us what you found there? - A quantity of raw cloth. By entering of Mr. Clarke's house, with Mr. Bates, I met Mrs. Clarke in the passage, seemingly coming from the back yard of the house. Mrs. Clarke seeing Mr. Bates, she ran up stairs; I called to Mrs. Clarke, and told her I had a search warrant for the house. I desired Mr. Bates to go backwards. By opening the door going into the back yard, there laid a large bundle of canvas, tied up in a sheet, in the back yard, just without the door. I and Mr. Bates went further back to the privy, Mr. Bates see one there whom he knew, George Hart. I asked him if he knew any thing of that property that was there? We proceeded then up stairs, and by searching up in the garret, we found some paper parcels, which Mr. Bates took out himself, and some other canvas, up stairs. (They are all here.) There was one piece of canvas found in the parlour, where Mrs. Clarke was sitting, and some paint in the cellar, a pot of red paint, (it is here.) There was a great quantity of paint, but it was very old, and took no notice of. The prisoner's sister came up to Mr. Clarke's house; as soon as she came in doors she was very much alarmed, very much frightened.
Q. In consequence of her coming, what did you do? - I went back with her, and found him there, and took him back to his own house, where Mr. Bates was, and Mrs. Barnes; then I heard Mr. Battes make him a promise.



                  Q. 
               


            Where were those things that were found in the house? - Those things that were found were in the parlour.
Q.Where was the prisoner? - In the parlour in the sight of these things.
Q. Do you recollect any thing passing before Mr. Bates made him any promise? - No, I do not recollect what words he used when he first came into the room.
Q. Then you did not hear any thing before a promise was passed? - No; Mr. Bates told him, that the goods that he had searched after he had not found; that if he would produce those goods, he would look over these things, which, he had no doubt, were his property. That is all know of this case.
Q.What did he mean by looking over? - Meaning to forgive him; I understood as much.
Mr. Wentworth. Do you recollect Mrs. Clarke sending for her husband? - I asked Mrs. Clarke if she had sent for her husband? She said, yes; but Mr. Clarke did not come.
Q. How soon after you went in did she send for her husband? - I cannot be certain; I went into the house about twelve, and I saw him about a quarter past one.
Q. He came? - He did not come to his own house.
Q. He came into the same street? - He did, to his sister.
Q. Then he did not come to his own house, but he called at his sister's till you fetched him away? - Yes.
GEORGE HART sworn.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - Yes.
Q. How long have you been acquainted with him? - I suppose I have known him these twenty years,
Q. I want to know what you know of these goods that were found at the time you were in Clarke's house? - I happened to call that very day promiscuously in the warehouse. Mr. Clarke gave me a key, and desired me to carry this key home to his house, that there were some old things there that he wanted moved out of the way. He said, there was a disturbance in the work shop, and his master might have some suspicion of some things that he had got at his house.
Q.What did you do with the key? - I carried it to his wife.
Q.What was she to do with it? - To remove some things out from up stairs, and carry them to his sister's.
Q. Why were they to be carried to his sister's? - I don't know; he gave me no reason at all.
Q. You said, some little while ago, that his master might have some suspicion? - It was about the things at home, because some things had been missed.
Q. You said something about some old things at home? - He did; he thought his master might have some suspicion, as they were things missed.
Q. Did you go with the key to the wife in consequence of that? - I did.
Q. Did she get any things with this key? - She got the things out of the press, I believe, I know she did, because I see her.
Q.What did she get out of this press? - A good many things; I did not count them. I heard them call them raw cloth. I believe, to the best of my knowledge, them are some of the things, but I cannot particularly swear to them.
Q. What did you do with them after they were produced by the wife? - I did nothing with them; the things were bundled down stairs; I did not carry them down stairs, the woman pushed them down.
Q. Where were they conveyed to? - The things were in the yard, or the passage, I don't know which, because I went back yard. I called at the sister's, to know where Mr. Clarke lived; I had not been there above three times in mylife; I hardly knew which was the door.
Q. What was done with the things? - They were left there, tied up in a sheet.
Q. Who did that? - The woman did it.
Q. Did you help her to do it? - No, I see her do it.
Q. How long had they been packed up before the officer came? - They might be packed up five minutes.
Q. What past when the constable and Mr. Bates came? - When Mr. Bates came, he came backwards, and see me there; so the officer said, he should detain me till Mr. Clarke came; says he, you have brought these things out of Mr. Bates's warehouse? - I said I never brought any thing out of Mr. Bates's warehouse, except the dirt under my seet.
Q. You were carried before the justice? - No, I went to the justice, but I was not asked a question there.(The things produced.)
Bates. These patterns are ours; no person in the world has the patterns besides ourselves; the prisoner printed them in the warehouse himself.
Q. Do you swear to the floor cloth? - I do not; but these are not in a saleable state; It could never have been sold.
Q. Do you then believe, without undertaking to swear pointly, that they are your property? - Yes, I have reason to believe so.
Q. Is that canvas the same as you use? - It is.
Q. Is he empowered to take home canvas? - On no account whatever.
Q. With respect to the red lead, that has no mark by which you can swear to it? - No; I am very tenacious what I swear to.
Mr. Const. I believe you have twenty times said, that you swear to nothing, but the paper patterns, what value do you put on them? - At the Police office I put them at a shilling.
Q. You say they were of his own striking? - They were.
Q. Is it unlikely for a man who strikes a pattern of his own making, not to take a duplicate? - I found patterns at his sister's; he has been treated indeed as a brother through the whole of the business.
Q. I believe you know that he has traded with other people, and had the articles of you? - He has.
Q. In this shilling you value his time? - Yes.
Mr. Knowlys. Did you miss such patterns as these? - We had different impressions struck off, and at different times, we could not tell where they were gone.
Prisoner. I have only this to say, that Mr. Bates always asked me to print them patterns, and when I printed them I always printed a set for him, and one for myself, and my set was on my own paper.


                  ELIZABETH
                   BURKITT
               



             sworn.
I live in Buckle-street; I have known the prisoner many years, he is a very sober honest man, and a very industrious man; I was at the house when Mr. Bates was there, and Mr. Clarke came home; Mr. Bates told him to look at these cloths; Mr. Clarke told him that the cloths was not his; Mr. Bates told him, that if on condition he would say the cloths were his, he would forgive him, he would not expose him, but he could never more expect to work in his warehouse; Mr. Clarke made answer directly, that on those conditions he would say the cloths was his; Mr. Bates directly said, you have confessed to this, but there is something else; Mr. Clarke made answer, and said, he knew nothing of any thing else, he never saw nothing; Mr. Bates made answer that was enough, he did not doubt but that all the men in the warehouse were alike, but he would punish him for an example to the rest.

Mr. Knowlys. What is your name? - Elizabeth Burkitt.
Q.And you are sister to the prisoner at the bar? - Yes, I am.
Q.So that past when Mr. Bates and Mr Taplin were present? - Yes, and Mr. Hart was at the time present likewise.
Q. All these three persons were present, and Mr. Bates said, now, if you will own that these cloths are mine, I will forgive you? - He did, indeed; and I said directly to Mr. Clarke, do say they are his; then directly he said, then I will say they are your's, take them; but he directly said, that is not all, you have confessed to these, but there is something else; says my brother, I know nothing else.
Q. He was taken immediately to the magistrate's? - He was.
Q. You went with him? - I did.
Q. Then you found that Mr. Bates was so far from forgiving him, that he did not forgive him? - No, he was for persecuting him very violent indeed.
Q. So then as you went before the justice, you told this story there? - No, I did not; I was asked no questions there.
Q.Then you did not tell them at the magistrate's that Mr. Bates had promised to forgive your brother? - No, I did not.
Q. Are you sure that your brother did say that that cloth was Mr. Bates's? - O, yes, he did.
Q. Because Mr. Bates has forgot it? - He said, I will say on them conditions, them are your's.
The prisoner called five witnesses who gave him a very good character.
Mr. Knowlys to Bates. Did you at the time that the man was in his house, say to him, if you will confess that cloth to be mine, I will forgive you? - I did not.
Q. Did the prisoner say, on these conditions, then I do own the cloth to be your's? - He did not.
Q. To Taplin. Did you hear Mr. Bates say to Clarke, if you will own to the cloth being mine, I will forgive you? - I did not.
Q. Did you hear the prisoner say, on these conditions I do own that cloth to be your's? - I did not.
Mr. Const. Did you attend to the whole of the conversation between them? - I did not; I was backward and forward, I did not attend at all.
Q. Therefore it might be said, and you not hear it? - It might.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 38.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
