






732. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ROBINS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARDING
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of September
 last, two pair of hempen sheets, value 40 s. four cotton pillow cases, value 5 s. two cotton tablecloths, value 9 s. two napkins, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Petrie
               



            , Esq
; and a cambrick handkerchief, value 1 s. the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cable
                  



               
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  GEORGE
                   FITCH
               



             sworn.
I live with Esq. Petrie; I drive his cart; he lost the things in the indictment, of Friday, the 17th of September; I was coming from Mr. Petrie's country house,at Navestock in Essex, between eight and nine in the evening; it is nineteen miles from Whitechapel: I set off between four and five, and was in Broad-street, St. Giles's


; and Mr. Johnson called to me, and asked me if I had lost nothing out of the cart? I said, not that I know of; I looked in the cart, and the bundle of linen was gone; it contained the things in the indictment; I saw the bundle in the cart, for the last time, about the middle of Holborn: there was a large box and other things; I rode on the box; it was a market cart; there was no cover; any body might jump behind, while I was minding my horse.


                  ROBERT
                   JOHNSON
               



             sworn.
I am a child's pump maker. I lived then facing the prisoner Robins; I live now in Drury-lane; I was obliged to move through threats; I saw the two prisoners (I passed them, and they passed me again) by the George and Blue Boar, and crossed the way; I continued on the left hand; and by Bloomsbury, they crossed to my side; and by Smart's Buildings I saw them look into the tail of a cart which was going on; and in Broad St. Giles's, they crossed again, jumped off the pavement into the coach-way, and on the tail of the cart, and took a white bundle, the contents of which I do not know; they both jumped up to the tail of the cart; they ran up a dark street, and we lost sight of them; they went up Vine-street; then a gentleman who saw it, and me, stopped the driver; the prisoners were taken the same night; I believe it was moon-light; it was not dark; I am sure of them both; Robins I lived opposite to, but never spoke to him in my life; I might be ten or fifteen yards off; there were numbers of persons passing.


                  CHARLES
                   JEALOUS
               



             sworn.
On the 17th, near ten at night, Johnson and a boy gave me information; I went with him to No. 4, Peter-street, Saffron-hill: I asked if the prisoner Robins was at home? I was going up, and he came out of the one pair of stairs; I laid hold of Robins; and in that room I saw the prisoner Harding; and this bundle was in two separate parcels; and I took it and them away; the witness Fitch was with me.
Court to Fitch. Did you see both these prisoners there, and the property? - Yes.
ELSPAT JAMES sworn.
(Deposed to the things, living with Mr. Petrie.) I was then in the country, and packed this linen.
Prisoner Robins. I know nothing about taking the things out of the cart.
Prisoner Harding. I was just come into the room to measure Mrs. Robins for a pair of shoes; I know nothing of the robbery.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
