





297. 
               
                  MARY 
                  WILSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of July
, a woman's woollen cloak, value 4 s. a child's linen cap, value 1 d. a child's flannel petticoat, value 3 d. a shift, value 3 d. a gown, value 6 d. a piece of linen called a pin cloth, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Patrick 
                     Murphy
                  




               
            .


                  JUDITH
                   MURPHY
               



             sworn.
On Wednesday fortnight I left the child in the prisoner's care, while I went to sell my goods; I returned between eight and nine, I missed the child out of the cradle, and the cloak, I went out to the watchman; the child was six months old. I lost the child and the things in the indictment. The child was found on Friday in Shoreditch, and all the things were on the child except the woollen cloak, which was at a pawnbroker's. He is not here, nor any body from him.


                  SARAH
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
On Friday afternoon the prisoner came to my house in Kingsland-road, and begged me to give her some bread for her and the child; I said it was not her's, she said it was; then she said it was her daughter. I had had a hand bill about two hours before, and I sent for a constable, and took the prisoner into custody; and took care of the child, and delivered it to the father.


                  PETER
                   MASON
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner, I did not search her; she told me she pawned the cloak in Rosemary-lane; I went there with the prosecutor's wife.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
She bid me look after the child, and said I might take the child out as usual; many a time have I got a bit of bread, and brought it home to the child.



               GUILTY
            .
Prisoner. I am sixty-three.
Court. Whatever her age is, this is acrime of a very serious nature, this stealing of children, she must be sent abroad.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
