





524. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BASKERVILLE
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of June
, a watch, value 2 l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Freers
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  EDWARD
                   FREERS
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Freers
               



            , I am his brother and clerk; he is a pawnbroker
. On the 15th of this month the prisoner at the bar came into the shop, desired to look at a watch that was marked three guineas and a half.
Q. Had you known him before? - I had not, but I am positive it is the same, he was in the shop for the space of twenty minutes; I shewed him the watch; he did not approve of that watch; he desired to look at another that was marked three guineas, which I shewed him also; he did not approve of that; I shewed him another which was marked three guineas; then he asked to look at a metal watch; the three first were silver watches, I shewed him a metal watch; he did not approve of it; then after some hesitation he agreed for the first I shewed him, for which he was to give three guineas; he desired then to look at a chain; I shewed him two chains, a steel one and a metal one, and he did not approve of either ofthe two chains, he said there was a particular chain in the corner of the window which he should like to look at; at this time I had put up two of the watches out of the five which I shewed him first, and there remained three on the counter; when I turned myself about he said there was a chain which he would wish to look at, and he said he would go to the outside and point to it, he went outside to point to it as I thought, and I turned myself about and missed the watch, and the prisoner, and not seeing the prisoner I jumped over the counter to go into the street, and I could see nothing of the prisoner. Hearing of a robbery of the same nature I attended at Bow-street, at the examination, and I knew the prisoner, on Monday evening last; he had on the very same dress as he had on at the time he came into our shop.
Q. You never found the watch? - Never.
Mr. Hosty. Did you see him take the watch off the counter? - No.
Court. Was there any body else in the shop? - Yes, but not at that part of the shop where the watches were shewn, there were customers pledging, and two or three more people of our own.
Mr. Hosty. How long was he in the shop? - A quarter of an hour or twenty minutes; I was principally engaged with him, I took particular notice of him when I took two of the watches to hang them up; I have no doubt as to his person.
Q. You say you took down five and put up two? - I did.
Q. There were other people in the shop? - They were, but not in that part of the shop, there is a projection in the shop.
Jury. Was there any counter between where the people were pledging and the prisoner? - There was not, there was a partition about the distance of two yards.
Court. Did any of the other people run away? - No.


                  JAMES
                   HANCOCK
               



             sworn.
I know no more than coming promiscuously from St. Martin's-court towards Leicester-fields, at the end of Bear-street, I took the prisoner into custody.
Prisoner. I was in the shop I own; I went to look at a watch, but when I went out to look for the chain I found I had not money enough in my pocket, and there was an elderly man in a black coat, that went out before me.



GUILTY,
Of stealing but not privately. (Aged 22.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
