





667. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SALMON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of July
, a man's hat trimmed with silver lace, value 1 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Dutch
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD
                   DUTCH
               



             sworn.
I was carter
 to Mr. 
               
                  Robert
                   Fuller
               



            ; I was unloading my master's waggon the 29th of July, at one o'clock in the morning in Paternostor-row


; being a very warm morning I pulled off my hat and laid it down on the bottom of the waggon, and I turned round so and missed my hat.
Q. Did you see any body near the cart? - I never see any body meddle with it; I ran down Ivy-lane, I enquired of the watchman if he see any body come along with a sliver laced hat, he said he had just seen two men come a pace; then I went on directly into Newgate-street, and I asked the watchman at the corner, and he said he saw two men with something under their arms, and I went on down further, and asked of a watchman and he said there were two men just gone into the market, and one of them had something under his arm, I asked him if he would go into the market with me? he said he would follow me, and before we got into the market we met the two men coming out, that he said were the men that went in, and I took the man that had the hat, myself, who is the prisoner that stands there, he was coming out of Newgate-market, I stopped the prisoner, I asked him if he had not got a hat belonging to me? he said no, I said if you have not got him you know where he is, with that the watchman that stood by said, I don't know what we can do in it; then my lord I should have let the man went, but he said I had better been in Paternoster-row than holding him by the collar, and that gave me a greater suspicion.
Q. How far was this from your waggon? - This was in Rose-street, and my horses were down in Paternoster-row.
Q. Had you said any thing about Pater-noster-row? - No.
Q. Did you ever find your hat? - Yes.
- SADLER sworn.
I am a gardener; I am just turned of thirteen; I live with Mr. Fuller. Aboutone o'clock in the morning of Monday the 29th of July I saw two men run by with the hat; it was a white laced hat.
Q. Which way did they run? - They ran up to the top of Ivy-lane into Newgate-street.
Q. Did you know either of these men? - No, I did not, I know the prisoner, he was the person that had the hat.
Q. How do you know that, was it light enough? - Yes it was quite a moonshine morning, I saw the men.
Q. You saw two men run up Ivy-lane into Newgate-street.
Q. What became of them afterwards, did you see them stopped by the waggoner? - I did.
Q. Are you sure that the man that was stopped by the waggoner was the same man that run by with the hat? - Yes, it was a very few minutes afterwards.
Prisoner. Do you remember seeing me in Newgate-street at all my little man? - Yes, I see you run up to the top of Ivy-lane into Newgate-street.


                  JAMES
                   EARL
               



             sworn.
I am the watchman in Newgate-market; I heard a noise about a person losing a hat, but I saw nothing of it, and I heard that they were taken to the watch-house, after which I went round with my lanthorn to see if I could find the hat; there was a private watchman that thought he had seen them plant it and I found it in a very obscure place, at a corner in the market, at a cobler's stall; it was laying in the manner it is now, and these here china cups and saucers and bason were laying close by it on some straw; as soon as I found it I went up to the watch-house, and there was the prisoner and the officer of the night. (The hat deposed to.)
- sworn.
I am the officer of the night, I only took the charge when it was brought into me.
Prisoner. I had a dog with me and he broke away from me, and went up into Newgate-market, I hunted about for him five or six minutes or more; I was coming away into Newgate-street and some men called to me and asked me if I had seen any thing of a hat? I said I had not, and he brought this gentleman, and he said he had lost a hat, he said if I would tell him where it was he would let me go; I told him that I wanted to go about my business. My master was here very late last night, but he is not here now.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
