





507. 
               
                  
                     CHRISTIE 
                     STARLING, otherwise 
LOWE





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of October
, a watch, value 2l. 10s. a watch-key, value 1s. and a quarter of a yard of ribbon, value 1d. the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Smith
                     




                  , privily from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   SMITH
               



             sworn. - I am a serjeant in the guards
; I was at the Wheatsheaf public house, in Tothill-street


, on Monday, the 21st instant, about ten o'clock at night, in company with the prisoner and some more women.
Q. Were you in private with the prisoner? - A. Not in that house, I was afterwards. I went out to go home, and she went with me a little way, and then left me; in about ten minutes afterwards I missed my watch; I did not know positively where the place was that night; the next morning I went to her lodgings, I told her I had lost my watch, and I told her if she did not confess it, I would take her up; and then I went and got a constable, and took her to Queen-square; the watch was produced the next morning by the pawnbroker.
Q. Were you sober? - A. I had been drinking; but I was not so drunk but I knew what passed.


                  HENRY
                   MARSDEN
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Queen-square; on the 22d, the prosecutor came to me, in consequence of which I apprehended the prisoner at the Three Elms, in Great Queen-street, Westminster. I searched her; I went with her to her lodgings, and found a duplicate of a watch, pledged at Mr. Wright's in the Almonry.


                  THOMAS
                   FISHER
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Wright, a pawnbroker; (produces a watch); I took in this watch of 
               
                  Jane
                   Speed
               



            , on the 22d of October, about ten in the morning, for a guinea and a half.


                  JANE
                   SPEED
               



             sworn. - The prisoner came into my apartments, between nine and ten o'clock, last Tuesday was a week, in the morning; she produced a watch, and asked me to get a little money upon it; I asked her whose it was, and she told me it belonged to a friend that wanted a little money. I went to Mr. Wright's, where I always go with any thing of my own, I got a guinea and a half.
Q. How came you to pawn it in your own name? - A. I did not know it was any thing amiss, and I gave her the money.
Prosecutor. I know this watch to be mine, by the number and maker's name; I had broke the the chain inside, the watch-chain, by winding it up.
Q. Was it impossible that the watch could fall out of your pocket? - A. Yes; I had a deep fobpocket.
Prisoner's defence. The prosecutor was as drunk as a beast could be; and he gave me the watch to pawn, and said he would be back in an hour, and sleep with me all night, as he and I have known one another some time.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who had known her from her infancy, and gave her a very good character.
GUILTY (Aged 25.)




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. BARON THOMPSON.
