





353. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WARD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of April
, one piece of worked lawn, value 50 s. six pieces of thread lace, value 50 s. three table spoons, value 30 s. and the rim of a buckle, value 1 d. and one ring, value
             the property 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Tate
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   TATE
               



             sworn.
I am an upholsterer
 in Jermyn-street


. On the 2d of April, I missed three table spoons; we missed nothing else till the boy went over to the pawn-broker.


                  THOMAS
                   REDDISH
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mrs. Rochford, in Jermyn-street: I received three spoons from him, the 25th, 27th, and 30th of March; one on each day; I lent five and six-pence, three shillings, and four shillings; they have been in my custody ever since.
(Produced.)


                  WILLIAM
                   VAUGHAN
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mrs. Rochford, in Jermyn-street: I took in these things.
Mr. Garrow. Open them, and let us see them? - There are six yards and a half of new worked lawn, and six yards of blond lace, make of silk; I lent twelve shillings on them: he asked a guinea: I was convinced they were not worth a guinea.
Did you at the time (you now say on your oath) believe that lace and lawn be not worth a guinea? - I do.
What name did he pledge them in? - In the name of 
               
                  Ann
                   Tate
               



            : I am sure he is the person that pledged them.


                  THOMAS
                   CARPMEAL
               



             sworn.
I searched the room the prisoner lodged in: he was a servant
 in the house; I found this ring and buckle in the prisoner's breeches; he said the breeches were his.
(Prosecutor deposes to the spoons by the cypher R. A. I.
Mr. Garrow. Look at the blond lace? - I know this to be my property by the corresponding numbers in my book.
Is there any mark upon it? - There are particular numbers on the cards; they are not my writing.
Had you lace of that sort which you missed? - I had; and particularly done up in one parcel, to put by, which I not immediately wanted; they would not have been wanted till next Midsummer.
Do you think it a hard bargain to lend a guinea on them? - I suppose, to speak within compass, they cost me above forty shillings: the lawn probably is worth three guineas; I would not so particularly swear to the lawn, as they were all wrapped up together; and the pawn-broker's boy confessed he had taken them all.
Were there any promises made to him? - There was no promise or threat.
What did he say? - He said he had been a very bad wicked boy, and had taken the spoon, but confessed to nothing more: I repeated the question, I believe, fifty times: when these things were produced, he then owned he had taken them; I believe he confessed all the things that Carpmeal has; I recollect seeing Mrs. Tate wear this ring very frequently.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
