







153. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BRYANT
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GRIST
                  , otherwise 
BUTLER GRIST




            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PARSONS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault on the King's highway, on 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hudson
                     




                  , on the 18th of January
, and putting him in fear, and feloniously taking from his person, and against his will, a steel watch chain, value 6d. a stone seal, set in silver, value 1s. two base metal watch keys, value 2d. a canvas bag, value 2d. four guineas, and a bank note No. 6,481, dated, London, 5th December 1793, value 20l. the property of the said 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Hudson
                     



.


                  THOMAS
                   HUDSON
               



             sworn.
I live at Sunbury


. When this happened I was going to my lodgings, at Sunbury; I was coming from the George in the same place; it was between eight and nine o'clock the 18th of January.
Q.Was you alone? - Yes, and I was robbed.
Q. Did you see any persons coming up to you? - Yes; the prisoner 
               
                  Thomas
                   Bryant
               



             came behind me, I saw him as he was going away with the property, he took the money out of this left hand pocket, and snatched the chain away.
Q. Did he say any thing to you? - Nothing.
Q. In what manner was your money, loose, or in a purse? - In a purse.
Q. Did the chain break of your watch? - Yes.
Q. What money was in the purse? - The two notes and four guineas.
Q. What notes were they? - A twenty pound note, and a ten pound note.
Q. Do you know the number of them? - I do not.
Q. Have you seen the notes again? - Yes.
Q. Did you know them to be your's? - Yes.
Q. How do you know that these notes were in your purse at that time? - I had received them about twelve o'clock that same day, just after twelve.
Q.What was it that you perceived the prisoner Bryant doing, when you first observed him? - I observed him going away with it, that was the first I observed of him.
Q.Was any body with him at that time? - Nobody.
Q. Did he take the money before he broke the chain, or after? - Both done at the instant.
Q. What then did you pursue him? - I did not; I went home to my lodgings.
Q. How far was this from your lodgings? - About two hundred yards, as nigh as I can guess.
Q. Did you do any thing that same night? - I did not.
Q. When did you see any thing of him again? - Not till he was taken; he was taken on Sunday morning, I believe.
Q. What day of the week was this? - The 18th of January, Saturday night, I saw him the next day, he was in the cart going to the justice of peace.
Q. Then you had not seen any other person that night? - No.
Q. Then you know nothing of the two other prisoners at the bar? - Nothing.
Q. What fort of a night was this? - It was a moon light night.
Q. Had you ever seen Bryant before? - Yes, I knew him before.
Q. Are you sure that you had opportunity enough of discerning him? - Yes, I had.
Q. So as to be sure that he is the man? - Yes.
Q. Did you know where he lived? - I believed he lived at the gentleman's hot house where he did work, he was a gardener.
Q. How long had you known him by fight? - A twelve month.
Q. How was he dressed at that time? - I think he had got a coat on, I will not be sure about it, he had no hat on.
Q. You did not speak to him at that time? - I did not, nor he to me.
Q.How came you not to take him up that night? - I gave the alarm at the place where I lodged.
Q. Did any body go from your lodgings after him? - Yes, the constable did.
Q. You did not go yourself after him? - No, never went at all.
Q. Did you mention his name when you gave the alarm? - Yes.
Q. When was it that you either saw your notes again, or your purse? - I saw the purse, I think six days after I lost it, it was found in Mr. Richardson's garden, he lives at Sunday. The gardener is here that brought the purse, his name is 
               
                  Solomon
                   Rose
               



            .
Mr. Knapp. Pray what are you? - I am a gentleman independent, live on my fortune.
Q.Perhaps you have heard that if these men are convicted, there is forty pounds reward? - No, I never heard any thing about it, on my oath.
Q. Mr. Hudson, will you be good enough to tell the Court and Jury where you had been this night? - At the George.
Q. What time did you go there? How long had you been there? - I think I had been there two hours; I went there between seven and eight o'clock; this matter happened between eight and nine; I had not been in quite two hours.
Q.Perhaps being in a public house all that time, of course you drank a little? - I had a pint or two of beer, I had no more than two pint or three pints of beer.
Q. Upon your oath had you no more than three pints of beer? Now try and recollect yourself again, and see whether you can recollect yourself drinking seven pints of beer? - No, I cannot recollect any thing about it, I had no more than three pints of beer, and paid for no more.

Q. Had not you seven pints of beer? - No.
Q. Then if any body was to come and swear that you had seven pints of beer it would be a falsity? - It would.
Q. Perhaps you might have had some other liquor? - I had not.
Q. No gin? - No, no gin at all.
Q. Then if any witness was to swear that you had gin, there he would swear false? - Yes.
Q. I take it for granted that you will take on yourself to swear that you was not drunk? - I was drunkish, a little fresh and that was all.
Q.Had you been drinking any thing before you came to this public house? - I had been drinking rum and water at Hampton. I drank two three pennyworths of rum and water
Q. No gin that night? - No, no gin at all.
Q. Was not you mortally drunk when you went out of this public house? - No, I was not
Q.Then you had a perfect recollection of what past? - Yes.
Q. Now you told the gentlemen of the jury that you was drunkish. Will you state that you have as perfect a recollection of what passes drunk as sober? - I have got as good a memory drunk as sober. I have a very good memory.
Q. And it is helped by liquor; when you get half seas over it is brushed up? - Yes; I recollect this transaction very well.
Q. Do you mean to let these gentlemen understand that being in liquor, your memory was better than at any other time? - I recollect it very well.
Q. Do you mean that you recollect it better because you had liquor? - No, that is not what I mean.
Q.Bryant, you say, you knew before? - Yes.
Q.Had he been drinking with you? - No, he had not.
Q. I believe Bryant was taken up at his own lodgings, was not he?
Court. He was not present at his apprehension.
Mr. Knapp. Have not you heard that he was found at his own lodgings? - Yes, I have heard so.
Q. So that he went home after having committed this robbery? - Yes.
Q. And there he was found? - Yes.
Q. Will you state to the Court and Jury how you can speak to the person of Bryant? Was he behind you or before you? - He was behind me; I saw him as he committed the robbery perfectly well, as he was turning away from me.
Q. It was not till after he committed the robbery that you saw him? - He did not meet me, he was behind me.
Q. You stated to my lord just now that you knew 
               
                  Solomon
                   Rose
               



            ? - Yes, I believe he is in Court.
Q. Don't you know that he is subpocnaed on the part of the prisoner? - Yes, I know he is.
Q. Where was he at this time? - I don't know.
Q. Do you know Mr. Hansel? - Yes, I know him.
Q. If Mr. Hansel was to come here and say that you was so very drunk that you had no recollection about what passed he would say false? - Yes, certainly.
Q. I take it for granted you always fixed on Bryant? - Yes, I am certain of that.
Q. Do you know a person of the name of Henry Hopton? - Do I know him? yes.
Q. Being so certain of Bryant you never fixed on Hopton as committing the robbery? - No, I never fixed on Hopton at all, I fixed on Bryant.
Q. He is here? - Yes, I believe he is here.

Q.Then if all these witnesses come and tell the Court and Jury that you was in a state of intoxication, so much, so that it was impossible that you should recollect the person of any body, every one of them must speak false? - Yes, they must speak false.
Q. You say you live on your property? - I do.
Q. You never heard since you was robbed that there was forty pounds reward, on the conviction of a highway robbery? - No, not at all; never in my life.
Q.Have not you been in company with thief takers, or constables, since you have been here? Darts and Hawkins have been with you? - Yes.
Q. Have you ever learned of them that there was any reward on this conviction? - No.
Q. Was you ever in a criminal court before? - No, never in my life.
CHARLES HAWKINS sworn.
I am a baker, at Sunbury. I received information concerning this matter on the 18th of January, from one Doctor Hansel, at Sunbury; in consequence I went and searched several public houses, this was on Saturday night between eight and nine o'clock.
Q. Did you apprehend any body that night? - I apprehend Grist first at his father's house at Sunbury; then I apprehended Bryant in bed, in Mr. Richardson's, back of his place at his hot house, he was a gardener at Sunbury; I took them all the same night.
Q. Did you find any thing on either of the prisoners? - No, I did not find any thing on them; I took Grist to the cage; when I came back his father wanted to know where he was; I went with him to the cage, I heard Grist tell his father that he did not do the robbery, it was Bryant did the robbery. I took him before the magistrate in the morning, I found nothing on any of them, but Bryant told me where the property was.
Mr. Knapp. What did you say to Bryant before he talked about where the property was? - I said nothing, only insisted on searching him.
Q. Did not you tell him it would be better for him? - I did not, it was repeated to him, but I did not say it.
Q. Did not you hear some body tell him that it would be better for him? - No, I do not recollect I did.
Q. On your oath, don't you know that somebody said, in your hearing, that he had better tell the truth, or something of that sort? - There may may be such words pass, but I do not recollect any thing of the kind.
Q. But you recollect the other part of the story, why don't you recollect that? upon your oath did it or did it not pass? - I do not recollect.
Q. Will you swear that some person, in your hearing, did not say so? - I don't know about the particulars of it.
Q. You may as well, on this case, speak the truth, will you swear that such conversation did not pass; that there was expressed a promise of favour if he would confess? - I cannot tell particularly.
Court. Was there any talked of shewing him favour, because he was a young man? - Yes, there was somebody told him that if Mr. Hudson got his property they dare say he would forgive him.
Q. Did you get any part of the property that was claimed? - Yes, I found it.
Q. Where did you find it? - In the third, the further shed, on the second beam at the back of Mr. Richardson's hot house, I found there the two banknotes, one twenty pound and ten pound, and the purse has been found since.
Q. How came you to look for them there? - Bryant told me to search there for them. In the first place he told me he had thrown them over the hedge; I told him I was sure he had not thrown the property away, and I insisted on searching of him; then he told me if I would go and look where I afterwards did, that I should find the two notes there.
Q. Did he tell you the second beam in this shed? - He did, under a board in the hot house.
Q. What did you do with the bank notes? - I took them before the magistrate; I have got them now.
Prosecutor. I know these notes by this paper that they were wrapped in, being my own figuring, and my brother's; they were wrapped up in that paper when I put them in my purse.
Hawkins. That is the paper they were in.
Court to Prosecutor. You had taken these notes that day? - Yes.
Mr. Knapp to Hawkins. What are you besides a baker? - A constable.
Q. Did you see the prosecutor that night? - Yes.
Q. What time did you see him? - About nine o'clock.
Q. He was quite sober, was not he? - No, I do not say he was.
Q.Was not he very drunk? - He was not so drunk as what a man may be, he was capable of walking home.
Q. And a very good way too; perhaps you have heard of a forty pounds reward? - Yes, but I don't want it.
Q. There are three forties if these men are convicted? - I did it for the good of the parish where I live in.
Q. Do you know Mr. Hansell? - Yes, he was the man that gave me the charge.
Q. Did not he tell you that Hudson was very drunk? - No.
Q. Do you know Mr. Hopton? - Yes.
Q. You did not hear him charge Hopton with being the person that robbed him? - No, I did not.
Q. Now my lord has asked you about this shed; he worked for Mr. Richardson, did not he? - He did.
Q. There are other workmen employed in the same place? - There are most an and in gentlemens gardens.
Q.Don't you know there are other servants? - If I was to take my oath, to be sure I should say there was.
Q. Bryant was found at home? - Yes.
Q. You apprehended him in his own bed? - Yes.
Q. He had not run away after committing the robbery? - He had not.
Q. Any body else might have put the notes there for what you know? - Yes.
- DARK sworn.
I know no more only picking up the watch chain; I found it on Sunday morning, near the place where Mr. Hudson was robbed, between the George and Mr. Hudson's lodgings, in the high road; I picked it up about seven o'clock.
Q. Have you got it here? - I gave it to the constable.
Hawkins. I have kept it ever since.
Prosecutor. I am sure that is the chain, I know the seal, the chain was broke off by the swivel.
Mr. Knapp. Did you see the prosecutor that night? - Yes.
Q.Was he drunk or sober? - I think he was rather in liquor.
Q. Not so drunk that he could not recollect any thing that he was about? - I am not used to the person, I cannot swear either one way or the other.


                  SOLOMON
                   ROSE
               



             sworn.
I live with squire Richardson.

Q.Did you find any purse, and where? - I had the purse given to me, our carter found it.
Mr. Knapp. Do you know the prisoner Bryant? - Yes, I know them all
Q. They were all taken in the parish of Sunbury? - Yes.
Q. You see the prosecutor this night of this supposed robbery? - Yes.
Q. What did you observe with respect to the sobriety of the prosecutor, was he sober? - He was very much in liquor indeed.
Q. Do you think from the appearance of him, he was sober enough as to be able to swear to the identity of a person, the consequence of which was to take away his life? - No, I should think not.
Q. What character has Bryant maintained in the neighbourhood where this offence happened? - A very good character for honesty.
Prisoner Bryant. I have got no more to say than I am very innocent of the matter.


                  HENRY
                   HOPTON
               



             sworn.
I am a gardener, I live at Sunbury, where all the prisoners live.
Q. Do you know Hudson, the prosecutor? - Yes, he lives on his means.
Q. Do you remember seeing him on Saturday night, the night this affair happened? - Yes, he was very much in liquor when I saw him, when he said he was first robbed I went to him, to his own lodgings, and I asked him whether he knowed who it was? he said it was either me or Butler Grist; I told him I could give a good account of myself, and asked him whether he thought it was me? then he said no, it was Butler Grist, I asked him if he was sure it was him? he said yes, he knew him perfectly well, he knowed his person, then he said, go and get somebody to take him up, he said he would swear to him the next morning before any justice in the world; and this Butler Grist was taken up, and put into the round-house.
DOCTOR HANSON sworn.
I am a gardener, and nursery man; I know the three prisoners, I know Bryant, I have known him many years, I never knew a miss thing of him, I have known Hudson about two years, he lives on his means in our neighbourhood.
Q. Did you see him on the Saturday that he talks of? - Yes, I went to smoke my pipe at the widow Thomas's, at the George, at Sunbury; it was about six o'clock, when I went in Hudson was there, and was very drunk indeed, and very abusive, with every person, I believe he came in very drunk, and the time he was there he drank three glasses of gin, and called for seven pots of beer, when he first came in he was very drunk, very drunk indeed.
Q. Then all this quantity of liquor did not help to make him sober? did you see him go out of the house? - I did not take particular notice, he went out several times in the course of the time, and came in again; the longer he continued the quarrelsomer he was with different people. I said to him as this, you are very troublesome in company, because he swore so very bad and often; I and another took down sixty nine oaths that he swore that evening.
Q. Did you ever hear Hawkins say any thing about the three persons, Bryant and the other persons, when he had them in custody? - Mr. Hawkins could not find any thing on them, and he said he would acquit them; if that the prosecutor would acquit them; I said as you have taken them on suspicion, you have a right to keep them in hold, and you are very much to blame to acquit them, and we had words on that, about acquitting of them; the next morning I went to the justice's, to get him to stay at home,before he went to church, to give them an hearing, I went before the prisoners some considerable time, when I came before the justice, Hawkins accused me at the justice's of making Hudson drunk, and I never was in his company ten minutes; after that as I was coming from the justice's Mr. Hudson was having a glass of brandy, and after that I was accused of making him drunk.
Q. Did you hear Hawkins talking about any reward? - Yes, when we came out of the justice's he said after a few words, he said you are only angry with me because I have cut you out of the blood money.
Q. Are you sure that Hudson had the three glasses of gin that you stated to the jury? - I am sure of it, I set in the room and see him call for it, and called for seven pints of beer, and he was very drunk when he came into the house.
The prisoner Bryant called three witnesses who gave him a good character.
Thomas Bryant, 


               GUILTY
            , (Aged 22.)
Of stealing but not of the highway robbery.




               Transported for seven years
            .
James Grist, 

               Not GUILTY
            .


                  William
                   Parsons
               



            , 

               Not GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMPSON
               



            .
