





58. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COX
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of November
, a man's hat, value 2s.
             the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Martin
               




            .


                  THOMAS
                   CLESEBY
               



             sworn.
I am a chamberlain to the Ram inn, where the hat was taken from; this hat was on a nail by the tap-room, on a partition, the outside of the tap-room in the passage; I saw him take it off the nail, I immediately went after him, and took hold of him, after he had gone out and got a little from the door I saw the hat under his coat, he had one hat on his head.
Prisoner. If I was the man that took the hat what is the reason he did not detain me when I had the hat? - I could not detain him, he got away that night, but I am sure he is the man, he was in our house about half an hour, it was about six o'clock when he came in, on the 29th of November.
Q. What time was it when he went away - About half past six.
Prisoner. Nobody else see me take it besides you? - No, there was nobody present.
Prisoner. I came up the next morning and had a pint of beer at the next house; he knows I am an innocent man as well as he is himself.
Court. Whom did you give the hat to? - To 
               
                  James
                   Martin
               



            .


                  JAMES
                   MARTIN
               



             sworn.
I am a servant
 at the Ram inn, there is my name in it, I used to hang it upon a nail in the tap-room.


                  WILLIAM
                   CONWAY
               



             sworn.
I went and apprehended him the next morning, upon an information given from the Ram inn.
Prisoner. I am as innocent of it as a child unborn, and that the man knows himself. If I had been guilty I would not have gone to the next house but one.
Conway. I took him at the Buli's Head in Smithfield, four or five doors off.


                  RICHARD
                   WITHY
               



             sworn.
They sent up to the watch-house and there were five of us went in pursuit after him and others, we knew nothing of this hat, no further then when we took him he had the hat, he said that he took the hat, and was in liquor and knew not what he did.
Court to Cleseby. Was the man in liquor? - No, he had only six-penny-worth of rum and water in our house.
Jury. Had you seen the man before? - No, I am sure that is the man.
Jury. He seems to have an honest face.
The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a good a character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
