






454. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     STACK
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     STACK
                  



               
             his wife
 were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of May
, a feather bed, value 2 l. a feather bolster, value 4 s. a feather pillow, value 2 s. two woollen blankets, value 6 s. two linen sheets, value 5 s. a woollen coverlid, value 5 s. a brass candlestick, value 1 s. a flat iron, value 6 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Goodall
                        




                     
                  , in a ready furnished lodging
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   GOODALL
               



             sworn.
I live at the Three Tuns in Smithfield


; I am a publican
; I keep the house, I let these lodgings for six-pence a night, a single bed; I let lodgings to this man on the 9th or 10th of February; Mr. Stack came and agreed to pay six-pence a night; he took it from night to night, but he told me he should continue till the month of June, and after lodging some particular time he asked to have his wife to come to sleep with him; as he had the bed, consent was given for his wife to come and sleep with him; he continued, to the best of my knowledge, from the 9th of February to the 13th of May.
Q. When did he ask leave for his wife to come? - I cannot justly say, she might be there three weeks or a month, or longer; I did not put it down; we delivered the articles to him in the room, a feather bed, bolster and pillow, two woollen blankets, two sheets, a coverlid; all the articles mentioned in the indictment; the brass candlesticks he had to light them to bed on the 8th of May, and the 9th she pawned it with Mr. Hammond.
Q. When did you miss these things? - He went away the 13th in the morning, and I went up and looked through the hole, and saw the bedstead drawn across the room, and the door was opened, and the things were missing, and I pursued him and had him taken in the evening.
Q. How could he convey the feather bed out? - We suspect it was taken out by piece meals. The woman was not with him when the lodgings were taken.
Mr. Peat. You let lodgings all the year round to travellers, and to persons of all descriptions? - I seldom take in any body without a character.
Q. But you receive travellers and persons frequently without any previous knowledge of them? - Not one time in a twelve month; I have not done it for more than a twelve month.
Q. There is a communication between the prisoners apartment, with some other part of the kitchen, a kind of trap door? - There is a place we can call down to the cook at a dinner, or of that sort, but that was fastened down to the best of my knowledge.
Q. Is that aperture big enough to admit a chair or a bed to pass through? - It is not.
Q. Is it big enough to admit the person of a man or woman? - I never took such particular notice; I know it was very loose at the time I went there.
Q. Do you not know that it was so circumstanced that it could be opened with ease? - When I went to the house I fastened it down myself and I never examined it since to this day.
Q. In what state was it while the prisoner lodged in your house? - It was fast when he went in there; I saw it fast; it was fastened by me just before he came in, by a nail, the very time that I let the room to a single man; I fastened the place up.

Q. Did you see it every day after you fastened it? - No, I did not.
Q. This house of your's is in Smithfield, and I presume you have a good deal of custom to it? - So far as to live.
Q. In fact it is a common open public house, open to every person that chuses to use it; you have a victualler's licence? - I have.
Q. And I believe there are sometimes insurances in the lottery going on there? - Never was.
Q. There are men and women company come in at pretty late hours? - My house is always shut up at eleven o'clock.
Q. How long did Mr. Stack lodge at your house? - To the best of my knowledge he came the 8th or 9th of February.
Q. I believe Mr. Stack was not there when you broke open the door? - I was not there when it was done, I was gone out about some other business.
Q. I believe you have a bunch of keys whereby you can occasionally go in and out when you want? - I had not any key that would open that door.
Q. Was there any key in your house to your knowledge that would open Mr. Stack's door? - None.
Q. It seems this lock was a very common lock? - It was appraised in to me when I came into the house.
Q. Was the room when you entertained this suspicion in the occupation of Mr. Stack, and you expected to be paid? - I did expect to be paid till such times as I found myself mistaken.
Q. Have you any partner in your house? - Yes.
Q. I don't mean your wife; have you any persons concerned in the business? - I have not.
Court. I suppose the prisoner owed some rent? - He did above a guinea.
Mr. Peat. Is it not within your knowledge that Stack had another room for fear of the bailiffs? - I did not know it, I did understand that that house of Mrs. Rose's was his own right and property, and that Mrs. Wheeler was his lodger.
Q. In fact he was afraid of being arrested, and he had other apartments for that reason? - He never told me about his business no further than I imagined.
Q. Did not he act as a man in debt? - He did go out by six o'clock in the morning.
Prisoner. No never in my life but twice.
Court. What business did he pretend to be? - He pretended to be a lawyer, and a man of consequence, and brought in papers and large bundles of writings.
Mr. Peat. However that lady at the bar he stated to be his wife, and you received her as such? - We did.
- sworn.
I am the constable of the rolls. On Monday the 13th of May, about half after eight, I was called to take charge of the prisoners at the bar for a felony, at Breames-buildings, for robbing Goodall at the White Swan; when I came to the door I found a great croud about the door; I went in to the landlord to know what I was wanted there for; he said that the prosecutor wanted me to search his house for the prisoners now at the bar; I asked if such people where at his house? he said they had been there, and were gone, but they would be there in a little time; in the course of five or ten minutes they came to the house, and the landlord called me to receive them, 
               
                  Mary
                   Stack
               



             the prisoner at the bar had a bundle with her; she said I had no occasion to detain her she knew nothing at all of the affair; I took a bundle from her which was nothing but rags; the landlord of the house said they had been in that house several mornings in private; the bundle is here; on taking the prisoners at the bar to the watch-house, we sent for Goodall tocome and make his charge good; the wife of the prosecutor came and gave charge, and after we had received the charge I proceeded to search the bundle; the first thing was a canvas bag, which seemed to me had held feathers by its being all over feathering; the next thing I found was an act of parliament; after that I asked 
               
                  Mary
                   Stack
               



             if she had any duplicates? she said, no; I then proceeded to search her person; on searching her at first I found two keys which were owned afterwards by different prosecutors, who are here now; I had nearly given up searching her when I found something stiff, I desired her to let me see what that was; I found they were duplicates; she kept some in her hand, and some she put in her mouth, and chewed them the same as I would bread and butter; there were some taken out of her hand, and some fell on the ground, and some she put in her mouth, and one I positively swear, but how many more I cannot say that she did chew like bread and butter; the man was sent down to New Prison; we searched him and found nothing on him except a copy of a forty pound note, which he said was of great consequence to him, so we returned it and some blank papers. In the morning came two women to ask leave to see the prisoner, I did not know who they were or what they were; I opened the door, and told them not to go too nigh, they asked him immediately for the keys of the rooms and I delivered them to them.
Mr. Peat. You was present at this delicious meal on pasteboard, you saw some pawnbrokers duplicates and I suppose you examined those that she fed upon, before she began her operation? - If I had done that I should not have let her done it.
Q. How do you know it was pawnbrokers duplicates? - By the check; positively on my oath I sware to her swallowing, and chewing one duplicate, and after she had chewed that same duplicate for a quarter of an hour she complained of a load on her stomach.
Q. Then it seems you did not take these papers into your hands before she did chew them? - No, I could not do that.
Q. Then all you know is that they were in that state, and they were never in your hands, she would not wish you to touch what she eat. What other things did you find on her? - A bundle and a canvas bag.
Q. Was any thing there you knew, any thing there owned by other persons? - No.
Q. In fact whether it belonged to the prisoner or the Empress of Russia you cannot tell.
- WILSON sworn.
I am an officer of the City; I have got a rug and a candlestick; I got them from Mr. Hammond, a pawnbroker in Long-lane.


                  THOMAS
                   HAMMOND
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker in Long-lane. This candlestick and rug was found in my shop, and the prosecutor claimed them; they were pledged in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Batty
               



            , the female prisoner at the bar; one on the 11th of March and the other the 9th of May; the rug on the 11th of March, and the candlestick the 9th of May; she pledged the candlestick but I do not recollect the person who pledged the rug, it is not so recent.
Mr. Peat. You know nothing about the rug, and the candlestick was pawned by a person who called herself 
               
                  Mary
                   Batty
               



            . Did you know her? - I did.
Q. There are little holes in your shop; was it day or night time this was pawned? - I believe day time.
Q. Then you had seen the person before that called herself 
               
                  Mary
                   Batty
               



            ? - Yes, I have known her this four years.

Goodall. The candlestick is mine, there is a gentleman now in court who mended it; I am confident to it by this little bit of a knob that was in casting of it; I bought five of them all odd ones; the rug is mine; it was used as a coverlid, it was an outside rug and a little damaged, which I was allowed something for.
Mr. Peat. I think there are about fifty thousand candlesticks of that kind in London. Don't you know that these candlesticks are cast in a mould? - Yes.
Q. Do you happen to know this; whether persons that make candlesticks make a mould for every different candlestick that they cast or do you happen to know that they cast fifty thousand in one mould.


                  ROBERT
                   GRIMES
               



             sworn.
I am a founder.
Q. Look at that candlestick. - I know it; I mended it for Mr. Goodall.
Mr. Peat. What are you? - I am a founder.
Q. A candlestick came to you to mend; you did not measure the candlestick? - I know my work where I mend; it is the same candlestick.
Q. Well and you being a founder, I presume that other candlesticks have been mended by you? - Without doubt, many, I have mended a great many, but I never mended any other of this sort.
Q. There is a knob? - There has been a soldered place in the foot.
Q. Probably the same mould serves for a great many candlesticks? - No doubt.
Q. So that it is very probable an hundred more might be cast of the same description, and the same quality of metal? - Without a doubt.
Q. Then it seems you know it by the soldering? - That is the candlestick that I had to mend.
Prisoner 
               
                  Edward
                   Stack
               



            . Mr. Goodall knew the situation I was in; I paid Mr. Goodall sometimes nothing, but chalked up, and sometimes I paid him; Mr. Goodall never asked me for the rent; Mr. Goodall had no suspicion of me, nor any person that came to me; I have heard that he has accused others since he has taken me up; his servant maid had a key to that room, my wife had a key, and I had a key; it is most certain that I would not stay in the house if I had robbed the house, it is most evident I would not.


                  Edward
                   Stack
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 48.)




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  Mary
                   Stack
               



            , 

               Not GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
