





596. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of October
, a piece of coral, mounted with silver, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Davis
               




            .


                  HENRY
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn. - I keep a coal-shed
; I know nothing of the affair.


                  ELIZABETH
                   GFARING
               



             sworn. - I am servant to 
               
                  Henry
                   Davis
               



            : I was walking out in the evening with my mistress's two children and a neighbour's child, in St. Martin's-lane; three young men followed me through Ducke's Court, one, which was the prisoner, keep close to me, and when I got into Castle-street, the two behind whistled, and I saw no more of them till I got to Green-street


, and there I saw the prisoner again; he told me I should lose the child's hat; I said, no, I should not, for it was fastened on; he told me, that house, where there was a light, was duke somebody's house, I turned my head, and he ran away with the coral in his hand, the string was cut or broke; I cried out, and hewas brought back to me directly; the coral was afterwards found.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q.How old are you? - A.Seventeen.
Q.What age are the children? - A. One six months, and the other four years and a half old.
Q. Did your mistress know that you were out at that time of night with so young a child? - A. I do not know.
Q. Were you ever out so late with them before? - A. No.
Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before? - A.No.
Q. Where did you live before you came to Mrs. Davis? - A.With Mrs. Chilton.
Q. Did you walk out in Leicester-fields, while you lived with her? - A. No.
Q. You had never been addressed before by young men? - A. Yes; when I have been going of an errand.
Q. Then it was not very extraordinary you should be addressed by young men now; it was night, was not it? - A. It was a beautiful moonlight night.
Q. Did he attempt to kiss the child? - A. No.
Q. He did not attempt to be rude to you? - A. No.
Q. He did not attempt to salute you? - A. No, nor never attempted to touch me.
Q. You do not know where the coral was found? - A. No.
Q. A great many young men in the street at the time? - A. Yes.
Q. And other ladies besides yourself walking the streets? - A.There might.


                  CHARLES
                   MERRY
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to the secretary of the Imperial Ambassador: I was passing through Leicester-fields, in company with a friend, I heard a cry of stop thief, and the screams of a woman, which alarmed me, and I immediately run to the spot; I observed the prisoner running very swist, and I went up to him; he was brought back to this girl, and she charged him with snatching the coral; he said, my dear, what do you want with me, I have nothing of your's; I understood the coral was thrown over the rails; I was present when it was picked up upon the grass-plat.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. The prisoner said, my dear, in that familiar sort of way? - A. Yes.


                  THOMAS
                   WILMOT
               



             sworn. - I was in company with the last witness; I found the coral inside of the railing of Leicester-fields.


                  GEORGE
                   ALLEN
               



             sworn. - I took charge of the prisoner. (Produces the coral).
Prosecutor. It cost me twelve shillings about twelve years ago; it is mine.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 18.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
