





556. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     EVANS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of June
 last, a quanty of carpenters tools, value 16 s the property of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Owens
                        



                     
                  ; and other tools, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hocking
                        



.


                  PETER
                   OWENS
               



             sworn.
Most of these things were belonging to me; and were stolen from Sloane-street, Chelsea


, on Tuesday night, the 30th of June, in a house almost finished; I lost the things in the indictment, belonging to me, and those belonging to Hocking: (repeats them): I left them in the parlour, some in a basket, and some on the floor, near the basket; I found the things and the prisoner, about three the next day, in the watch-house; the things are here.
(Produced and deposed to.)


                  JOHN
                   HOCKING
               



             sworn.
I left my tools at work in the parlour; Imissed them in the morning, and found them in St. James's watch-house; they have my mark on them.
(Deposed to.)


                  RICHARD
                   MORRIS
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman. About five minutes after two, in the morning, the prisoner came by with these tools: we stopped him, and asked him where he got them? he said he got them at Brompton-row; we took him to the watch-house with the tools; I am sure these are the same tools.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I found the tools.


                  WILLIAM
                   WOOLLET
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman: I was with the other man; and what he has said, is very true.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
