





117. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     FOUNTAIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of January
, two tin cans, value 4s. and eight gallons of lamp oil, value 20s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Rogers
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   ROGERS
               



             sworn.
I know nothing of the loss.


                  JAMES
                   WALL
               



             sworn.
I am a constable: In consequence of an information that I received of a cart being two or three mornings in Petticoat-lane, which brought oil there, knowing it came from Cripplegate way, and knowing Mr. Rogers dealt in oil, I went last Saturday week to ask him if he had lost any; he told me he did not know of any being sent there at all, and took me into his back premises and shewed me a cart, and asked if that was the cart that went there; I told him I did not know the cart, but would take care to attend early every morning, with other officers, to find it out; accordingly, on Wednesday morning, between seven and eight, the prisoner came with the same cart I saw there, with a quantity of straw, that I could not see what was in the cart, and went and stopped at the house I had been informed of before; he took out the back board of the cart, and removed some of the straw, and was going to take out a bag; I went up to him, and asked what he had got there; he told me it was oil; I asked him where he brought it from; he told me a Mr. Tyler, or Tyrrell, from the other end of the town, I asked him if he had any bill of parcels with it; he said, no, his fellow-servant was coming with it; I told him it was an odd way to bring oil in sacks; it was in tin cans in sacks, one in each sack; I asked him where he was going to take them; he said, into that house, Mr. Davies's he called it; I left the prisoner in custody with Bray, the other officer, and went into the house and enquired whether any oil was coming there; they replied, no, they knew nothing about it; I took the prisoner in custody, and before the Lord-Mayor; Mr.Rogers's servant came; it was a similar cart with that I saw at Mr.Rogers's; it was not Mr. Rogers's; it was a cart with the name of Tanner, Grub-street; no such person keeps a cart, we have made enquiry; a person of another name came to claim the cart.
Q. Who came to claim it? - A. One Williams, a wheeler, in Old-street.


                  JOSHUA
                   BRAY
               



             sworn.
I am an officer; I was along with Mr. Wall last Saturday morning, waiting for this cart coming; at last I saw it come, and went towards it, and made a look into it, and perceived there were sacks covered with straw; I walked a little past it, and waited to see where the man would stop; he stopped and took his tail-board off.
Q. Who was that man? - A. The prisoner: I said to him, what have you got in this cart; said he, it is oil; I said it was an odd form to bring oil in; I said, where did you get it from; he said, from the other end of the town, from one Tyler, or Tyrrell, I don't know which; I asked if he had a bill of parcels; he said his fellow-servant was coming with one; I took the man in custody, and Wall took the cart, and went towards Grub-street, where the name directed on it; I then got intelligence that the horse belonged to the prisoner; he said the horse belonged to him at first, but the cart did not; but where the name directed, he seemed unwilling I should go that way, knowing Mr.Rogers lived that way; I said I should go there first; he then told me the cart belonged to Williams, in Old-street, and that he had borrowed it or hired it, which I cannot be positive; when I came to Mr.Rogers's house, we found he was a man that worked at Mr.Rogers's, and that it was most likely the oil belonged to Mr. Rogers.


                  JOHN
                   SHEPHERD
               



             sworn.
I am Mr.Rogers's foreman; he is an oilman; these cans belong to Mr. Rogers.
Q. Are you sure the cans belong to Mr. Rogers? - A. Yes; I have seen them frequently, but not of late; I have not seen them these two or three months, till I saw them in the cart; the prisoner used to be sent out with oil in these cans; sometimes they did not come home for two or three months together; they are sent out before the casks are out, and come back in a course of time.
Q. Where they ever sent out of Mr.Rogers's shop to any where in Petticoat-lane? - A. Never.
Q. Have you any customer there? - A. No.
Q. Does Mr. Rogers supply the Ward of Cripplegate with oil? - A. Yes.
Q. (To Rogers.) Do you know the cans? - A. No; the officer came to me, and mentioned that oil was carried to Petticoat-lane; I shewed him a cart, and asked him if that was the cart that carried the oil; he said he could not tell, but he would watch; I have employed the prisoner for the carting of oil occasionally, as a labourer, for several years. I always looked upon him as a very honest man, else I should not have kept him in my employ.

Prisoner's defence. I went and harnessed the horse, and took the cart, and went to Chiswell-street to have a pint of twopenny; a man came and asked me to take these things to the other side of Moorsfields; I asked him what he would give me; he said he would not fall out with me; I was going to Spitalfields for potatoes.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 59.)
Tried by the London Jury, before The LORD CHIEF BARON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


