





172. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BELDHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of January
, a leather portmanteau, value 1l. two cotton night-caps, value 6d. two neckcloths, value 5s. four stocks, value 8s. five pair of silk hose, value 3l. five shifts, value 3l. 15s. a cloth night-cap, value 2s. a muslin night-cap, value 3s. three muslin caps, value 15s. two silk handkerchiefs, value 5s. six muslin handkerchiefs, value 12s. two cloth aprons, value 5s. four pair of cotton stockings, value 12s. a gold pin set with stones, value 20l. a gold ring set with diamonds, value 20l. a pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 20s. and a pair of silver knee-buckles, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Baril
               




            .


                  JAMES
                   BARIL
               



             sworn.
I am a merchant
 in Winchester-street; I had been to Southampton; I returned on Friday the 27th of January.
Q. When had you seen your portmanteau last? - A. I saw it tied on the chaise near Kingston.
Q. Was there more than one portmanteau? - A. Two portmanteaus.
Q.What time of day did you leave Kingston? - A. About five o'clock.
Q.Where were they tied, to what part of the chaise? - A. The fore part.
Q. Did you see it after that? - A. I believe it was safe till we came to London-bridge; at least, I think I saw it there; when I came to Winchester-street, the first thing I heard was, that one of the portmanteaus was cut off; I think I saw it on London-bridge; I apprehend it was cut off between the bridge and Gracechurch-street


; we had a stop of about two minutes by the Monument, there I apprehend it was cut off.
Q. Who was in the chaise with you? - A. My sister, and sister's maid. I sent up immediately to Bow-street, to get an advertisement in the paper immediately, and to give a reward of ten guineas; I had information that a portmanteau was to be seen at the Justice's office, Guildhall; on the Monday I went to Guildhall, and saw the portmanteau.
Q. Was that your portmanteau? - A. Yes.


                  ANN
                   HIGHETT
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Baril's sister: I saw both the portmanteaus strapped on safe at Kingston, about five o'clock, as near as I can guess.
Q. Where were they strapped on? - A. In front.
Q. Did you see it after that? - A. I cannot say I saw it after that, till it was missed in Winchester-street; it was strapped on with four straps, three of them were cut, the fourth strap kept the other portmanteau on.


                  JOHN
                   LEWIS
               



             sworn.
I am a porter.
Q.Where were you on the 29th of January? - A. On a Friday evening, the day of the month I do not know, it was after six o'clock; I went from our warehouse, Old Swan-stairs, with a gentleman and lady, and three parcels, to Gracechurch-street, to get them a coach; I put the three parcels into the coach, and the lady and gentleman, and they gave the direction to go to Balsover-street, Oxford-road; I turned back towards London-bridge; I believe it was just by the Nag's-head, Hare-court, I saw a post-chaise coming up full trot; and I saw a man run to the door of the post-chaise, which I thought was open, till I saw him pull the portmanteau from before the chaise; he came on the pavement where I was, within three or four yards at furthest; when he came on the pavement, he dropped it down in the inside of his coat, and made a little running of it; I run after him, and another man came and gave me a blow on the back of my head against the shutters, I was not down; the person that gave me the blow, ran to the man with the portmanteau, I suppose he was not six yards from me, and he catched hold of the portmanteau, and took it away; I was in a confusion, and ran after them both; I came as far as the corner of Great Eastcheap, to turn up towards Cannon-street, it struck in my head somebody else would give me a blow, and I looked round to see if any body was coming after me, and cried out "stop thief." three or four times, very loud; and, afterwards, the men went out of my fight; I was so slurried, I followed one of the men, he went down St. Michael's-lane, I went after him; when I came there, there was a crowd, and the patroles got hold of him, and that was the person that took the portmanteau from the chaise, but it had been taken away from him by the other, in Gracechurch-street.
Q. You saw a man go up to the door of the chaise, and draw the portmanteau from under the chaise? - A. Yes; and pull it out; it was before between the wheels.
Q. Did you observe any man under the perch? - A. No; I don't know there was any body else till I received the blow.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. The person that was apprehended by the patroles, had not the portmanteau with him? - A. I was not there when he was apprehended.
Q. You say the persons, whoever they were, that went from the chaise, you followed them? - A. Yes.
Q. You had not, while you followed them, an opportunity of seeing their faces? - A. I saw his body, it was very light; he had lank hair behind.
Q. You did not see his face? - A. Yes; I saw his face when he came from the chaise.
Q. Had not you lost fight of the persons before the prisoner was taken? - A. I had not lost fight of them till I called out.
Q. Were there not a great many personsin Grace-church-street? - A. Upon my word I never counted how many there were; I was in a slurry myself; I was looking after this piece of business.
Jury. Q. How do you know that was the man that was taken? - A. I know by his cloaths he had on then; I went with him to the Compter.
Court. Q. How do you know the man that was stopped was the same man you saw at the chaise? - A. By seeing him before; I saw the gleam of his face.


                  CHARLES
                   HOWES
               



             sworn.
I am a wine and brandy-merchant; I had just left my own counting-house; about the hour of seven, coming out of Crooked-lane, into Great-Eastcheap, I heard the cry of stop-thief; I was rather confused, but I almost run against a man with this said portmanteau upon his back, which is in court; I said, my friend, what have you got? the man made answer, damp your eyes, what is that to you; he then threw it down and ran away; I at the same time saw the prisoner at the bar near to him, he comes up directly to the portmanteau, and made use of the same expressions that were made use of by the man that ran away; he took the portmanteau, by force as it were, between him and me; he turned down Crooked-lane with it; I prusued him a very little way in Crooked-lane, he threw it down; but seeing the portmanteau in sate custody of a man I knew, I still pursued; I cried,"stop thief," for the man was gaining ground; at the corner of Crooked-lane, he turned round with a knife, I believe it was, and swore he would cut my bloody liver and lights out, and any body that came near; in that predicament I found myself embarrassed, and struck at him with a whip I had in my hand; he then ran down Miles's-lane, which is in a direct line with Crooked-lane; I still pursued, and cried, stop thief, he was met by two patroles, the corner of Three-tun-court, and was knocked down, and with difficulty we took him into custody.
Q. You are sure this is the man? - A. I am very clear this is the man that rescued the trunk.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. It was dark? - A. You can judge of that as well as me, it was near seven o'clock.
Q. Had you ever seen him before? - A. I cannot take upon me to say, I believe I have.
Q. Will you take upon you to swear this was the man you saw with the trunk? - A. I do take upon me to swear pointedly that he is.


                  HENRY
                   KENT
               



             sworn.
On Friday the 22d of January, as I was sitting in my master's shop, in the evening, about seven, I heard a cry of stop thief, I ran to the door and saw the prisoner and another man; the other man had a portmanteau on his shoulder, I tried to stop him, he threw it down in the kennel, and the prisoner came and took it up; I pursued him and laid hold of his coat; I took hold of it, and cried, stop thief; he was soon surrounded, he 
               
                  drew
               


             a knife out of his pocket, and said, blast you, I will cut you, or any other man, what do you want with me; when I had got the portmanteau on my shoulder, Lewis came-up and said, where do you live, that is the man that took it from the chaise, the knife was picked up; I saw him draw a knife, I did not pick it up, I cannot swear that is the knife.
- sworn.
I saw the prisoner stopped, I came up to assist, and I picked up this knife, (producing it).
Mrs. Highett. That is the portmanteau I packed up at Southampton; I have the keys; there is asmaller trunk in the inside, I have the keys of both.(The things were produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's defence. I was coming up the street, and heard the cry of stop thief; there was a gentle man stopping a man, he dropped a portmanteau in the kennel, I picked it up, a man came up, and said what business have you with this; I said, if it was stole, I had a right to take it up, and the man struck me, and then I offered to strike again; I then went to run away, and the patrole stopped me.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERGEANT.
