





411. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     OLDIN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of February
, one live cock, value 18 d. six live hens, value 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Anthony 
                     Morpeth
                  




               
            .


                  ANTHONY
                   MORPETH
               



             sworn.
I only speak to my property.


                  JOHN
                   BURNAN
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman of St. Catharine's. On the 25th of February, about a quarter past eleven, the prisoner came by me with a bag on his back; I asked him what he had? he said, some fowls, that came from Lynn, in a brig, and the brig lay at Deptford; I took him to the watch-house; there were seven hens and a cock; the cock had his head off; he said the captain had no place to put them in, and when he came to Deptford he killed them; Mr. Morpeth came the next day, and owned the fowls.


                  JAMES
                   NETTLEINGHAM
               



             sworn.
I am one of Mr. Morpeth's labourers; I looked after his poultry every day, and fed them; he had six hens and a cock; the last time I saw them was about two, on the 25th of February; I saw them again at the justice's, which was Friday, the 26th; I swear they were my master's property; there were two black hens, one white cock, and four white pullets; the cock's head was found at the door; they were taken from the place where they were kept; they were always locked up; and the next morning the staple was drawn, and the lock opened.


                  FRANCIS
                   MORLEY
               



             sworn.
I work under master Morpeth: I know these fowls to be his property.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I got them out of a brig, at Deptford: I came on shore: going home the watchman stopped me; I told him what I had.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
