





65. 
               
                  
                     LAUNCELOT 
                     KNOWLES
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for obtaining money under false pretences
            .
(The indictment was opened by Mr. Abbott.
Mr. Garrow. May it please your Lordship. Gentlemen of the Jury. The prosecution which you are now called upon, as Jurymen, to decide, appears to me, from the facts which I shall shortly communicate to you, to be one of the highest importance that can possibly come for consideration in the shape of a misdemeanor. It has been thought by those entrusted with some of the highest departments of the administration, to be their duty to submit to your protection a class of persons who can in no other way be protected, who are unable to protect themselves, and who appear to have been the objects of the most abandoned and profligate plunder that I think I have ever seen stated in any Court of Justice. You have collected from my learned friend who has opened the indictment to you, that the charge against the prisoner (and probably you will agree with me in thinking, if I prove the facts to you, and which can only subject him to the punishment of a misdemeanor, I own, for one, I wish it was a higher offence, the charge against him) is, that he has obtained, at three several times, a sum of money, amounting in the whole to six guineas, by pretending that he had interest with the very respectable persons named in this indictment, to procure a pardon for an unhappy person who had been attainted of felony. You will find, Gentlemen, that a man of the name of Saunders, who was confined in Newgate under a conviction for felony, had a mother naturally extremely anxious to relieve him from the consequences of his conviction; she was introduced to the prisoner, who, without the least difficulty, stated, that if the pardon she wished was all she desired, a remission of the capital sentence and to enter into the navy, he had such interest with his Grace the Duke of Portland, with Mr. Baldwin, and a very respectable Magistrate, in my eye, Sir 
               
                  Watkin
                   Lewes
               



            , that that was a thing to be obtained without the least difficulty, and he thought she might expect a free pardon very soon. Such was his interest with those respectable persons, but it was not to be done without money, and if the money could be procured, the pardon would follow of course. You may easily believe if a mother could obtain four, five, or six guineas, for such a purpose, she would strain every nerve to do it; at first she could only raise three guineas, part of this, to the knowledge of the man at the bar, she borrowed for the purpose of advancing; he then gave her encouragement that it would very soon be done, but he must have more money; she was to come next day with more money, she had none, but he was so importunate, and above all, gave her such hopes that the pardon would arrive, that she, by borrowing, got two guineas more; she saw no more of him for a month. From that time, in suspense, dreading every day the execution of the law upon her son, and anxiously expecting the effect of this man's interest, upon a subsequent application, he obtained another guinea, and he had now got all the poor creature was able to raise by any means; she hoped the pardon would now soon arrive, indeed, he told her then, it was actually accomplished, and only waited for some forms; but those forms must likewise be attended with a further advance of money, and he put it to her how much more she would give if he compleated the contract; she said, she would endeavour to make the six ten guineas, she would give him other four guineas, but she had it not, she would give a note for it: Oh, no, he said, that would not do at all, how should he get paid when the son was discharged? - The poor woman had it not, and therefore she could not advance it; this man, with a ferocity and brutality that degrades him beneath the character of man, immediately replied, d-n her blood, he would do no more for her then; nothing could satisfy him, and though she had advanced all this money he would, leave her, after having raised her hopes, he would leave her in that state of despair and despondency. In this situation the poor woman had an opportunity of representing the matter to the persons who have sent me here. The pretence is, that he had great influence with his Grace the Duke of Portland. You know, Gentlemen, that that Nobleman is at the head of the Administration; you know too, that it is the province of his Majesty alone to dispense pardons; and that this unhappy woman's son could only obtain it from that fource; and it is the most important, and, I believe, I may take the liberty of adding, the most pleasant prerogative of his Majesty; and I am sure I ought to say, that none are treated with greater mercy than through the medium of the noble personages whom I have stated, it is extended, in all proper cases, without influence or interest; and it is not to be bartered for money, there is no interest, no influence that can obtain it; I shall be under the necessity of troubling his Grace to state, merely for form's sake, whether he had any such influence as he pretended, in order to prove the allegations in this indictment; I shall put the same question to the other persons, and I am sure, when the charge is proved, you will be happy to protect those unhappy persons who are too often the prey of men in his situation.



                  CLAUDIUS
                   STEPHEN HUNTER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Fielding. - Q. Have you the record of the conviction of 
               
                  John
                   Saunders
               



            ? - A. I have; I have examined it with the original; (it is read, dated 26th of June,1796).


                     ANN 
                     KEYS
                  




               
             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Garrow.
Q. Had you a son of the name of John Saunders? - A. Yes.
Q. He had the misfortune to be convicted, and was confined in Newgate? - A. Yes, he was.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. Yes, very well.
Q. When did you first become acquainted with him? - A. There was a woman of the name of Sells, who was related to the smugglers that he cleared out of Newgate, and she persuaded me to let her go to him.
Q. When did you first become personally acquainted with the prisoner? - A. The first was he came to me I think the second of July; he had directions where to find me from sells; either the first or second of July, I cannot tell which.
Q. Do you recollect what day of the week it was? - A. It was on a Saturday he came to my house; I did not see him when he came; I was out at a day's work; the first I saw of him was on the Sunday afternoon; the first word he asked me was, if I had not a son in trouble; I told him I had; he said, he could be of great service to him, but it would be attended, with a very great expence; I told him I was but a poor woman; but I would give all that lay in my power; he said, he was a poor man at times himself, sometimes a gentleman, sometimes a poor man, sometimes a room-keeper, and sometimes a house-keeper; and he told me that he was serjeant under Sir Watkin Lewes in the City militia
; he asked me what I would agree to give him to get my son on board one of his Majesty's ships to serve on board of a man of was, I told him I could wish him to serve his Majesty, as he had been in that glorious engagement of the 1st of June, and had received a wound, I should wish him to serve his Majesty again; he told me he could do it with a great deal of ease; he said he had cleared the smugglers, which was a great deal harder than to clear a criminal, because they were against government, and if I would give him five guineas, he would make no doubt that he could clear him in a very little time to serve his Majesty; I agreed to give him the five guineas, and he told me if he did not clear him to serve his Majesty on board a man of war, he would return me every halfpenny of my money again, but he made no doubt he could do it, and that in a very short time; he said he had such an influence with Mr. Baldwin, and if he went to the Duke of Portland's and knocked at the door, he was introduced when many that came in carriages were sent away; he told me he would not ask me for any more money till he was cleared on board a man of war.
Q. You have told us of his Grace the Duke of Portland and Mr. Baldwin; did he mention any other person? - A. Yes, the groom of his bed-chamber; he mentioned him a great many times; I told him I had but three guineas by me then, but the next day I would give him the remaining two; the next day he came for the remaining two; he had three on Sunday and two on Monday; he said, he did not doubt but he could do it and very soon, and if his free pardon came down I must not be surprized; I did not see him again for about a fortnight; he said Sir 
               
                  Watkin
                   Lewes
               



             was a very good friend of his, as he served him in capacity of serjeant in the City militia; he called after that, and told me he wished me joy, all was settled, and shook hands with me.
Q. Did any thing more material pass at that second meeting on the Monday? - A. In the course of a fortnight; he wished me joy, and told me all was finished; he asked me if I would let him have a couple more guineas; I told him it was not in my power, I had not got them by me, and he said, would I meet him in Newgate


 on the Sunday, and let him have one; I did, and one more he had of me, I gave it him in the condemned room in Newgate; a gentleman went with me to see my son, he shook hands with him and wished him joy of his friend, his pardon was coming down in the course of a week; nothing more passed at that meeting; I came away and left him; in about a fortnight or three weeks he called upon me again; he told me all was settled, and asked me to let him have two more guineas; I told him it was not in my power to let him have it; I told him my agreement was five guineas, and he had extorted another from me, and I would give him no more; he put himself in a very great passion, and said, d-n his blood if he would do any more for him, and would stop what he had done for him; he told me that he had saved his life; I said, no, he had not, for Sheriff Liptrap saved his life, if his life was saved, for he had presented a petition; then, he said, it was the smugglers' affair, they had promised him thirty guineas, and he had had but thirteen, and he saw I meant to do the same; he asked me what money I would give him of my own generosity, if his pardon should come down; I told him six guineas he had had, and four more I would give him, which would make ten guineas; what is ten guineas, he said; a great deal, says I, for such a poor woman as I am, and he asked me how he was to come at this money; the remainder I told him I would give him a note of hand for; he said, that would not do; says I, if I sell mybed from under me, when his pardon comes I will give you the remainder of the ten guineas; he did not make a great deal of reply to that.
Q. Did he accept it? - A. No, he said that would not do, it was not enough.
Q. You were not in a condition to raise any more money? - A. No; and I was sure then he was a defraud, because he was so very fluent with the names of so many great people.
Q. What use did he say he should make of that five guineas? - A. He said, it went through so many different channels, that he should not have a halfpenny left for himself.
Q. And how was he to deal it out? - A. Through different channels.
Q. It was not all to go in one channel, then? - A. No, in different channels.
Q. Did he tell you how much was to go in one channel, and how much in another? - A. No, but that it was to go in different channels.
Q. Then, I take it for granted, this broke off your treaty? - A. I did not see him any more for some time.
Q. About how long might it be before you saw him again? - A. I cannot say how long a time it was, but it was before the sentence passed for transportation; I believe it to be about a week or ten days before; he wrote to me after that.
Q. Have you that letter? - A. I gave it to Mr. Raven.
Q. Did you see him after you had received that letter? - A. No, not till I saw him at Bow-street.
Q. How long was it from the first to the conclusion of the treaty? - A. It was when sentence was passed for transportation.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You stated just now, that it was in consequence of a recommendation from Mrs. Sells that the prisoner was first introduced to you? - A. Yes.
Q. And he was first introduced to you in consequence of his having been the means of some smugglers having been liberated from Newgate upon a charge against government? - A. Yes; that he could clear a criminal better than a smuggler.


                  SARAH
                   HACKETT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Fielding. Q. You live in the same house with Mrs. Keys? - A. I do.
Q. Whereabouts is that? - A. No. 6, Buckler's-alley.
Q. Look at the prisoner at the bar? - A. That is the same person.
Q. Do you remember his coming to the house of Mrs. Keys on the 2d of July? - A. I cannot say, but it was on a Saturday in the month of July.
Q. About what hour of the day? - A. I cannot be positive, it was in the afternoon.
Q. What did he come there for? - A. He asked for Mrs. Keys; I told him she was not at home, she was out at work; and he asked me if Mrs. Keys had not at that time a son in trouble, and I informed him that she had; he told me his wife -
Q. You mean the wife of Saunders? - A. Yes; that Saunders's wife had made application to him for relief; I told him she would be at home tomorrow; he said it would be attended with a great deal of expence; he seemed to be dubious that Mrs. Keys, being a poor woman, she could not pay it, as I had informed him she was out at work.
Q. What more did he say then? - A. He told me he would call on the morrow, and that was all that passed at that time.
Q. When Mrs. Keys came home, you had a conversation with her? - A. Yes; on the morrow he came, and I was not there; I saw him on the Monday there; Mrs. Keys called me down to see the money paid; I saw two guineas paid; I did not see the three guineas paid, that was paid before, when I was not there; Mrs. Keys said, that made five guineas she had then paid him; he gave her his hand and word that he would fulfil the promise he had made her; she said, get my son on board of a ship, and he assured her it should be so; he told her she must not be surprised, if in a very short time she heard that he had a free pardon.
Q. Did Mrs. Keys mention her situation in life to him? - A. Not that I heard.
Q. Did you ever see the prisoner after that time? - A. I have met him coming out at the door.
Q. Mrs. Stubbings was likewise there, I believe? - A. Yes.
Mr. Fielding. We will save your Lordship the trouble of hearing her evidence; it is only to confirm the other.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Mr. Knowles said, it was in consequence of Mrs. Saunders desiring him to come to Mrs. Keys, that he had done so? - A. Yes.
His Grace the Duke of PORTLAND sworn. - Examined by Mr. Garrow. Q. I would just ask your Grace, whether the prisoner had any influence with your Grace to procure pardons? - A. Certainly not.
Mr. BALDWIN sworn. - Examined by Mr. Garrow. Q. Had the prisoner any such influence with you, as the evidence has represented? - A. Certainly not.
Court. Q. What is the office which you hold in the Duke of Portland's office? - A. It is a confidential one; matters that are referred to his Grace go through my hands, with such observations as occur to me upon them.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. In the course of your situation with his Grace, which you have stated is a confidential one, have you seen Knowleswith you at the office? - A. I have seen him before.
Q. Was it upon the subject of obtaining pardons, or soliciting for a pardon? - A. I don't know whether it was for the purpose of soliciting, but I think he was the man that brought a petition to me for Gee and Richards, and I think he said he brought it from Sir 
               
                  Watkin
                   Lewes
               



            .
Q. Gee and Richards, I believe, afterwards received his Majesty's mercy? - A. They were imorisened some time, but being represented as good seamen, they were sent to sea; soon after, this man, I think, brought another petition; whether it was for Saunders or not, I don't know; but the moment he brought that second petition, I asked him how he came to have any thing to do with such things; I then began to suspect that he was improperly employed in that business, and I then told him that any petition that he should bring after that, would not be attended to, because I had great reason to suppose that he was acting improperly; I forbad him coming to the office upon any such business; notwithstanding this, I believe a day or two afterwards, I met him coming from Burlington-house; I then asked him how he could have the assurance to come upon any such business there, after what had passed between him and me; and I can venture to affirm, that he never had any influence or chance of succeeding with me after that time.
Mr. Garrow. I will now ask you, as we find from my learned friend's examination that this man had seen something of the way in which pardons are obtained, could he state truly, that in order to obtain a pardon, money should go from one channel to another? - A. It is very fit the Court should know, and it is very fit the public should know, that there is not one farthing expence attending it, and whenever a pardon is granted, it is without one farthing expence.
Sir 
               
                  WATKIN
                   LEWES
               



             Sworn. - Examined by Mr. Fielding. Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. Yes.
Q. Has he a post of any kind with you? - A. He was recommended to me as a serjeant in the London militia, and I told him he appeared to be too old for that service, but afterwards I mentioned that I would make him a temporary serjeant, and that was the way in which I came to have a knowledge of him.
Q. Had you any further knowledge of him, or he of you, than that? - A. None antecedent to that time; subsequent to that time he was in the regimental employ.
Q. Had he any influence with you, so as to have carried any influence that you might have had in any other channel, with respect to procuring a pardon? - A. Not the least, on the contrary, he desired me to give a letter to the Duke of Portland or Mr. Baldwin, and I positively refused; I told him that I never did write to the Secretary of State for favour of any prisoner, unless it was upon a petition signed by respectable people, certifying as to the conduct of the man antecedent to the offence committed.
Mr. Knapp. May it please your Lordship. Gentlemen of the Jury. In the course of the little experience which I have had in this Court, a case of more importance to the interests of the public, and of much importance to the prisoner at the bar, I have never yet had the honour of defending. Unfortunately for the prisoner at the bar, it has fell to my lot to defend him upon this occasion, opposed to one at least, or two of my learned friends, who, in this Court, for many, many years, have practised with honour to themselves and advantage to the public; men who have conducted prosecutions, and conducted defences too with equal honour to themselves and to the public, and have had more experience considerably than the person who now has the honour of addressing you; but satisfied I am, that not with standing I have powerful opponents, not with standing my learned friend has been able to excite your attention, and to raise your passions against the prisoner at the bar, you will, as honest citizens, not give a verdict against the prisoner, from any eloquence that may have belonged to my learned friend to state, nor any observations he may have made unless they are warranted by the evidence which afterwards comes out.
Gentlemen, after making an apology to you for the inexperience with which I am possessed in conducting defences of this fort, I hope I shall not be considered as trespassing upon your time in making some observations, and those observations at some length, in favour of the prisoner at the bar. Gentlemen, first of all my learned friend has stated to you, that this prosecution is of importance to the public, certainly it is of importance to the public, that the poor wretches in Newgate, and who are soliciting pardon by any means, should not have their money taken out of their pockets by fraud, or any thing like what is charged in this indictment. Gentlemen, at the same time give me leave to make an observation upon the statement of my learned friend, although it is of the importance which I have been just stating to you, there is no labourer but what is worthy of his hire; and if he is employed, it follows, as a necessary result of that employ, that he should be paid for it. My learned friend has stated this to you to be a most abominable plunder; a most abominable plunder indeed it is, it that plunder has been made by the defendant at the bar from persons in the situation of the prosecutrix, without procurement or employment of theirs, without any solicitation on their behalf to those persons who had the power to interfere with his Majesty as well as they could by representations to his Majesty to obtain mercy of the King, certainly it follows, that if he made that solicitation to those who were in the consisience of his Majesty, then I say he would be entitled to something for the labour he had been at, and then he would not be liable to the observations my learned friendhas made upon that part of the case. My learned friend says what I was very much surprized to hear him state, as prosecutor for the public, that he should wish the penalty in this case to be other or higherthan it is; why he should wish it to be other-
Mr. Garrow. I mean to say, I wish it was such a case that he could be hanged for it.
Mr. Knapp. Gentlemen, I wish to impress that upon your minds; my learned friend has now stated it broadly, and for which I am obliged to him. Gentlemen, the question upon this record is, first of all, whether this person pretended that he had any influence with the three personages whom he represents to have had influence with? Now, unless the prosecutor is able to make that out, I apprehend, subject to the correction of his Lordship, you will not be able to find a verdict of guilty against the prisoner; for the indictment first of all states, that he was acquainted with the Duke of Portland; that he had influence with the Duke of Portland; that he had influence with Mr. Baldwin; and, I think, that he had influence with Sir Watkin Lewes. Now, from their own state of the case, how is that made out? Is it not clear that he must have had some fort of connection sufficiently to use his endeavours to solicit that which was the object of the person who employed him? The Duke of Portland, nobody could doubt it if he had not been here, I would have admitted it, the Duke of Portland could not be supposed to hold any sort of conversation with a man of the description of the defendant. But, Gentlemen, does it follow from thence, that because the Duke of Portland himself has had no conversation with this man upon the subject of pardons, does it follow from thence that the statement of the defendant at the bar, that he had influence with the Duke of Portland, was itself a false representation if the prisoner at the bar (and I put it in this way), had been at the Secretary of State's office for the purpose of soliciting pardons, the Duke of Portland being Secretary of State for the Home Department, and the business of pardons coming within his jurisdiction, and subject to his controul in that officer; then I fairly ask you this question, whether it might not be perhaps wrong in terms to express it, that he had influence with the Duke of Portland? But I put it to you fairly, whether a man having solicited pardons at that very office, and succeeded, might not have some reason to suppose that he had some sort of influence which he might exert for the purpose of obtaining that for which he was employed? If that observation, made as it is by me, has the good fortune to be attended to by you, look then at the next subject matter in the indictment, and see whether it applies to a very honourable friend of mine who was at the bar, but has lately seceded from it; that gentleman has stated himself to be in a confidential situation in this office under the Duke of Portland. Has the man stated that to be a falsity which is stated upon the record to be a falsity? Had he no influence with Mr. Baldwin? Mr. Baldwin says upon bath he had not; but what one man may consider to be an influence, having been successful in making the application, and what another may suppose is a widely different thing, Mr. Baldwin is a person to whom applications of this sort are regularly made; why then Mr. Baldwin is applied to; it is not a story made up by this man, and no solicitation used upon the occasion, but Mr. Baldwin applied to by the prisoner at the bar, for what? He is applied to by the prisoner, upon a petition presented at the instance of two persons who were in Newgate at that time, charged with an offence against the revenue laws of the country, and that petition was attended to at this presentment, at his solicitation. Why then, Gentlemen, really, when once you have got so far as that, is it not fair to make this observation, that he had a reasonable ground to hope and expect that an application of a similar nature, not exactly similar, because one was a criminal offence, and the other an offence against the smuggling laws, had he not reasonable ground to expect a similar petition would be in a similar manner successful. Then is not that a negative of the second statement upon the record, or might not he reasonably suppose, that an application of a similar nature would be attended with equal success, whether he was right in that supposition or not, is not the question; but if he uses endeavours to do so, I should argue, and I hope you will be of the same opinion, that he had ground to believe that he should succeed; he makes application to Mr. Baldwin, who would represent it to the Duke of Portland; why then we have got as far into the record as his Grace the Duke of Portland, and with respect to Mr. Baldwin.
Now it was asked by the learned gentleman who conducts this prosecution, and was pressed upon Mr. Baldwin in consequence of a question put by me; my learned friend is counsel for the prosecutor, and I am counsel for the defendant; sorry, I am, that I put questions that the prosecutor takes advantage of; but, gentlemen, that is an assertion that cannot be made against me in the present instance; I asked Mr. Baldwin that which it was my duty to ask him, in order to know whether this man had made any other application than that that I have now stated to you, the smuggling one. Mr. Baldwin states, that he did make another application, but in answer to my learned friend, he says, he forbad him to make any more; and it is meant to be inferred, that this man afterwards must know that any application of that sort must sail, and that therefore he had taken the money, knowing it must fail.
Now, is that a fair argument to be used against a prisoner standing in the perilous situation in which he stands; there was an application, Mr. Baldwin thinks, in behalf of a man of the name of Hill; certainly it was so, and Mrs. Hill has indicted the defendant for a similar offence, and I suppose that will by and by come before you. Well there, Mr. Baldwin, said he, forbad him to come any more, but when Saunders was in Newgate, does it follow, that because he said he forbad him to come any more, that through any other channel, he might not succeed in getting himself introduced to persons in confidence with his Majesty, who might, with his ministers, consider whether it was a fit case for mercy or not; therefore, I hope that last observation of my learned friend will not have the effect it is intended to have.
Now, gentlemen, it has been pressed upon you, that this poor person in Newgate, or at least the representative of the poor person in Newgate, has been cheated and defrauded of money by the false representationsthat the defendant has made use of upon this occasion. Gentlemen, subject to the correction of the Court hereafter, I will state to you, as far as I have been able to collect from the Crown Lawyers upon the subject, what I apprehend to be the offence that must be made out agreeable to the statement of the offence in this indictment. I will state it from an extremely well-known case to all my learned friends, the case of the King and Young, in Mr. Leech's cases 406, and also in the third Term Reports 98; I will cite it to you from Mr. Leach's cases, which I believe is a pretty faithful report of what is to be found in the Term Reports. Gentlemen, that was a case upon the very statute upon which this indictment is framed, and there, gentlemen, it is stated, that this statute had for its object to further the ends of justice, by making that which was not the subject of a common law offence, an offence within the meaning of the statute, for, previous to the passing of this statute, it was not an offence at common law, there was another statute indeed upon the same subject, made by one of the Henty's, against false tokens, but as this was insufficient, another statute passed upon the subject, and Lord Kenyon, I don't mean to say, that that case was similar to the present, upon the facts of the case, but I cite it more to state to you what was the opinion of the Judges sitting upon cases of fraud. Lord Kenyon says, it seems difficult to draw the line, and say, to what particular cases this statute shall extend; and, therefore, we must see whether each particular case, as it arises, comes within it; therefore, according to this learned Judge's authority, it seems difficult to construe the meaning of this Act of Parliament as applied generally, but you must apply it to each particular case, as each particular case shall arise. Mr. Justice Buller, in giving his judgment upon the same case, says thus: Barely asking another for a sum of money is not sufficient, but some pretence must be used, and that pretence must be false, for the intent is necessary to constitute the crime. Then, Gentlemen, you must find out, as well as you can, upon the statement of this case, what was the intent of the party at the time he was so employed; - You must find out likewise, whether that intent was by false representation, to get into his hands, and possession, by that false representation, the money of the prosecutor; it is essential that it must be false. Is it false, with respect to the observation I made before, that he had influence, some how or other, with the Duke of Portland, that he had influence with Mr. Baldwin, that he had influence with Sir Watkin Lewes? all these things have been proved on the part of the prosecutor: first, that this is the office to which he was to apply; secondly, that Mr. Baldwin is one of the channels to Whom he was to apply; thirdly, is it false with respect to Sir Watkin Lewes? he tells you that he put him into the City of London Militia, in the place of a serjeant, and if he had not had a good opinion of such a man he would not have placed him in that situation; he found that he was too old, and therefore he put him merely as a temporary serjeant. Then there is evidence before you, that Sir Watkin Lewes had some good opinion of this man, or he would not have put him in that situation; but Sir 
               
                  Watkin
                   Lewes
               



             it may be said has nothing to do with the government of the Country, or granting of pardons. I expected Sir Watkin Lewes, when my learned friend put that question to him, would answer it as he did, that he has no power nor influence over the granting of pardons; but does it follow, that because Sir Watkin Lewes had no influence or authority, that a man, placed in a confidential situation with a person known and notorious for every thing that we must admire in Sir Watkin Lewes to the public, might not by some application that he might make on the occasion, might he not reasonably suppose that Sir Watkin Lewes would be induced to do that for him, when he had been inclined to do so favourably for him in his regimental capacity; then, if I have made myself understood, he cannot be said to have induced them to part with their money under a false pretence; for if you find that he has made applications where pardons might come through different channels down to the delinquent, if he has done that, there is an end to the intention charged in this indictment; then, Gentlemen, the case will rest upon the other circumstances which have been stated to you by my learned friend.
Gentlemen, Does the defendant come voluntarily into this business? Does he offer himself to the person he is said to have defrauded? On the contrary, you have it in evidence from two of the witnesses for the prosecution (from the character the man had, and from the influence he was supposed to have, and which he indeed had, for he succeeded in it in one instance - he was applied to, because he had succeeded in it, at the desire of the wife of Saunders), Saunders sending to him, and be going in consequence of that solicitation; why then it is not like this case which I might put-if a man, meaning to defraud another of his goods or money, was to come to me and say he could get an official situation for me, because he had an opportunity of getting it, and that he knew he could get it. and he offered to do it voluntarily, and comes to me in the first instance, when in fact he knew at the same time he could not get it. But here, Gentlemen, I wish to impress it upon your minds; it is by the desire of a third person, by the solicitation of the persons themselves; and when he comes to ask for a compensation, they throw in his teeth that he has not succeeded; and that, perhaps, is the gift of this business, that when gentlemen high in office find that pardons may be had by the representations of any body; for that man certainly has made such a representation, as has been stated, to Mr. Baldwin; that Mr. Baldwin believed him, because, with respect to the smugglers, it certainly did succeed. Where then is the intent on the part of this man originally, without solicitation, to do the things alledged to him; by this record it appears that he was employed by the persons who had a right to employ him, and to conside in him because he had succeeded before.
Gentlemen, what I have just been stating to you, seemed to catch the ear and the attention of my learned friend who sits next me; and if he supposes that, for one moment, I, as an advocate for any defendant, in any Court of Justice, can mean by any argument or any observation I could state to a Jury, to cast the least shade of any thing like reflexion upon the honourable Gentlemen that I have seen upon the bench to-day, I hope they will give me credit for saying, I mean nosuch thing; but no pardon can be obtained but by petition; therefore that they could have it no otherwise than by a petition, which must be drawn by somebody, and which was in this instance drawn by the gentleman at the bar. Gentlemen, it does seem, as I stated in the outset, that this is not only a case of very great importance to the public, otherwise the great and distinguished characters whom we find in this Court now, and the very eloquent and powerful opponent which I have upon the present occasion, would not have been brought down here to address you upon the subject; but it is also of the last importance to the defendant, what verdict you shall hereafter give; for, by the statute upon which this indctment is framed, you will learn that the prisoner at the bar is liable to be transported for the term of seven years. Therefore, gentlemen, bearing that in your minds you will weigh these circumstances, and weight them with great caution before you proceed to give that verdict, which in the end if you believe the witnesses on the part of the prosecution, and that the intent of the prisoner was to defraud, will certainly be the occasion of his being banished from the friends that he has in this country, and from society. Gentlemen, if I have the good fortune to make myself understood, I think that the whole of the offence attributable to the prisoner stands; upon these few observations; and when I have made those few observations, I shall leave him to that justice, and also to that mercy that he will be entitled to at your hands.
Gentlemen, I charge, as I said just now, no one person with any abuse of office; but all offices, from the highest to the lowest, at all times, have had abuses creep into them; and perhaps the inferior avenues to that office may be open to the solicitations of persons in the situation of the prisoner. Gentlemen, the prisoner instructs me to say to you, that in the Secretary of State's office there were persons in inferior situations, very inferior indeed, who might make false representations to the prisoner. I think there was a person of the name of Noble; who he is I know not; I think I have read in the papers of a Mr. Noble having been examined; but I believe the situation of Noble was something like that of an inferior servant or groom in the Duke of Portland's family. That person be he whom he might, the prisoner was acquainted with, and also another servant of the Duke of Portland's; what influence they may have I certainly cannot state; but it will be sufficient for me, that the prisoner supposed that, by the influence of the servants of a great man, he would probably meet with success in the application which he fought for. Now it seems from this statement to me, that he made application to Noble; what Noble did upon it I cannot state to you, because he is not here to be examined; but Noble certainly might have been found to be examined upon the subject, and the other person also at the Duke of Portland's house, to have stated what passed upon the subject; but it is quite sufficient for me, if he supposed, from knowing the inferior parts of that great man's family, that he could have such influence by such means, if he did suppose that, he could not have the criminality intended to be attached to him by this indictment.
Gentlemen, if that observation makes any impression upon your mind, it will be a strong thing in favour of the defendant; because, added to his application to those persons who were likely to be of use to him in his solicitation, his statement of a knowledge of those persons, of one of whom, Mr. Baldwin, he certainly had a complete knowledge; couple them together, and then see, if you can, where is the criminal intent on the part of the defendant, and you must be satisfied, that that criminal intent is to be found, first of all stated upon the record, and afterwards proved as it is stated. Gentlemen, my learned Friend has stated to you, that when he represented that he could get a pardon he must know he could not get it, why we all know it; if you or I were to apply at the Secretary of State's office neither of us could get the pardon; but the question I put to you is this: Could I, by presenting a petition, put it in a situation in which it might be presented to his Majesty? - Has that been done? - It was done in one case, as was stated by Mr. Baldwin. Then was not that a reason why the defendant should hope it might be done in another? - If it was, then the man has used his endeavours to do that which he set out with; and it is not because the pardon was not had that he is guilty of the offence; it is quite sufficient for me that he has used his endeavours to solicit that pardon where it was to be had, and the only way to do that, was by applying to my friend Mr. Baldwin, and then by his representation to the Duke of Portland, and then by his Grace the Duke of Portland to the fountain of mercy in this country. Why then, if that be so, is it not a strong point in favour of the prisoner? Is that any thing like a man coming with the prosessed design to cheat and defraud? Or is it not at the solicitation of somebody else that somebody else connected with the dearest interests of the person he applies for, and then couple it with the means he takes to obtain it, and see where is the false representation stated in this record.
Gentlemen, I shall concluded the observations I have been endeavouring to press upon you as well as I was able. Feeble, I am afraid, my efforts have been; but my wishes for my client have been strong; I hope, therefore, you will not think it necessary for me to apologize for taking up such a portion of your valuable time, when you consider the weakness of the advocate on the one side, and the powerful eloquence of my opponent on the other, with all the ability that the Crown could procure upon the occasion. Gentlemen, I have had disadvantages to struggle with upon this subject; till this morning never did I see the indictment: not that I wish to be understood by any means to cast a shadow of blame upon the prosecutors, whose liberality has furnished me with a copy of it since I came into Court. But my attention was directed to another indictment against the prisoner, and upon which probably hereafter you will have to find your verdict one way or the other. I was really induced to believe that indictment might have come on first; however, I have now seen the indictment that is before you. I have made my observations as well as the time would permit me upon the record. I have stated the law as laid down by the first Judges in this land, I have stated the observations which I think are forcibly applied in behalf of my client; and having done that, I must submit with cheerfulness, though with considerable confidence, that your verdict will be such as not to intrench upon the valuable interests of the public, but at the same time I hope that if you find it will not intrench upon the dear and valuable rights of the public, it will be such a verdict as will give the defendant his liberty again, and prevent his being banished this country for the term of seven years. Gentlemen. I shall sit down perfectly content with the observations I have made, and perfectly satisfied with the wisdom and the justice of the Jury.
One of the Jury. (To Mr. Baldwin). Q. Are applications of the kind that are said to be made, when presented by individual persons in the family or office of the Duke of Portland, likely to meet with success earlier or later than if they came from another quarter? - A. I never recollect one being presented by any body in the office.
Q. Then persons in the family of his Grace have no reason to suppose that petitions coming through their hands will be attended to more speedily? - A. I rather think that petitions coming in that way would not meet with so good a reception as coming from any other person.
For the Prisoner.


                  HENRY
                   O'NEAL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I have known the prisoner 20 years; I never heard any thing against his charactir but what was very honest.


                  NATHANIEL
                   STREET
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a painter in Giltspur-street; I have known the prisoner twenty-four years; I never heard any thing amiss of him before.
Prisoner. My Lord and Gentlemen, my counsel has said so very much in favour of me, that I trust the clemency of the Court will hear me a few words. After the smugglers had been enlarged, and that I had the honour myself of accompanying Mr. Kirby, whose veracity this Court, as well as the public in general, can have no dispute or doubt of; in a few days, sometime after this, my Lord and Gentlemen, I was going up from Sir 
               
                  Watkin
                   Lewes
               



            's, being a very wet day, with an umbrella in my hand, I met Mr. Baldwin near Cockspur-street, I saluted him, as I had a very just right; at the same time, Mr. Baldwin was pleased to ask me what became of the smugglers, I told him I believed they were on board a ship; at the same time I had a petition for Sylvester Hill, and for this John Saunders. I mentioned that I had gone with Mr. Kirby on board the Tender with the smugglers; they had entered into a bond, and Mr. Baldwin took their recognizances, as Mr. Baldwin had expressed that some tricks sometimes are played by those people who have a pardon, by getting themselves arrested, and prevent their going on board of ship. My Lord, I have solicited for three different persons to go to sea; his Majesty's service I had at heart when I was in my younger years, and now I am in my older years. Mr. Kirby happened to be in view, and I said to Mr. Baldwin, there is Mr. Kirby himself; when Mr. Kirby came up, I saluted him; we walked on as far as Mr. Drummond's banking house door; it rained, and I begged the honour to hold the umbrella over Mr. Baldwin's head; he said, Knowles, I wish you would step down to the Treasury-gate, and desire my carriage to come up; I went down to the Treasury-gate, I saw no carriage, I returned, and met Mr. Kirby with the umbrella, when he told me Mr. Baldwin had seen his carriage, and desired him to meet me; we walked to the Adelphi, and I parted with Mr. Kirby. I shall only appeal, whether this is true or not, to the testimony of those worthy gentlemen, Mr. Kirby and Mr. Baldwin.


                  JOHN
                   KIRBY
               



             sworn. - My Lord, what he has said is a fact, that Mr. Baldwin and I met, and he came up, Mr. Baldwin came up and asked me who he was, and I told him that he had procured a pardon for the smugglers, and who was to have some money from them, and he reprobated his conduct.
Mr. Baldwin. I dare say it is exactly as Mr. Kirby has stated, and that brings to my recollection, that that circumstance was the cause of my suspecting him.
Summing up.
Court. Gentlemen of the Jury. The prisoner at the bar stands indicted for a fraud, and the indictment charges in the first place, that a person of the name of 
               
                  John
                   Saunders
               



             was a prisoner under judgment pronounced against him for a felony whereof before that time he had been convicted. Next, that the prisoner represented himself to Ann Keys to have great interest with certain persons, namely, the Duke of Portland, Sir Watkin Lewes, and Mr. Baldwin, and that he could and would procure his Majesty's most gracious pardon to be granted to John Saunders; and that in order to procure that pardon, he must have a certain sum of money entrusted to him, to be paid away by him, one guinea into one channel, and another guinea into another channel, and that no part of it was to go to himself; that she gave to him three guineas at one time, two at another, and one at another.
Now, Gentlemen, the necessary ingredients to constitute a crime of this nature, namely, the obtaining of money under false pretences, under the act of the 30th of his late Majesty, are, that the party shall represent himself in some situation that he is not, or, as it happens in most cases, shall represent that something has happened which has not happened, or is to happen, which he has no reason to expect will happen. The next ingredient is, that he shall have money; and, the third is, that it shall be with an intent to defraud.
Now I caution you, in the outset in this stage of the business, to refresh your minds; keep them cool, andkeep out of sight for the present the detestable nature of the offence, if it should be committed; for it is most undoubtedly of the utmost consequence that the avenues to the Royal mercy should be neither obstructed nor corrupted, and by such means to torture the feelings of persons, who suffer much by reason of their relations lives being in jeopardy; and the most valuable and sacred thing of all is, that the public opinion should be perfectly confirmed in the persuasion that the matter of showing Royal mercy is a matter that flows in an easy and in a pure channel; because, otherwise, see what a situation we shall be in: the price that we pay in this country for fixed rules of criminal law, is this, that cases must necessarily arise that one would wish did not fall within the exact and precise rule. If, therefore, we are perpetually to go by an exact and precise rule, many of those cases must be attended with circumstances that one's good sense must regret. What is the remedy? Place the avenues to mercy in such a channel that it becomes easy of access, and the moment there is that easy access which I will describe to you, then all is right; we may afford to have a precise system of criminal law, and yet that inconvenience will not happen, which is the case with every steady and fixed rule, unless there be an obvious and easy remedy. What then is the case here? You know that every subject has a right to petition; it is not a matter of favour, it a matter of right; those petitions go into the office which is appointed for that purpose; there they are fisted, and a sort of primary judgment formed upon them, to make the access more easy, for the Secretary of State himself to represent it to his Majesty; that is the regular, the ordinary, and the common course of the thing. Now, Gentlemen, stripping your minds entirely at present of every other consideration, except the great importance to the public on the one hand, and on the other, the great importance also, that a man should not be improperly convicted, you will attend to the evidence deliberately, reviewing this evidence without any view to consequences; ask yourselves the question, whether these allegations in this indictment are or not proved entirely to your satisfaction? (Here the learned Judge summed up the evidence to the Jury).
Gentlemen, it has been stated, that this man, having succeeded in the business of the smugglers, might lead him to suppose that he had some influence. You have heard from Mr. Baldwin and Mr. Kirby what passed, and Mr. Baldwin tells you, that was the cause of his suspecting him. The question therefore will be, whether the sort of influence that he spoke of was that kind of influence which merely arises from having handed petitions to the office, or being acquainted with some person who might be ministerial; or whether he was to be the virtual party who was to carry forward the petition, or stop it if he thought proper.
With respect to the defraud, five guineas were first stated as the necessary expence; three are received; two more are given; afterwards one more is extorted; and, after all, there was to be something left to her own generosity, which answers the observation, that a servant is worthy of his hire; for he represented, that no part of it was to go into his own pocket, and the rest was to be left to her generosity.
Now, in answer to this charge, you have two witnesses called to you, who tell you they have known him, one of them twenty years, the other twenty-four, and who give him a good character.
Gentlemen, you will take the whole into your consideration, and consider those three points that I stated in the outset, whether he represented himself to be in a situation by which he had influence to carry  forward a petition, or to stop it at his pleasure. Secondly, whether the intent was that of defraud; and, Thirdly, whether he did, in fact, receive the money he is so stated to have received. You will likewise take into your consideration the inuendos in the indictment; of the Duke of Portland there can be no doubt that he is the person intended; of Mr. Baldwin, I think there can be but little doubt; and of Sir 
               
                  Watkin
                   Lewes
               



            , there can be no doubt at all about his being the person intended. If you are of opinion that all these points have been proved, you will find the prisoner guilty; if, however, for any reasons that occur to yourselves, or any that I have stated, you entertain any doubt upon those points, it will be your duty to acquit him.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 65).




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before The LORD CHIEF BARON.
