





202. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     SHEEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of December
 last, a pair of men's leather shoes, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Martin
                  




               
            .
Mrs. MARTIN sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  Robert
                   Martin
               



            , in Wapping High-street


; he keeps a Yorshire shoe-warehouse
; on the 26th of December, I was standing in my shop between seven and eight at night; these shoes were in the window; the prisoner put his hand into the window, and ran away with them; I saw him; there were a dozen candles in the shop; I ran after him, and cried stop thief! and my neighbour, 
               
                  Joseph
                   Wood
               



            , pursued, and brought him back with the shoes; they are the same shoes; I saw the prisoner's face at the time he took the shoes; and he had a silk handkerchief about his neck; he is the same.


                  JOSEPH
                   WOOD
               



             sworn.
About eight at night, I heard the alarm of stop thief! I live opposite the bridge, just by; I saw a boy run over the bridge, from the shop; he was ten yards a head of me; I hallooed out stop thief! and two men stopped him; I saw him stopped; I never lost sight of him; I looked about, and picked up a pair of shoes; I went up to him directly as they stopped him; I searched him; he had nothing about him; he said, what are you going to do; then I looked about, and saw a pair of shoes just off the kirb-stone, about two yards from where he was stopped: Mrs. Martin owned the shoes, and knew the boy again.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
A friend saw me, and gave me part of two pints of beer; and going away, there was a cry of stop thief! I ran, and they took me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMPSON
               



            .
