






725. 
               
                  
                     CATHARINE 
                     JONES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MACCOY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of October
, two shillings
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Barry
                  




               
            , Esq
.


                  ROBERT
                   BARRY
               



             sworn.
I was passing through the Strand on the 17th of this month, and I was accosted by the woman at the bar, who took me by the arm and desired to see me home; it was about eleven o'clock at night; I desired her to quit me, to go away frequently; she as constantly insisted on seeing me home, at last however she did leave me, she returned in about two minutes afterwards; a man that had been with her parted from her, and went to the other side of the way; she resisted every effort I made to desire her to go away; she took me by the arm a second time, and walked as far as Essex street, when I turned into Essex-street


 she pinioned me in this manner, she took hold of both of my arms suddenly, I could not suppose that she had any design to make any resistance, but at the same instant she gave me a very violent blow with her elbow, and that followed with another blow from her hand; I put my hand to my side immediately and missed two shillings that I had in my pocket, and having in the same pocket a bill of exchange of twenty nine pounds, fearful that she had taken it as well as the money, I ran to her directly and got hold of her wrists, and I charged her with robbing me; she denied it directly, from the manner in which she spoke I discovered she had the money in her mouth; I called the watch, she struggled very violently to get away before the watchman came, the watchman did not come though he was in sight, and a croud collected, they desired me to take her to the watchman; then I took her to the watchman, and told him that she had robbed me, and he desired I would give her into his custody, but I thought it notsafe to deliver her up to him; then says he if you will not give her in my custody I will not receive her; I desired to accompany her, he held her left hand and enabled her to get her hand to her mouth, and she spit the money out; I charged her with having it, doing so she said she had not spit the money out, and had no money of mine; the watchman said he was sure she had not, she opened her hands and shewed that she had not got it; I observed the watchman putting his hand to his pocket; the same hand that had hold of her hand, and I caught hold of his hand directly, and charged the watchmen with having the money, I held his hand, he struggled violently, him and I, he struck me, however I still held his hand, at last finding he could not extricate himself, he let the money drop out of his hand.
Q. Maccoy was not near you when she took the money out of your pocket? - No, he was not, he was only in sight.
Prisoner 
               
                  Catharine
                   Jones
               



            . About half past eleven I was coming down the Strand, and just as I came by Essex-street, this gentleman was coming along by himself, and I fancy he was rather in liquor; so with that the gentleman stopped and asked me where I was going to? sir, says I, where you please; says he, my dear I live in the Temple; so I laid hold of his hand, and went down Essex-street with him, and he began to be very rude, and he made me a present of a couple of shillings, and he said he had not a penny more, and next night he would give me another shilling; he put his hand up my petticoats, and as soon as he put his hand up my petticoats he said, there was something there that was very uncommon, and he insisted on having the two shillings again; with that I put the two shillings in my mouth, and he said if I did not give him the two shillings, he said he would charge me with the watch, or take me to the watch-house himself; so with that he began to take me to the watchman, and give charge to the first watchman he saw, and he wrenched the two shillings out of my mouth. It is the first time that ever I was here, nor I never was guilty of any such thing in my life; I have not had a friend to see me all the time I have been in prison for this two weeks.


                  Catharine
                   Jones
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20)




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  William
                   Maccoy
               



            , 

               Not GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
