






255. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     RILEY
                  



               
             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of April

, a leather pocket-book, value 1s. 6d. a guinea, a half-guinea, and 9s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Downs
                  



               
            ; and the other, 


               for that she, knowing 
                     
                        Ann
                         Clarke
                     



                   to have committed the said felony, her the said Ann, did feloniously receive, harbour, assist, and maintain
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   DOWNS
               



             sworn. - The day before yesterday, I and my ship-mate were walking along, and two girls accosted us; I am a stranger, I do not know rightly whereabouts it was; it was about four or five o'clock; my ship-mate treated them with half a pint of gin; they took us home to a private house, I should know the house if I was to see it again; I put my jacket and my waistcoat upon the table, and put my pocket-book into my jacket, then Clarke took it out, and would not give it me again; I put my back against the door, and swore she should not go out. I locked the door, and broke the key; then she went up two pair of stairs, and I went up stairs, and there was Clarke with another young woman, not the other prisoner, and a man, and he struck at me, and I made him go down stairs, and would not let her; then she told me if I would go to the public-house with her, she would give it me; then there was a pocket-book put into my bosom, I took it out, it was another pocket-book, and I would not have any but my right pocket-book; then she shoved herself against me, and the other prisoner, Riley, who was the servant
 of the house, took hold of me, and held me back, while the other girl, that took my pocket-book, ran away; then I applied to the landlord of the house, and he made answer, he was no constable; I have never seen my pocket-book since; then Riley told me to be quiet; I told her she might keep the money, if she would let me have the papers, because there was my protection in it; then I had them taken up.
Q. Are you sure that the prisoner, Clarke, is the girl that you speak of? - A. I am certain sure that is the woman on the starboard side there.


                  DOMINICK
                   DAVIDSON
               



             sworn. - My ship-mate and I went with one of these ladies, and another lady that is not here; I treated them with half a pint of gin; I went away and left him in the room along with Clarke, I know nothing of the other.


                  ELEANOR
                   WATSON
               



             sworn. - I was at Mr.Potts's, when this man was crying out about his pocket-book, and Riley laid hold of him while the other ran away; that is all I know about it.
Clarke's defence. This man asked me to go with him to a public-house; I went with him to my house with another young woman that was with him; then afterwards he beat me and used me very ill, and this young woman took my part, and asked him what he did so for, and then I went away out of the house.
For the Prisoners.


                  ROBERT
                   POTTS
               



             sworn. - This young man, a sailor, and the prisoner Clarke, came into my house the day before yesterday, and he asked me to take her into custody; says he, I give charge to you of this woman; I told him I was no constable; I told him to send for an officer if she had done any thing, and then in the course of five minutes, I suppose, the woman was absent; in consequence of that, the young man made a great many words with me about it.
Clarke, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 26.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Riley, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
