





160. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of February
, a man's hat, value 10s. a cloth coat, value 40s. a striped waistcoat, value 4s. a pair of nankeen breeches, value 2s. a pair of silk stockings, value 4d. and a pair of leather gloves, value 12d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Tiley
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Mary
                         Cawood
                     



, widow.


                  SAMUEL
                   TILEY
               



             sworn. - I lodge in the house of 
               
                  Mary
                   Cawood
               



            , at the Sun and Horse-shoe, in Tichfield-street


; I went home from work on Saturday night last about nine o'clock, I am a journeyman coach-maker
; I went up stairs to bed, and in the morning I got up and found my drawers open between seven and eight o'clock; I had not been at them since Friday, they were then locked; I missed the things mentioned in the indictment.
Q. They are valued at fifty-seven shillings and four-pence - are they worth that? - A. Yes, they are, they would sell for that; I found all the articles upon the prisoner on the Monday following; I reported him at the Guards, and he was brought to the Savoy; I found him there with my property; it is in the constable's hands; the prisoner was quartered in Mrs. Cawood's house; he slept in the same room with me, but he slept out all that night.
Prisoner. Q. Was the drawer locked? - A. Yes.
Prisoner. Q. Did you search it when you locked it? - A. I always do try it.


                  WILLIAM
                   BROWN
               



             sworn. - I am a constable of Mary-le-bonne; I found these things upon the prisoner's back. (Produces them).
Tiley. These are the same articles that were locked up in my drawers.
Prisoner's defence. I was going out to see a friend, and my regimentals were not very clean, and I went to the drawer and took these things out to go to see my friend in; I got disguised in liquor that night, and I was to be upon guard on the Sunday, and did not; I was taken to the Savoy for missing guard; I did not intend to steal them.
For the Prisoner.


                  PETER
                   SANDERS
               



             sworn. - I am a corporal in the 1st regiment of guards, the prisoner is a horner in the same regiment: I was ordered to confine him for missing guard, and he told me as I was taking him to the Savoy who these clothes belonged to, and he desired me to let the man know; I haveknown him four years, he bears a very good character.
GUILTY (Aged 20.)
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
