





120. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     KNIFE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously and burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Arthur 
                           Double
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           King
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of six in the night of the 4th of November
, and burglariously and feloniously stealing therein, a printed bound book, value 1 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Cashen
                        



                     
                  , and four printed bound books, value 4 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Gillies
                        



.


                  MARY
                   DAVIDSON
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. King and Mr. Double, they keep a boarding school

 in Cooper's-row. Golden-square, Crutched-friars


; I was standing in my kitchen and I heard a noise and one of the blinds of the window was loose; I got up and went into the pantry and I found nothing there, and I immediately went into the parlour; I had been about ten minutes before that in the parlour, that I found one of the blinds and both the windows up, I shut down both the windows and I immediately put the shutters to and went up stairs to my fellow servant, and told her I believe the househad been robbed, I missed these books directly, we came down both of us and could not find any body in the house; I had been about ten minutes before and made up the fire, and carried a shovel of coals, they were both down then, nobody had been in the parlour since at all, for my fellow servant was gone to lay down, there is a spring to fasten these windows, but it was not put back; it was about six o'clock, it was dark.


                  EDWARD
                   CASHEN
               



             sworn.
I am a merchant
, on Sunday the 14th of November, I went into the country, and did not return till Tuesday morning, and I was informed the house had been robbed; about two hours after some officers came to the house, with the boy
.


                  WILLIAM
                   ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn.
I in company with some officers, was in Wimpole-street about half past seven; Mr. Harper said, do you see that the other side of the way; I immediately ran, and caught hold of Knife, and from under his bosom I took these two books, at that instant I took them another person, and a little boy ran away; I know the man, but I don't know the boy; the man was Turner, we secured the prisoner, and left him in custody with Mr. Harper, and went and took Kennedy and Turner in a room, up two pair of stairs, I took Kennedy only on suspicion; we took them to the magistrate, next day, and I was desired to go with the boy to the house, where they were supposed to come from; we did, and we brought the gentleman up to the magistrate.


                  SAMUEL
                   HARPER
               



             sworn.
I accompanied Armstrong and took the prisoner, and saw them books taken out of his pocket, I don't know the boy, but I know Turner and the prisoner.
- KENNEDY
I am turned of eleven; my father is a taylor, I work with him; I cannot read.


                  Q. 
               


            Do you know what it is to take an oath? - Yes.
Q. What is the consequence if you take a false oath? - I shall go to Hell.
Q. Mind my boy that you speak the truth, and if you do not speak the truth you will be punished here as well as in the other world. Now mind what you say, deliver the oath to him slow, not too fast.
sworn.
I live in Well-street, Ratcliff-highway; I have not known this man long, the young woman's brother, that lives with him, was bad in a fever, and I goes to see him, that was the way I got acquainted with Knife; I don't know Turner, only by seeing him up at Knife's house; I don't know the age of Knife's brother, his name is 
               
                  Thomas
                   Bristow
               



            , he is a bigger boy then me, he has been in the Marine society, I have been there two or three times; I never stole any thing with them before; the last time I was with Knife, was the night the robbery was done of the books; he lived at the top of Petticoat-lane, it was Sunday; I went to Knife just before dark, when I came there Knife was there, and the young woman he lives with, and the boy who was bad, we went out together and we looked at this house and Knife looked into the window, this house was in Crutched-friars. they saw a light by the fire and the books laying, Knife shoved up the window, and sent me the other side of the way, and a blind fell down, and Knife put his body half way into the window and reached three books, and Turner opened the other window and Turner took up three books, there were six in all; seeing the gentleman's name on the back, he took his knife out of his pocket and tried to scratch it out, buthe could not without scratching a hole in the book, they was going to sell them somewhere, I don't know where; we met Mr. Armstrong, and Turner and Knife were with me, and Mr. Harper went on to Turner first, and Turner and I ran away, and we went up to Knife's room, they kept Knife, presently Mr. Armstrong came up stairs and took Turner and me and tied our hands together with an handkerchief, and takes us all three to the watch-house till the next day; I am sure all this is true; I was out with Turner and Knife once before, but I did never thieve any thing with them before. (The books deposed to.)
Prosecutor. I had been out on the 4th of November all the day, returning home I met this boy with the four books under his arm, he asked me where he could sell them, he said, he got them in Duke's-place; I told him, I was no scholar; I took them of him to go to a public house to look at them, and this man stopped me, and said, I was good for 40 l. for I had been breaking a house open, they took this boy home and gave him a supper that night.
Court to Davidson. What time of the night was it? - About six o'clock in the evening.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
