





56. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     CAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of October
, 28 pounds of raw sugar, value 14s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Blake
               




            , and others, the gangsmen
 of Botolph-wharf.


                  THOMAS
                   SPINNEY
               



             sworn. - The prosecutors are gangsmen, belonging to Botolph-wharf


: On the 26th of October last, between five and six in the evening, I was going to lock up the gates of the wharf, and saw two or three men run away from the area, which made me suspect there was something amiss; I tried the lock down the cellar, and found that fast and safe; I then went and acquainted the clerk of the wharf, that I saw these men run away from the area, and got a lanthorn, to see if any thing was amiss; I went along with another person, I found that a piece of one of the slaps of the cellar had been knocked off, there was just room enough to admit a hand in; I put my hand in, and found one slap was unbuttoned, unbolted; we took up the slaps and went down, and there was a hogshead of raw sugar with the head knocked in; there was a great deal of it spilled about, and we found he prisoner in the cellar; he immediately jumped out, and attempted to get out of the cellar, but the man that was with me stopped him, and he was taken to the Compter; I did not search him, I asked him, how he came there; he said, he was going to night-work, and as he was coming along, somebody shoved him into the cellar; after he was secured and taken to the Compter, the first thing in the morning, we looked about, and found a bag with sugar in it, and several more bags that had had sugar in them, close to where I found the other bag.


                  JOHN
                   BLAKE
               



             sworn. - I am a gangsman: we take care of merchant's property; and what deficiency there may be, we must make it good.
Q. Are you responsible for the sugar in the cellar the last witness spoke of? - A. Yes. There is no communication with the cellar but through this slap; it had been wrenched, and the man must have been there all night, for he could not get out when the man locked up the gates.
Q.When had you last seen the cellar safe? - A. Not for two or three days before; that cellar was fast, and nobody goes into it but me; there was but one hogshead in that cellar that was drawn, and we do not go there for a fortnight together, sometimes; the next morning, when I came, after this happened, I missed two hundred weight and three quarters; we found a quarter of a hundred in a bag in the cellar. (The constable produced the bags and the sugar).
Blake. This is the sort of sugar that was in the cellar; all the bags that we found had had sugar in them.
Prisoner's defence. I went down to ease myself; I was very much in liquor, I did not see this place broke; I fell down the cellar, and there I lay as I fell, for three hours.
Q.(To Spinney). Was he in liquor? - A. No; he was perfectly sober.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
