





645. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WILSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of September
 last, two pair of silver shoe buckles, value 15 s. two pair of silver knee buckles, value 3 s. twenty-four ivory handled table knives, value 2 s. two lancet cases, value 5 s. eleven silver probes, value 3 s. two silver directors, value 1 s. three silver catheters, value 3 s. six plated table spoons, value 2 s. nine pair of steel scissars, value 1 s. two spring key instruments, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Lancelot 
                  Palmer
               




            .
WILLIAM COMPTON sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Lancelot Palmer; he sells all kinds of surgeons' instruments, and hardware
; I am employed turning a wheel for him; I saw the prisoner come down into my master's lower shop, rather before eight in the morning, on Friday, the 2d of September, and he brought down a box of knives and forks, covered over with white paper, and tied with a string; I saw him cut the string, and take the wrapper off the box, and throw the paper among some waste paper; I saw they were green ivory handled knives and forks; the forks were three bladed; he put the box on one side, among some other empty boxes; I suspected him; he laid them on the table, about two yards from me; then he went into the upper shop, and he came to me, and sent me to the other shop, to fetch a screw-driver; I brought it back, and saw the knives and forks were gone off the table; I informed my master, and we found the knives and forks at the Red Lion, in Fenchurch-street; I shewed them to my master, and brought them back; soon after he came back, and asked for the parcel; I stopped him; he said, he was going to shew them to a customer; he was taken before the Lord Mayor, and searched; and three duplicates were found in his pocket by the constable, Zachariah Holmes; here are several pawnbrokers with property.


                  CAROLINE
                   FARNLEY
               



             sworn.
I keep the Red Lion; the prisoner was at my house the morning mentioned by the last witness, about eight, and desired to leave a box in the bar; he came again, and claimed it.


                  ZACHARIAH
                   HOLMES
               



             sworn.
I produce the knives and forks, in a box, which was delivered to me by Mr. Palmer; I also found three duplicates on the prisoner, which I returned to the pawnbrokers, and they gave me these things; I produce a pair of silver shoe buckles, three silver catheters, and a silver knee buckle.


                  MOSES
                   MEARS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Howard
               



            ; I have known the prisoner two years; he pawned these silver shoe buckles with me.
JOHN GRASSE sworn.
I am a pawnbroker in Tooley-street; on the 13th, he pawned two silver catheters, and a pair of knee buckles, for half a guinea; he said, he was the maker.
Powell. I can depose to these buckles; they were left at the shop, by a gentleman who bought them, to be repaired; we missed such articles; but I cannot swear to them; nor I could not say I missed them.


                  JOHN
                   MURRAY
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; on the 17th of June I took of the prisoner seven knives and forks; and, on the 21st of July, some more; they were green handled.
Powell. I believe the case is my master's property.



                  MARY
                   WATKINS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Proudley
               



            , a pawnbroker; I know the prisoner; I have seen him more than once; on the 17th of June the prisoner pawned ten pair of scissars with me; Mr. Lawrence has them; I believe them to be the same.
Powell. I cannot swear to them, but I believe they are my master's; I know there are some missing of the same kind.


                  JOHN
                   FLETCHER
               



             sworn.
About a month ago I left these buckles at Mr. Palmer's, the prosecutor's, to be repaired, and these are them.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never had any intention of defrauding Mr. Palmer of those articles, or any other person; when I first came to him, he engaged to give me a premium of twenty guineas; but, instead of that, he has asserted that he gave me five; but he never did; for there were two weeks wages deducted; so that I received little more than three; and there are several articles that are not Mr. Palmer's property.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
