





346. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Lewis 
                           Berger
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of twelve in the night of the 1st of May
, and burglariously stealing eleven waistcoats, value 10s. a pair of black sattin breeches, value 12d. a pair of nankeen breeches, value 12d. two pair of black stuff breeches, value 2s. and a small-piece of painted canvas, value 1d.
             the property of the said 
               
                  Lewis
                   Berger
               



            .
The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.


                  LEWIS
                   BERGER
               



             sworn.
I keep a colour manufactory
 at Homerton in the parish of Hackney


; the prisoner was in my service a year and a half; the cloaths in the indictment laid in the middle of the factory, over the compting-house, in an old box, for the poor and the needy; the factory joins the dwelling-house; it is one continued building; two of my sons slept in the dwelling-house that night.
Court. Q. Do you sleep there yourself? - A. Now and then I do; there are three doors, one of them is only secured by a latch; this door is left upon the latch for the man that works in the night to come in and draw himself some beer; on this man we depended, because there is one man up all night all the year through.
Q. Is there any thing beside this latch to secure that door? - A. Nothing else; it opens outwards; there are three doors, each of them goes with a leaden weight.
Q. Must any person who came in to get at these cloaths have opened the inner door? - A. Yes; he goes through the manufactory, and then there is another door that he must open to get into the place where the cloaths lay.
Q. Were you the last person up in these premises? - A. My sons went to bed a little before ten o'clock, by my desire; and I very soon after went to bed; I did not see the place fast that might, I left it to my sons.


                  SAMUEL
                   BERGER
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am the son of the last witness; I slept over the laundry; these cloaths were deposited above the compting-house.
Q. Did you see the outer door that leads to where the cloaths were the night that this matter took place? - A. Yes, I saw it at ten o'clock; it was shut then.
Q. Will the door stand open if it is not propped? - A. No, unless it is thrown quite back; that night, between twelve and one o'clock, I heard a noise under where I slept in the laundry, which is about ten yards from where the cloaths were taken from; I got up and came down stairs; when I came down the doors belonging to the laundry were all wide open; there were three of them; they all run with pullies, and I found the ropes tied in knots to prevent their running; the rope of the door that leads up to my bed-room stairs was cut; the outside door was open, and tied with a knot also.
Q. How was the door that goes into the street? - A. It was tied.
Q. Had you discovered that any thing had been lost at that time. - A. No; there was a stick found upon the premises, but not by me, it was one of our men.
Court. When did you first discover your loss? - A. About six o'clock; I had not seen the things for a fortnight before.



                  SAMUEL
                   SIMS
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am one of the patroles employed by the parish of Hackney; about half after one o'clock on Sunday morning, the first of May, as I was coming across the meadow, at the bottom of Well-street; it might be 100 yards from Mr. Berger's premises, I heard a foot-step coming across the horse-road; I stopped till the prisoner came up; he came across the horse-road to a still; I perceived a bundle under his right arm; I asked him what he had got? he made answer, how do you do, Mr. Sims? says he, I am going home; I asked him what he had got in that bundle; he told me some cloaths; I asked him what cloaths; he said, some waistcoats and some breeches; he told me had bought them in Rosemary-lane; I asked him what time he bought them, and what he gave for them; he said he gave 5s. for them about twenty minutes after nine on Saturday night; I told 
               
                  John
                   Miles
               



             to take up the bundle; the prisoner said he had been hobbled twice before, by buying things in that manner, and said he should be hobbled again; I asked him the number and the colour of the cloaths, and he could tell me neither; he said he had bought them in the lump; I took him to the watch-house, and searched the bundle; there proved to be eleven waistcoats and four pair of breeches; I asked him again where he had bought them, and he said, at a barber's shop, about seven o'clock, in Kingsland-road, and gave 5s. for them; we secured him in the cage, and about nine o'clock two of Mr. Berger's men came to enquire if I had not got a man in custody with such and such things, (produces them); I have had them ever since.


                  WILLIAM
                   PETERS
               



             sworn.
I keep the Green Dragon public-house, in Well-street, Hackney; the prisoner at the bar came to my house about a quarter after ten o'clock, on Saturday night, the 30th of April: he called for a pint of beer.
Q. At that time had he any bundle with him? - A. He had not any thing with him but a stick in his hand, except a pair of breeches under his coat.
Q. How far is that from Mr. Berger's premises? - A. About a quarter of a mile; at about half past ten I said, come, gentlemen, it is now time to shut up; he went away, I saw no more of him.
Prosecutor. I know these cloaths to be mine; they were worn out cloaths that I had looked out to give away.
Prisoner's defence. I found them coming home.




               GUILTY of stealing the goods, but not of the burglary
            . (Aged 36.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
