





233. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SHUTTLEWOOD
                  , otherwise 
SHUTTLEWORTH





            , was indicted for having 


               feloniously intermarried with 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Ludgate
                     




                  , onthe 24th of January
, 
                     
                        Catherine 
                        Hough
                     



                  , spinster
, his former wife, being then alive
            .(The indictment was opened by Mr. Jackson, and the case by Mr. Raine).


                  THOMAS
                   BIRD
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Jackson. I am parish clerk of Mary-le-bonne, (producing the register of the marriage of the prisoner, by banns, to Catherine Hough). I witnessed it myself, I don't recollect the party; it is dated the 14th of July, 1788.
MARGARET ROBSON sworn.
Examined by Mr. Raine. I know the prisoner at the bar, he married my sister, I was present at the marriage, it was in the year 1788; that is the man, I attested the marriage, and my hand-writing is in the book.
Q. Is your sister now living? - A. Yes, she is.
The Reverend 
               
                  GRIFFITH
                   GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Jackson. I am curate of St. Paul, Shadwell, (Produces the register of the marriage.)
Q. Do you find in that register the marriage of Thomas Shuttleworth with Ann Ludgate? - A. Yes; (reads,) Thomas Shuttleworth, of this parish, a widower, to 
               
                  Ann
                   Ludgate
               



            , spinster, married at this church, by banns, the 24th of January, 1796, by me 
               
                  Griffith
                   Griffiths
               



            , curate. I have not any recollection of the marriage.


                  ANN
                   LUDGATE
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Raine. I know the prisoner at the bar; I was married to him on the 24th of January, at Shadwell church; Mr. Griffiths married me.
MARY GREENWAY sworn.
Examined by Mr. Jucksan. I was a witness to the marriage of the last witness to the prisoner, at Shadwell church.(The prisoner produced a written defence, which was read, as follows:)
My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury. Under the pressure of my unfortunate situation, I do here, before you, and in the eyes of God, solemnly assort, I knew not of my first wife being alive, but had every reason to think her dead; I was well informed of the late Act, that made the crime I now stand unfortunately charged with, felony, when I married my second wife; and, if I assure you that she had nothing to bring me in marriage, I hope your Lordship will exculpate me from any finister views; all I have to hope is, from the mercy of your Lordship, and you Gentlemen of the Jury, who, I trust, will discriminate the intention of my action.



               GUILTY
            , (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
