





393. 
               
                  
                     SIMON 
                     ISAACS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, three coach cushions, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Pope
                  




               
            .



                  JOHN
                   HAYSTICK
               



             sworn.
I am a hackney coachman, I lost a cushion out of my coach between ten and eleven last Tuesday night; I was called from the stand in West Smithfield, and was ordered to go to Petticoat-lane


 by one Mr. Tobit, he ordered me to drive up, I refused at first, I was afraid of being robbed; I did drive up, and stopped about the middle at the corner of an alley; he told me to turn about, he desired me to see where he went to; I refused to go up the court at first, he said I need not be afraid; I went into the public-house and drank some negus; I returned back to my coach, when I returned to my coach I found the off-side door open, and my seats were gone; I told a Jew who stood by; he told me he believed he could shew me where I could get my seats again; we went to an alley opposite, where we met 
               
                  Simon
                   Isaacs
               



            ; he said why did you bring the man to me, when you know I never buy any thing of the sort? I said to him, Shimmer, if you will help me to my seats I will give you any thing. He said, hand me over 5 s. and your things shall be brought to light. I gave him 5 s. and he told me to go and get a pint of porter, I did so; before I had drank it I was called out, and I saw 
               
                  Simon
                   Isaac
               



             with my seats upon his arm; he said you may thank me, if you had been five minutes later you never would have seen them more. I took the seats, and wished him good night.
(The seats deposed to by the prosecutor.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
He came to my house, and said how do you do Mr. Shimmer; says he, I have lost my seats; I suppose they have only played the rogue with them; says I, as I know you, I will see if I can serve you; if I can do you any good, says he, ten years hence I will do it, God bless you, and I thank you.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
