





138. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     KILGROVE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of January
, twenty-eight yards of carpeting, value 4l. the goods of 
                     Edward Swift

                  , 
                     
                        Thomas Grant

                     
                  , and 
                     
                        Richard Hurley

                     
                  , privately in their shop
            .


                  RICHARD
                   HURLEY
               



             sworn. - I know the prisoner at the bar; I live in Piccadilly


, we carry on the business of a carpet warehouse, Edward Swift, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Grant
               



            , and myself, are partners.
Court. Q. Did you at any time, and when, lose any carpeting? - A. Yes: On the 18th of January last, I was sitting in the accompting-house with Mr. Swift about a quarter before six o'clock in the evening, and happening to look towards the door, I saw a man with a piece of carpeting upon his shoulder, just going out of the door; I immediately ran out of the accompting-house, and followed him across the way; as soon as I had got up to him, I laid hold of the piece of carpeting, and he let it fall from his back, and ran away; I hesitated some time whether to follow him or take up the carpeting, but I took it up, and I immediately observed a man lay hold of his collar.
Court. Q. Who was the man that laid hold of him? - A. Dowsett, the Bow-street officer; he secured the prisoner, and brought him over, and I the carpeting; we took a coach, and went with him to Bow-street.
Court. Q. Had you seen that piece of carpeting that day in your shop? - A. Yes, I had.
Q. What quantity of it was there? - A. Twenty-eight yards.
Q. What was the value of it? - A. It was valued at four pounds.
Q. In what part of the shop was it at the time you saw it first? - A. When I saw it first, it was on the floor.
Q. Cannot you form any distance how far it was from the door? - A. It was some distance from the door when I saw it in the morning, about twenty yards.
Q. How near was the prisoner to the door when you first saw him with the carpeting on his back? - A. He was just going out of the door when I saw it first.
Q. Then of course you did not see him take the carpeting? - A. No, I did not.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You only supposed that it was the prisoner? - A. It was the same person at the bar.
Q. I understood you to say, you were some distance from the house when the prisoner was stopped? - A. Just across the way.
Q. How many persons may you have employed in your shop? - A. At that time there was only me and Mr. Swift in the shop; it was almost dark.
Q. You don't recollect any other person being in the place, except this gentleman you are speaking of? - A. No, there was only Mr. Swift.


                  THOMAS
                   DOWSETT
               



             sworn. - Court. Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know any thing of this carpeting being stolen from these persons, the prosecutors? A. Yes, I do; about a quarter before six on the 18th of January, in the evening, I was passing by Mr. Hurley's shop, it was then dark, there was no light in the shop at all, I observed the door of the shop standing a little way open, and a man standing at the outside of the shop tapping at the window.
Q. Was that the prisoner? - A. No, not the prisoner, another man; I went about ten yards from the door, and waited to see the event of it; I immediately saw the prisoner come out of the shop, and run directly across the way with the carpeting upon his back; I observed somebody pursue him out of the shop; the man that was standing at the shop window likewise followed; I crossed over the way before the prisoner could get across, and met him; Mr. Hurley seized the carpeting upon the man's back, and I immediately seized the prisoner.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner was the man? - A. I am confident of that; he scuffled, and attempted to get away, but I prevented him; the other man disappeared immediately that was standing at the window; then I took the prisoner to the shop, and afterwards to Bow-street.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You naturally had a suspicion that all was not right in the shop? - A. Yes.
Q. You then saw the prisoner come out of the shop? - A. Yes.

Q.You were near enough to the shop to have prevented it? - A. I might have gone to the shop door, and have been apprehended the same as the man was.
Q. But you could have prevented the man coming out if you had gone to the shop door? - A. I could, it was done momentary.
Court. (To Mr. Hurley). Q. Do you recollect in what state your shop door was, whether it was open or shut the last time you saw it? - A. There were two persons came in, but I am not certain who came in last; the door was shut, but I am not sure whether it was latched or not.
The prisoner made no defence, but called three witnesses to his character, who gave him a very good one. GUILTY
Of 


               stealing but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice ASHHURST.
