





71. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MEADOWES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of December
 last, four pounds weight of soap, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Champion
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Champion; he is a dealer in soap
. On the 14th of December, about five pounds was missing, of yellow soap; it was value about two shillings; I did not see the prisoner take it; I had no knowledge of him; I was driving the cart along the curtain road; and I went through the turnpike, and the turnpike-man said, there is a man has taken two cakes of soap; and I stopped, and ran after him; he ran and threw the soap away; it was in the road; it was the prisoner at the bar: there was a bricklayer took him in my presence, at the same time; we took him to Shoreditch, to Mr. Armstrong's; I found the soap behind the buildings; I was present at the justice's, and he said a man gave it to him; I am sure it was him; he was running when I first saw him; he was the person that throwed the soap away; there was no other man near him.


                  ANN
                   NORTON
               



             sworn.
I was going across the road between nine and ten, of a Tuesday, December the 14th; there was two men at the back of the cart; the turnpike-man called, and he put it under his left side, with one button or two; the other man followed the cart, till the turnpike-man spoke, and then hemade off; I sent the young man after the man that took the soap; and one Ditchman stopped him; I am sure the prisoner is the man; I saw him take out a quantity of soap; it was between nine and ten; I was some time seeing him.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
