





352. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PERKINS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of March
 last, sixty pounds weight of lead, value 10 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Serjeant
                        




                     
                  , affixed to a certain building of his
            , against the statute.


                  TIMOTHY
                   PRESTON
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman: I remember seeing the prisoner come out of the house, No. 69, Queen-street


, with a bundle; I followed him, and asked him what he had? he said, what is that to you; and he threw the bundle off his shoulder, and attempted to strike me twice; the second time, he struck me, which blacked my eye round: I took him and the bundle to the watch-house: (produced:) I tried the lead, and it matched.


                  JOHN
                   ARTHUR
               



             sworn.
I am a cabinet-maker. I matched the lead with the last witness, at Mr. Serjeant's, in Queen-street; these are only a part of the whole that was taken, which was seventy foot; but two of these pieces match.


                  FREDERICK
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I matched it; and his piece came off a cistern affixed to a building.


                  JOHN
                   SERJEANT
               



             sworn.
It was my house at that time; I matched this lead.

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
On Sunday morning, the 7th of March, about half past six, going to St. Martin's-lane, I saw the watchman the corner of Queen-street; passing by the house, this bundle lay by the side of the door; I took it up, and the man followed me, and took me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
