





250. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WELCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of March
, a cloth great coat, value 5s. and another cloth coat, value 5s. the property of Sir


                           John 
                           Leicester
                        



                     
                  , Bart.
 and another cloth coat, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Roger 
                     Peacock
                  



               
            .


                  ROGER
                   PEACOCK
               



             sworn.
I am a servant
 to Sir John Leicester, in the capacity of a footman
, he lives in Piccadilly


: I was going into the cellar, on Friday the 4th of March, to draw some small beer, I heard a rustling in the corner of the cellar; I looked behind me and could not discern what it was; I spoke twice, and nobody answered, and I came out, and kept looking behind me, and saw the prisoner start out of a corner; he went towards the beer barrel, and dropped three coats; I took my beer, he followed me, and I turned round and faced him; I asked him what he was doing there? and he said, nothing; I asked him what he was going to do with those clothes? and he said, nothing; I took him by the collar, and brought him into the kitchen; I delivered him up to my fellow-servant, and he took the prisoner, and I went about my business; I let the coats lay in the cellar till they all came to look at them.
Q. Whose coats were they? - A. Two livery coats belonging to Sir John Leicester, and the other a regimental coat belonging to me; we go out of the servant's-hall into the cellar; I never saw the prisoner to my knowledge before.
Q. You never employed him about the house? - A. No; he had a pick-lock key taken out of his left hand pocket, it is in Court.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before The Right Hon. 
               
                  LORD
                   KENYON
               



            .
