





350. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MORTIMER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of April
, a basket, value 1s. eight quartern loaves, value 5s. and a quartern of flour, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Laxton
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM JEFFERY sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Laxton, a baker
: I pitched my basket against a dead wall in the New Road, Pancras


, on the 5th of April, and took out a fewloaves to serve my customers, and when I came back, my basket and bread were all gone, eight quartern loaves; a boy told me he saw a man take the basket away, and pitch it the corner of Upper Cleveland-street; I asked him if he saw the man take the bread out, and he said, he did, his name is 
               
                  John
                   Jobson
               



            .
Cross-examination. Q. You left your basket against a dead wall? - A. Yes; there were many people passing at the time.
Q. When did you see the prisoner after that day? - A. Many times.
Q. When did you charge him with having taken the loaves? - A. On the Monday following; I lost my loaves, on Tuesday, I gave a man charge of him on Sunday, but they would not let him be taken, and he was rescued.


                  JOHN
                   JOBSON
               



             sworn.
Q. How old are you? - A. Fourteen.
Q. Do you know the nature of an oath? - A. I have been told it.
Q. What will become of you, if you tell a lie upon oath? - A. I shall go to hell, (sworn.) On Tuesday the 5th of April, about eleven or twelve o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner in the New-road, he took the basket and chucked it across his shoulder, and pitched it at the corner of Upper Cleveland-street, about 150 or 200 yards from the place where he took it; he then took four loaves out, two under each arm, and went up the street; he came back in about five minutes, and looked about, and took four more; I had the tooth-ach, and was sitting opposite upon a post, and then I saw no more of him.
Q. Had you ever seen him before? - A. No.
Q. Look at the prisoner, was that him? - A. Yes, I am sure of it; I saw him at the public-house in Margaret-street, the Sunday following; I knew him again, he was in company with six or seven more; the baker asked me which was the man, and I picked him out; I am sure the man I picked out was the man that took the loaves.
Q. Now look at him again, are you sure he is the man? - A. Yes.
Cross-examination. Q. Did you see Jeffery leave his basket? - A. No.
Q. Was the man that took the basket going with his face from you, or with his face towards you? - A. With his face towards me.
Q. When Jeffery came up, what did you say to him? - A. He asked me if I saw a man take a basket, and I said, yes; he had pitched it at the corner of that street; I told him he was a shortish man, rather pitted with the small-pox, with a lightish coloured coat and waistcoat, with two or three patches in it.


                  AARON
                   BUCKSTAN
               



             sworn.
On Tuesday the 5th of April, this young man, Jeffery, came into my shop, and said, he had lost eight quartern loaves, and on the Sunday following, I, and Jeffery, and Jobson went to the public-house together, the Merlin's-cave, in Margaret-street, where the prisoner lodged; when we went in, we sat down, and called for a pint of beer; we cautioned the young lad to be very particular in the person, and make himself certain; he had shewed him to Jeffery before; there were then six or eight of them in company, and he pointed to the prisoner.
Q. Did any body suggest to the boy which of them it was, or was it totally of his own accord? - A. Totally of himself, he pointed out the prisoner, we sat down and were drinking our beer, and then the prisoner got up, and walked out, and I walked out after him, and I took hold of him at the door and said, young man, you must go a little way with me down this street; and he said, where; I said, a little way down here, and he said, for what; I said, for something you have done to that young man; why, says he, then, I have seen the young man two or three times before, why did not he speak to me before, if I have done any thing; well, says I, we will have no disturbance, as it is Sunday evening, go with me, and if you have done nothing to him, he can do nothing to you; I told him, he must go to the watch-house, he swore he would not go, and directly a scuffle ensued, and the landlord and landlady, and five or six more came out and rescued him, and the landlord swore I should not take him, that I had no right to take him without a warrant, and to touch him if I dared.
Q. What public-house was this? - A. The Merlin's-cave, Margaret-street; I then went down to Marlborough-street to see for an officer; I got one of the beadles, and when I came back, he had got away from the young man, and was gone; and they abused me then, and said, they believed we were the biggest rogues, and that no person should dare to go into their house without a warrant; the next day I saw him, and took him in the market, the landlady said, he was not out of the house at first, that he was ill in bed all the day, and then it was contradicted, that it was the day before that he was ill in bed.
Q.Who contradicted that? - A. The landlady herself, and several others, and the prisoner said, he was out upon a job; I told him then, he had better send for his master; the landlord of the house then came in, and said, no, you know you were not there only a bit of a night; well, says I, if you were there at all send for your master, he will be of the greatest service; but no master was sent for, andthen the Justice put him back till night, as he said he had got more witnesses; and then, at night, neither the landlord nor landlady came forward; and then, they brought another man, that I had never seen before; and then, Mr. Conant ordered him to go to prison, and said, that if the landlady would come up next day, he would then send for him up again; but we never heard any more of it.
Cross-examination. Q. You went on the Sunday, and did not succeed? - A. Yes.
Q. And on the Monday you went to the public-house to take him with a warrant? - A. Yes.
Q. He had not run away? - A. He was not there; they told me he was gone to the watch-house.
Prisoner's defence. I was at work at Mr. Atkins's, in Berkley-square; I came to my lodging in the morning, and ate my breakfast, and was never out of the house all the day long; my landlady has been here two days, she will be upon her oath I was not out of the house.
Court. I will just give you notice; take care how you cell any body that states to the Jury any thing that they will not believe; if you call a witness to swear that which the Jury don't believe to be true, probably, the worst punishment the Court can inflict will be inflicted upon you.
Q. (To Buckstan). What is the name of the publican? - A. 
               
                  Nathan
                   Kinsey
               



            .
For the prisoner.


                  ELIZABETH
                   KINSEY
               



             sworn.
I live at the Merlin's-cave, Margaret-street, Cavendish square; The prisoner came into our taproom between nine and ten in the morning, and I never missed him out of the house till between four or five in the evening.
Q. On what day? - A. The 5th of April, about half after nine, and staid there till between four and five in the evening; I saw him very near all the time; I was in and out the tap-room every minute almost.
Q. Was he never absent for five or ten minutes? - A. He was never out of the tap-room to the best of my knowledge.
Q. Do you mean to swear he was never out of the tap-room? - A. I never missed him at all.
Q. Will you venture to swear he never was out of the tap-room? - A. I cannot venture to swear that he never went out the while, but I never missed him out of the tap-room.
Q. What is he? - A. A baker.
Q. And what was he doing in your tap-room from half-past nine till between four and five? - A. He lodged there.
Q. What was he doing? - A. I did not see him doing any thing but sitting there; after some time, he looked at the newspaper.
Q. Did he eat or drink? - A. He had his breakfast there.
Q. What had he for breakfast? - A. Bread and cheese, and raddishes.
Q. What had he to drink? - A. I cannot pretend to say what beer he had.
Q. And that was all he did from nine in the morning till between four and five? - A. He desired me to let some of my people call him up in the morning between four and five, he was going to work; I can take my oath he never brought any bread into my house.
Q. We have had a man here of the name of Buckstan; was your husband present, and you, when they insisted upon taking him up? - A. They called him out of doors.
Q. And they wanted to take him? - A. I really cannot tell.
Q. Do you remember any body that prevented them taking him? - A. Yes; there were several prevented them.
Q. Was your husband one that prevented them? - A. I cannot say that he was.
Q. Who did then? - A. I cannot say that any body did.
Q. There were persons willing to take him? - A. Yes.
Q. And why did not they take him? - A. I cannot tell, I believe the reason was, they had no warrant.
Q. Who said they should not take him because there was no warrant? - A. I cannot tell.


                  SAMUEL
                   PYLES
               



             sworn.
Q. Were you acquainted with Jobson? - A. No.
Q. Had you ever any conversation with him about the prisoner? - A. No.
(Jobson ordered to stand up). Q. Did you ever see that boy? - A. No.
Q. Did you ever hear that boy describe the man that took the loaves out of Jeffery's basket? - A. No; a man told me that he said it was a tall man.


                  THOMAS
                   BASSETT
               



             sworn.
On Tuesday morning, the 5th of April, I came into the tap-room, and saw the prisoner sitting in the tap-room, between nine and ten o'clock, and he asked me if I had been to breakfast, and I told him no; and he continued in the house till between four and five in the afternoon.
Q. Did you sit with him all the time? - A. Yes, he was not absent five minutes.
Q. He might be absent near that? - A. No, nor that.
Q. What are you? - A. A baker.
Q. A journeyman baker? - A. Yes.
Q. And sat there from nine o'clock till between four and five? - A. I was out of place; it is a house of call for bakers.

Q. Had you any thing at all to drink? - A. Yes; we had some beer.
Jury. Q. Did you dine there? - A. I dare say we did, but I don't recollect; we had bread and cheese, and onions and raddishes, for breakfast.
Buckston. This lady was the principal person who prevented his being apprehended.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before MR. Justice GROSE.
