





43. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  , otherwise 
                     
CHARLES JOHN WILLIAMS




            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of December
, two cloth coats, value 4l. two pair of kersymere breeches, value 20s. two waistcoats, value 10s. three shirts, value 10s. two cravats, value 2s. and two pair of stockings, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Keddie
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN
                   KEDDIE
               



             sworn. - I keep a public-house
: The prisoner lodged in my house from Friday week, he came home last Sunday evening very much intoxicated; he was apprehended on Monday night, between nine and ten o'clock, upon suspicion of taking the things mentioned in the indictment, I was present; he said we might take him to Newgate if we pleased, he was in bed; he said he would go with us any where, I had the peace officer with me; the trunk had been broke open which contained the things mentioned in the indictment, which I missed; I had not seen the inside of the chest for two or three months.


                  ROBERT
                   WARREN
               



             sworn. - I am beadle of St. John's Wapping: On Monday or Tuesday evening I was at the watch-house, I was sent for to assist Mr. Brown the headborough; I went to Mr. Keddie's, the prisoner got up and dressed himself; he said he would shew us the girls that pawned the things, he mentioned the name of Mary Muckle; he took us through several turnings, and then we took him to a public-house, and left him in charge while we went to look after the girls; we came back again in about half an hour, and found the two girls there, they had come to the public-house where he was; I received these two duplicates from them.(John Bouren, the pawnbroker, was called, but did not appear).


                  CAROLINE
                   BRIDGE
               



             sworn. - I live in East-Smithfield; I never saw the prisoner till last Saturday; the prisoner came home with a young woman that I lodge with; he asked me if I would go and pawn a shirt and a waistcoat for him, and I went with it, about three o'clock in the afternoon, to Mr. Murray's, in East Smithfield, and got seven shillings on it; I gave him the money and the duplicate; he said it was his own.(Jonathan Murray was called, but did not appear).


                  HUGH
                   BROWN
               



             sworn. - I am headborough of St. John's Wapping: On Monday night Keddie fetched me to his house, and gave me charge of the prisoner, he was lying in bed.
Warner. (Produces two shirts.) I had these from the young woman.
Bridge. One of these shirts the prisoner gave to me, and I saw him give the other to Mary Muckle; he said I might make a shift of it.
Keddie. One of these shirts I know by the mark; I had not seen it for three months, my wife kept the key.
Bridge. I pawned a coat and a pair of breeches for him on Monday morning, between nine and ten o'clock, it was a snuff coloured coat, and the breeches were a light pair of kersymere; I pledged them at Mr. Baldwin's for one pound, and I gave him the money and the ticket; he gave me the ticket to take care of, and I gave it to the officer.
Keddie. I lost a brown coat and a blue coat, and the breeches; one pair was a light colour, and the other a brown.
Bridge. I pawned a blue coat at Mr. Murray's, for fourteen shillings, and while I was there he brought a waistcoat and a pair of breeches to pawn himself, the breeches were the same colour as the coat.
Prisoner's defence. I took that girl home to Mr. Keddie's, and I suppose she stole the things.
Q.(To Keddie.) Did he ever bring the girl to your house? - A. Never in this world; without it is by hearsay, she does not know where the house stands.
Bridge. I do not know where the house stands.(
               
                  Richard
                   Johnson
               



            , the officer, produced a duplicate for seven shillings, for a shirt and waistcoat, in the name of Muckle).




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
