





318. 
               
                  
                     DENNIS 
                     DEALY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 25th of March
, three half crowns and two shillings in monies numbered, and a silk handkerchief, value 2 s.
             the goods and monies of 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Crawley
               




            .


                  HANNAH
                   CRAWLEY
               



             sworn.
I sell fruit in the street
, oranges and whatever I can get to sell; I happened to be down at my sisters one night, she was very ill, and I was coming home and going up stairs; the prisoner lives in the same house with me, he is a lodger there, and I lodge in the room above him; when I came home he let me in, and I asked for a light, and I was lighting the bit of candle, and he said, he would be much obliged to me if I would give him a bit of tobacco; I pulled out my tobacco box and having my money loose in it, I put it into my hand, and he asked me for what was in my hand, I told him I should not give it to him; he said, by the Holy Ghost you bloody whore, if you will not give it to me I will have your life; he then put my hand between his two knees and he forced the money out of my hand, and then he turned me out on the stairs and I was crying for the money, and he brought a great stick.
Q. How soon afterwards did you make complaint? - At the same time I told the Watchman, 
               
                  Edward
                   White
               



            .


                  EDWARD
                   WHITE
               



             sworn.
I am the watchman; I was down Parker's-lane, I heard the cry of murder, and this woman was standing at the door all over blood; and she said, she had been robbed of sixteen shillings and a silk handkerchief; I sprung my rattle, and there was some of the men of Marlborough-street, happened to be out, it was search night, and they came up, and he stood at the top of the stairs and said, he would knock down the first man that came up stairs; he lives on a woman who goes out getting her living how she can; I searched him and found three half crown pieces in his pocket, and two shillings; here is the one half crown which is remarkable, it has been in my possession ever since.
Court to Prosecutor. What was the money you lost? - There were three half crowns amongst the money, and the rest was in six-pences and shillings. (Deposes to one half crown piece.)
Prisoner. Ask her did not she go into my room when I was in bed? - I did not go in till he opened the door.
Prisoner. She asked me for a light, and I told her to take a light, and then she would not go to her own room, and I got up out of my bed and wanted to shove her out; with that, directly she dropped two half crowns and two shillings on the floor; she immediately ran down stairs and called for the watchman, I told her to take it up, she would nor, I had not picked up the money hardly when the watchman came in, and she swore that I robbed her, when I declare, before your lordship, I never saw a halfpenny worth of her money till she droppedit. I have no witnesses but 
               
                  Bridget
                   Carney
               



            , the girl that was in bed with me.


                  BRIDGET
                   CARNEY
               



             sworn.
Q. Are you married to the prisoner? - No, I have lived with him these three years.
Q. Now, upon your oath, remember that the testimony that you are to deliver is in the presence of God, and therefore I admonish you to beware of what you say. Do you remember the night this man was taken up for taking away the money of 
               
                  Hannah
                   Crawley
               



            ? - I do, she came up stairs for a light, seeing a light in the place.
Q. Was you in bed with the prisoner at that time? - I was.
Q. How do you know any thing then about the matter? - He left the light for his brother to come up stairs by.
Q. What was her errand? - She asked for a light, she came in and would not go out again, and he got up in order to turn her out of the place; she called out and said, he had robbed her; she called the watchman, then she would not go out and said he robbed her of the money; it was with much ado she would go out of the place.
Q. Where did Crawley lay? - She laid up in the two pair of stairs.
Q. That was above you? - Yes.
Court to White. Was any silk handkerchief found on him? - No, none at all.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 36.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
