





11. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     RONAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of October
, one diamond, of the weight of 31 grains, value 85 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Mocalto
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Asher 
                     Goldsmid
                  



               
            .
(The Case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  ASHER
                   GOLDSMID
               



             sworn.
I am a Diamond Broker
. The prisoner was in my service about eleven months. I lost a diamond: it weighed 21 grains. - It was of a yellow cast. I had had it about five or six months. I kept the stone usually in a pocket-book, which I carry in my inside-pocket of my coat. - The prisoner brushed my coat every day. I missed it about the 10th of October last. - I cannot say within a day or two. I always found the prisoner a very honest servant
. I had not the least suspicion of him.
I communicated the loss to the persons in the house, and the prisoner was informed of it. I advertised, and sent bills about likewise.
About the 20th of November, I heard of it from Mr. Stubbs. I sent him out in the evening before, and he staid out all the evening. I thought some accident had happened with him. Mr. Stubbs called on me the next day, and informed me that he had taken him up. I saw the diamond, and it was the very diamond I had lost; it has been in Mr. Stubbs's possession ever since. Its value is 85 l.
Mr. Garrow. How long had this man lived with you? - Eleven months. I never had the least suspicion of his honesty.


                  JOHN
                   STUBBS
               



             sworn.
I am a Silversmith, in Holborn. On Tuesday, the 20th of November, about eight o'clock at night, the prisoner at the bar called at my shop, and asked me if I would buy a diamond. I looked at it - he had got it between his fingers. - The diamond appeared rather greasy. I said, I don't think this is a diamond. Says he I am sure it is a diamond, from the place from which I had it. I asked him, what he asked for it. He said, 60 guineas. I then step'd out to Mr. Chandler's, the pawn-broker, and asked his opinion about it - and then I asked him who he lived with. He said he lived along with Mr. Goldsmid. I asked him how he came by this diamond. He said, he found it opposite the Royal Exchange. - but I should have observed, that he either said, he had given a diamond price, or it cost a diamond price - I cannot be certainwhich of the expressions he used. At last he said, he found it at the Royal Exchange. I told him, I was afraid he did not find it there, but that he found it at his master's house. He then told me that the maids were out, and that he was 
sweeping the carpet; and underneath the carpet he found this diamond. I asked him how he could offer it to sell, he said his master had offered 10 l. reward for it. I took him to Bow-street, and have had the diamond ever since; and called at M. Goldsmid's the next morning (the diamond produced and deposed to).



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 27.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Lord LOUGHBOROUGH.
