





153. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CONDRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of December
, three callico shawls, value 9 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Harvey
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   HARVEY
               



             sworn.
I am a linen draper
 at St. Botolph Aldgate


; I lost three callico shawls, on the afternoon of the 15th of December, between the hours of two and four; the prisoner came into my shop, we having several customers at the time; he was there some time, before any person attended him, there might be four or five people in the shop, besides our own people; I saw him, I did not know whether he might not have come in with some one that was in the shop, at last he asked to see some silk handkerchiefs which I shewed him; he had a very good blue coat on at that time, I shewed him some handkerchiefs, which I asked him 4 s. 6 d. a piece for, he offered me 2 s. 6 d. I told him I thought he did not want to buy; he turned from the counter, to go to the door, and I followed him; as he was on the step of the door, I observed his hand in his pocket, as if pushing something in his pocket; I took hold of his arm and I said, my lad have you got something there, he replied yes, and produced one of my shawls out of his pocket; I took him back into the shop, and sent for a constable, when the constable came, he took him out of the shop door, before he thought to search him, and he brought him in again; on searching him, he found two more callico shawls in his pocket; I saw them taken out by the constable; ther first shawl has the private mark of our shop upon it Y, and a stroke, and then an R; the other two shawls had not that mark on them, but we have the corresponding patterns, which were on the wrapper, which was on the counter at that time; I did not see the prisoner near the wrapper at any time; we cannot tell whether we missed any of these things; but one that was taken out of his pocket, was the only one we had of the pattern.
- CHILD sworn.
I was the constable that was sent for, I examined the prisoner, and found two shawls in his left hand pocket; I have had them in my possession ever since. (Produced and deposed to.)
Court to Mr. Harvey. How many servants might be in the shop besides yourself? - One.
Q. Had you any suspicion at the time? - Not till I saw him going out.
Q. Is the servant that is in the shop here? - He is not.
Q. Is 9 s. what you gave for these shawls? - It is rather under what I gave for them.
Prisoner. I was not above a week in town, I came from America, I asked for an handkerchief of about 2 s. 6 d. and he desired me to wait, at last he shewed me one for 4 s. 6 d. and I told him I would give him 2 s. 6 d. I was coming out and I found a bundle just at the door, I thought it was the two womens that went out before me, I picked it up, and put it in my pocket, and this gentleman called me back, and sent for a constable, I was looking out for a vessel to go home to my people; I belong to the Triumph of Cork.




               GUILTY of stealing privately to the value of 3 s.
             (Aged 13.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
