





170. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     GRIFFITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of February
, a wooden box, value 2s. two cloth coats, value 40s. a velveteen coat, value 30s. a seal-skin waistcoat, value 15s. two linen shirts, value 7s. a pair of leather shoes, value 2s. two horse-whips, value 5s. five pair of cotton stockings, value 5s. five pair of worsted stockings, value 5s. a wooden bowl with a silver rim, value 2s. two pair of velveteen breeches, value 10s. and a pair of cloth breeches, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Williams
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn. - I live at Uxbridge, I am foreman to Mr. Osborne's coal-wharf
: On Monday, the 5th of this month, I packed up a box, containing the things mentioned in the indictment, to go by the waggon; the goods were packed up by my wife and sister, and I nailed up the box at Uxbridge; I received them from a man of the name of Jones, a brother-in-law of mine, some time since Christmas, they were to be kept by me till they were sent for; I know what most of the things were: there was a velveteen coat, a black coat, and another coat that I don't know the colour or; ten or a dozen waistcoats, a seal-skin one among them; two shirts, a pair of shoes, and ten or a dozen pair of stockings, a bowl with a silver tip, like a sugar-bowl; three pair of breeches, two pair velveteen, and one black; I fastened up the box on Sunday the 4th of February; I took it on my back and put it into Mr. Harland's waggon, which stood just by my door, he goes from Ux-bridge to London; it was directed for 
               
                  Robert
                   Williams
               



            , grocer, Chester; it was to go from London by the coach, the waggoner's name is James Harris; I saw the box again at Bow-street the next day; I shall know the things when they are produced; I wrote the direction upon the box.
JAMES HARRIS sworn. - I drive Mr. Harland's waggon: On Monday, the 5th of this month, I received the box at my master's house; I came into London about five o'clock, it was then dusk; I unloaded fifteen sacks of flour in King-street, Seven-dials, the box was put in the front of the waggon; I set off from there to go to Russell-street Covent-garden, and going out of Long-acre, at the top of Bow-street


, I saw a man go away from the hinder part of the waggon with a box, I went after him, and caught hold of him, he was going up Hart-street; I told him, I believed he had stole that box out of my waggon; he said, no, he had not, he believed it fell out; a gentleman, on the other side of the way, told me to hold him fast; the gentleman then came up, and caught hold of him by the other side, and took him to a house; we took the box along with us, it is here; it was delivered to me last night by the officer, he is not here.
Q.Could it have fell out of the waggon? - A.No; it was so placed that it could not, without somebody had moved it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Matthews. Q. Where was this box placed? - A.Upon the fore-part of the waggon, at the top of the flour; I had put it there in the morning.
Q.Had not you moved it when you got it to King-street? - A. No, I had not.
Q. You had come a considerable distance over the stones, had you not? - A. Yes.
Q. How many horses had you to your waggon? - A.Eight.
Q. And you were by the side of your horses, driving? - A. Yes.
Q. It was very dark at the time, was it not? - A. Not very dark, nor very light.
Q. What time was it? - A. About seven o'clock.
Q. It was possible it might have been shook out of the waggon, you having come a considerable distance over the stones? - A. I saw that box very safe in King-street; it was put so that it could not shake out.
Court. Q. How is the tail of your waggon secured? - A. By what we call a crutch, put up behind.
Court. Q. Would that prevent the box from tumbling out? - A. Yes, it would.
Court. Q. Was it a tilted waggon? - A. Yes.
 - LEVERTON sworn. - On the 5th of February, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was walking through Broad-court, at the west end, joining to Bow-street, and a waggon was passing by at that instant, I saw the prisoner close to the tail of the waggon falling, with the box, either upon his head or shoulder; it did not occur to me that he had stole the box at that time, I supposed he might be some porter who had taken an opportuity of resting his box on the waggon a little; seeing him in that situation, I stopped in the middle of the street, and expressed my fears that he was hurt, as he had had a desperate fall, he was then lying upon the ground; he said he was not hurt, and immediately took the box upon his shoulder, he was going away with it up Hart-street, and immediately opposite the office-door belonging to the Theatre, the waggoner ran up to him, caught him by the collar, and said, you have stolen this box from my waggon; in consequence of the man making that declaration, I helped to detain him; the prisoner made great resistance, so much so, that his coat was nearly torn off; he said, he had found the box, and had not stole it; I insisted upon taking him into the office of the Theatre, when a constable was sent for from Bow-street, and he was taken there; when the waggoner gave the same evidence that your Lordship has heard this morning, and he was committed. (The box produced).
Williams. This is the box, the direction upon it is in my own hand-writing; this bowl with a silver top, I remember very well; and this blue coat and waistcoat, and breeches, and the velveteen breeches, two shirts, velveteen coat, seal-skin waistcoat, and two whips; I am sure they are they same.
Prisoner's defence. My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury, My Counsel, I understand, is not here, or has not exerted himself, in defending me with respect to the charge laid against me.
Court. You do yourself no credit by that observation, your Counsel has done all that could be done for you.
Prisoner. My Counsel has so far defended me I trust, as fully to satisfy your Lordship and this honourable Court, that I am innocent of the charge of felony; I do not pretend to say, contrary to truth, that I did not see the box, God forbid! I was coming down Broad-court that evening, on my way to St. James's market; I saw the box laying upon the causeway, and I took it up, as any innocent man might have done; my intention was no other than to take it to an adjacent house, and there advertize it for an owner.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 37).




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before
Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
