





94. 
               
                  WILLIAM, otherwise 
GEORGE 
                  ABLETT
               




            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of December
, three woollen cloth coats, value 20s. three woollen cloth waistcoats, value 20s. and a pair of velvet breeches, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  Theodore-Henry 
                  Broadhead
               




            , Esq
.
(The case was opened by Mr. Minshull).
THEODORE-HENRY BROADHEAD Esq. sworn. The prisoner came into my service on the 4th of December last, and continued there till Friday the 10th; about a quarter after five in the evening he was missing; I missed the articles mentioned in the indictment the next day; the clothes were afterwards brought to me, and I knew them again.
Prisoner. Q. Had you not a character with me from a gentleman at Hammersmith? - A. No, I had not; I wrote to a Mr. Rowley, the gentleman with whom he told me had lived at Huntingdon.
Q. Then in fact you received him into your house without a character? - A. Yes.
WILLIAM DURRANT sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Broadhead. About five weeks back Mr. Broadhead lost three livery coats, three red kerseymere waistcoats, a pair of black plush breeches, two gold buttons of round hats, and a great coat; I missed them about five in the afternoon, and the prisoner was missing at the same time, that was on the Friday; I had called to him several times to bring up the dinner, but he was not to be found; he was detained on the Wednesday after at a public-house.
MARY DICKIE sworn. - On a Monday night the prisoner came to my shop, I was in the parlour; I went into the shop, and my servant was looking over some livery clothes; he said, they were hisown, he had them to sell; I said, how came you to have three suits of livery at once; he said, he had been in a good place, and he did not want money, but now he had left his place; he said, he was going to another to-morrow; I offered him two guineas; he said, he would not take any such money; he took them upon his arm, and went out of the shop; he was not gone long, before he came back again; he allowed them for fifty shillings; I told him I would give him no more than the two guineas, it was the full value of them; then he went away with them again up the street, and returned again, and said, I might have them; I gave him a guinea, a twenty-shilling note, and one shilling.
THOMAS DOWSETT sworn. - I am an officer,(produces the property): I received them at Bow-street, from Mrs. Dickie.
Mrs. Dickie. These are the same clothes, there is the crest on the buttons; this was on Monday, the 10th: on Wednesday, the 12th, there were hand-bills given about, and my man told me, that these livery clothes were stolen; I was very much flurried, and I asked advice; I was advised to send to Mr. Broadhead, and let him know; I acquainted him with it, and he desired I would meet him at Bow-street at seven o'clock, which I did, I took the clothes with me.
Durrant. These are the same clothes, I know them by the button, I should know them otherwise; I was going to look him out a suit that day to put on.
Mr. Broadhead. I know them to be mine; they have my crest upon every button.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMPSON
               



            .
