





461. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NEWMAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of October
, two bacon hams, value 30 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Sewell
                  




               
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  PHILIP
                   SEWELL
               



             sworn.
On the 17th of October I lost two hams; about a quarter before eight in the evening, the prisoner and another came and asked me for a quarter of a pound of cheese; the man threw down a shilling hard on the counter, and it fell down behind the counter; in picking up the shilling, I saw Newman was reaching something out at the door, and I could not think what it was; they were the only two hams in the shop; then Newman laid hold of another ham; as soon as I saw that, I ran round the counter, and cried stop thief! Newman ran out of the shop; they got one ham clear off, the other they dropped; I never recovered the ham again; the hams were both together in the shop, in one place; when the prisoner ran away, he ran about thirty yards; I lost sight of him; when he was brought back, I knew him to be the same man; he offered me two guineas to let him go.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. - It was between seven and eight in the evening when you lost your hams? - Yes.
You lost only one? - No more.


                  THOMAS
                   GURNEY
               



             sworn.
I am an apprentice to Mr. Wade, cabinet-maker; I heard the prosecutor cry stop thief! he was running, and I stopped him.


                  HENRY
                   ABBOT
               



             sworn.
I am a baker; I was going by between seven and eight, and I saw Newman have a ham; I don't know who the man was he gave the ham to; then he went into the shop and fetched another, and run out of the shop; we stopped him.
Mr. Garrow. It was dusk, was it not? - Yes, Sir.
Did you ever say, before the alderman, that you did not see him give the ham to any one? - No, sir.


                  JOHN
                   KING
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, and produce a ham; I had it from the prosecutor.


                  RICHARD
                   ELBY
               



             sworn.
I know no more than the last witness.
Prisoner. I leave it all to my counsel.
He called nine witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


