





428. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     DRAPER
                  , alias 
INGRAM, alias 
                     
ANN WATSON





            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of July
, a silver watch, value 40s. a steel watch chain, value 6d. a steel seal, value 6d. two metal watch keys, value 6d. three guineas and a Bank-note, value 5l.
             the property of 
               
                  Cornelius 
                  Andrews
               




            .


                  CORNELIUS
                   ANDREWS
               



             sworn. - On the 7th of July, about half past ten at night, I met the prisoner facing Pear-tree-court, Shoreditch; she asked me, if I would give her a glass of gin, I was not disagreeable to it; I went down the court with her to her apartment, there was some discourse passed about sleeping together that night, the price that was asked, I gave, and she asked if we should have any thing to drink, I said, with all my heart, and we had some porter, then we pulled our cloaths off, and went to bed; I had just come home from sea, and had been receiving my money at Somerset-house; I awoke about half past three o'clock, and found no person in bed, and my breeches that had laid under that part of the pillow, that the prisoner said upon, were lying upon the pillow; I examined them, and found that I had lost my discharge from the navy, it was in a tin box made on purpose, a five pound note, three guineas, and my watch; I had observed my five pound note not a quarter of an hour before I met her; I searched the bedclothes, and every thing in the room, but did not find any thing, this was on the Friday evening; I saw her again the Monday after, at Worship-street, and there I saw my watch and my discharge box.
SAMUEL HARPER sworn. - I am an officer of Worship-street; Armstrong, and I apprehended the prisoner last Sunday morning; we found upon her two guineas, two half-guineas, two one pound notes, and twelve shillings and six-pence in silver, also a duplicate of a watch. (Produces it.)
- HARRISON sworn. - (Produces a watch.) Last Saturday in the forenoon, a woman, about the size of the prisoner, came into the shop, and offered to pledge a watch for seventeen shillings and six-pence.
Q. Look at that duplicate? - A. This is the duplicate I gave the woman.
Prosecutor. I will be upon my sacred oath, that this is my watch.


                  ESTHER
                   HOLLEY
               



             sworn. - I saw this good man come in with the prisoner, I saw him in his shirt going to bed, he knocked us up in the morning.
Prisoner's defence. I never saw the man before in my life; I have two fatherless children to maintain, I picked up the duplicate in Shoreditch.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
