





232. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     COOKSLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of April
 last, twenty pounds weight of lead, value 3 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hollis
                        




                     
                  , affixed to a building of his
            , against the statute.


                  THOMAS
                   HOLLIS
               



             sworn.
I live at Hammersmith


. I lost some lead in the week of the last sessions, I was here on the Jury; it was lost out of a gutter, I cannot tell the quantity; I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM
                   WADER
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner take some lead from Mr. Hollis's, it was on a Monday, I cannot rightly tell what week it was, it was in April last, between one and two, as the men went to dinner.
Court. Was the house inhabited? - No.
Was the lead affixed to the house or loose? - Affixed to the house.
Did you know the prisoner before? - Yes.
Can you guess what quantity there was? - No.
Was the man taken with the lead upon him? - No, he sold it in St. Giles's; he told me to stand at one corner, while he went and sold it.
You assisted him in taking it? - No, I did not.
Prosecutor. The prisoner and another man were slater
s, and this boy was the labourer.
Wader. He took my apron from another man whom I had lent it to; I did not object to his taking it, nobody was about at that time; he took the lead away in the morning about ten, the other men were backwards at work; he put it into a stable.
Was it one pound of lead? - More than that, it was more than twenty pounds.
Did he give you any part of the money he sold it for? - After he sold it he gave me eighteen pence of the money; I refused it, and told him I would not have it, and he forced into my pocket; my hand was in my pocket.
Prisoner's Council. I take it for granted,my young man, that you are perfectly innocent of all this business yourself? - Yes.
You never was suspected at all? - No.
You had no kind of concern whatever in the transaction yourself? - No, Sir.
None at all? - None.
Upon your oath? - Yes.
I think you say he insisted on your taking the one shilling and six-pence? - Yes.
Are you sure of it? - Yes.
Do you know a person of the name of Williams? - Yes.
Williams had no concern in this? - None.
He did not persist in your taking it? - No.
Did you never swear that he and Williams forced you to take it? - No, I never have.
You never did? - No.
Prisoner's Counsel. Now here is the examination returned, in which he says he did; you never agreed to take part of what the lead came to? - No, Sir.
How soon did you give an account of this transaction? - Three days; I told one of the men two days afterwards, that works with my master, his name is 
               
                  William
                   Reading
               



            .
Did you say, on your examination, that he put it into your pocket, or only that he insisted on your taking it? - He insisted on my taking it.
How many times was you examined? - Twice, first I told him, in the morning, when he went to work, he said there was a pigeon; I asked him what he meant; and he shewed me a great piece of lead on the side of the house, and said that was a pigeon, and he went up and cut several pieces; then he wanted another man and me, and we would not; and when I came back, he had it all down; he threw a tile at me, it did not hit me.
Did you never mention this before three days after? - No.
Why did you not go and give information of the whole transaction immediately? - I did not know where to go; I knew Mr. Hollis, but did not know where he lived.
Had you any conversation with this prisoner previous to his going up the ladder? - No, Sir.
Had you any conversation with Williams? - No, Sir.
None at all? - No.
You say, upon your oath, that Williams did not singly insist on your taking the money? - No, Sir, he did not.
And you never swore that they both insisted upon your taking it? - No.
How long have you lived with Mr. Hollis? - A twelvemonth; he employs me still, I told my master of it; I have had conversation with Griffith and Lamb; I told him the same as now, how it happened, and he asked me, and I told Mr. 
               
                  William
                   Reading
               



             to tell my master.
What is your master? - A soldier; the prisoner is a soldier too.
Did you never know of any quarrel between your master and this soldier about their work? - No, I never did.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
When I went to work this boy mentioned this lead, I told him to have nothing to do with it; he went up and fetched down the lead; I persuaded him ten times; says he, last Saturday at Lord Fyfe's they did so and so, they took ever so much; and he carried it out of Hammersmith himself, and lent the other his hat.
The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
