





69. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COLLINGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of December
, three womens duffield cloaks, value 30s. and four childrens cloth great coats, value 30s. the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Barlow
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  THOMAS
                   PAGE
               



             sworn.
Q. Do you know any thing happenpening to Mr. John Barlow's effects, on the 8th of December last? - Yes, I know that these effects I have in my hand, are 
               
                  John
                   Barlow
               



            's, these were purchased in the piece, and cut out from the piece, and made up into the articles they are now.
Q. What effects of Mr. Barlow's was it you first saw when the prisoner was taken? What is Mr. Barlow? - He is a silk mercer
, I am his servant.
Q. Do you know of his losing any thing on the 8th of December last? - The property was taken before we knew of the loss, we lost three womens duffieldcloaks, and four childrens striped great coats.
Q. How do you know that he lost them? - I know they were lost, because they were missing from the place where they were usually put up.
Q. When had you seen them last, before you missed them? - I cannot say.
Q. Not even to a day or two? - No.
Q. Had you seen them a week before that? - We are very frequently selling these articles, and daily making application to them.
Q. Where did they usually lay in the shop? - They lay on the shelf.
Q. Having missed them on the 8th of December, where did you see them again? - I see them on the 8th of December, in the evening, in the passage of Mr. Barlow's house, a little way from the door, the outside of the door about seven o'clock.
Q. In what condition were they? - Loose laying on the ground, I took them up, brought them into the shop, and the man was brought in after them, the prisoner at the bar, from thence he was taken to the magistrate's.
Q. Who took him to the magistrate's? - The watchman and another or two took him to the magistrate's, I did not go with him, I followed him, and from thence he was committed. I was examined before the magistrate, and swore to the property being Mr. Barlow's, and after that Mr. Barlow was bound over to prosecute, and I to appear to swear to the property.
Q. Had you seen any thing of the prisoner before the goods were missing? - I had not to my knowledge.
Mr. Knowlys. At the time you received this alarm, I believe neither you, your master, or any body was attending in the shop, you had left it to take care of itself? - Not in that shop, a glass partition was between the two shops.
Q. I see they are the ordinary sort of goods? - They are.
Q. Perhaps you charge the selling price on them, you have put them at three pounds in the indictment, but, perhaps, you would not put them at above thirty-nine shillings, where a man's life is at stake? - They would fell for a deal more.
Q. But it is very hard to pay your profit with our lives.


                  JOHN
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I live directly opposite, I was standing at my own door, and I saw the prisoner coming out of Mr. Barlow's door, with these things under his arm.
Q. Where does he live? - No. 2, Lambeth passage


. I immediately called our, and got assistance to stop him, and laid hold of him with the goods on him.
Q. What goods were they? - The goods in the indictment.
Q. What did you do with the goods? - The last witness, Mr. Page, took them in his possession, when we laid hold of him, he dropped them, and Mr. Page took them up, the prisoner was taken into Mr. Barlow's shop.
Q. Did you see any thing more of him afterwards? - Yes, before the justice.
Q. Was you continually in sight of him, from the time he was taken, till you saw him before the justice? - No, but I am sure he was the person.
Q. Was the prisoner the person that you laid hold of? - Yes, I am quite sure of that.
Mr. Knowlys to Page. Who is concerned in the business with Mr. Barlow? What partner has he? - None at all.
Court. Are these things, in that bag, those that were delivered to you by JohnJones? - I picked them up myself by the side of the prisoner.
Q. Have they been in your possession ever since? - They have. (Produces them.) They have the shop marks on them, which I put on them myself.
Mr. Knowlys to Jones. I believe you found out he had some respectable connections? - Really I don't know.




               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 39s
            .(Aged 18.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before the Lord CHIEF BARON.
