






174. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CURRIE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of February
, a piece of black lace, containing twenty-four yards, value 3l. 15s.
             the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Morratt
               




            .


                  WILLIAM
                   MORRATT
               



             sworn.
I am in the law, my wife keeps a milliner's shop, she lost some goods the 5th of February, a piece of black lace, I know a piece was lost, but how I cannot tell, I have seen it since, but I don't know it.
ABIGAL MORRATT sworn.
I am the wife of the last witness, I lost some black lace, the 5th of February, about a quarter after four in the afternoon, the piece contained twenty-four yards and three quarters.
Q. Where was it taken from? - The window.
Q. Did you see any body take it? - No, I was in my shop about four o'clock, shutting the door after my husband, about ten minutes after there was a person in my shop, I went out and there was only one card in the window, in ten minutes before there were two; I immediately sent for my husband from the office that he was at, informing him of it; he sent and gave information to Bow-street, and then the lace was stopped by the pawnbroker; I saw it the next day at the pawnbroker's.
Q. In whose custody was it you saw it? - At the pawnbroker's, 
               
                  John
                   Hughes
               



            's.
Q. Do you know that lace? - I do, but I cannot so well swear to it as the gentleman Mr. Charlesworth, that is now present, that I bought it of that very morning.
- CHARLESWORTH sworn.
This was my lace, that morning I sold it to the lady.


                  JOHN
                   HUGHES
               



             sworn.
The prisoners at the bar came to Mr. Wooding's shop, as near as can be at five o'clock in the afternoon, and this lace was offered by them to pledge, I thought it was not theirs, in consequence of which I sent to Bow-street for an offacer, to take them into custody, and they were taken immediately; that is the lace which they brought.
Mr. Knowlys. Was not Currie the person that had possession of the lace? - I cannot positively swear.
Q. On your oath was not Currie the man who asked you what you would give for it? - I believe it was, but they both came together.
Q. Was it not Currie who all along treated with you as the owner of the lace? - I believe it was.
Q. You often have persons come into your shop together, one as the owner of the goods, and the other as a companion? - Surely so.
Prisoner White I was going home about five o'clock, and I met the prisoner Currie, and I accompanied him innocently into the shop; I know nothing of the lace, nor had nothing to do with it.
Prisoner Currie. I went on some business to Bedfordbury, on my returning to the borough I picked up this lace at the corner of New-street, Covent-garden, wrapped up in a piece of paper.
The prisoner White called five witnesses who gave him a very good charaster.


                  Thomas
                   White
               



            , 

               Not GUILTY
            .


                  John
                   Currie
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 26.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
