





504. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CLARK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of October
, a cotton quilted morning gown, value 20 s. a flannel gown, value 20 s. and another cotton morning gown, value 10 s. and a linen towel, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cruden
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   CRUDEN
               



             sworn.
I live in Ten Court, Fenchurch-street, a doctor of physic
; the back of my Phaeton was cut, and three gowns tied up in a towel were taken away; it was about six in the evening; I observed nobody by me; I missed them the side of St. Mary Axe; I saw them in Bishopsgate-street


; I found the articles at the magistrates on the Saturday following.


                  JAMES
                   HALL
               



             sworn.
I am a constable belonging to the city; on Wednesday the 17th of October, near eight o'clock, I was going along Bishopsgate-street, and I stopped to speak to the toll-man, at the end of Sun-street, Bishopsgate-street; I saw a suspicious person pass me, a little taller than the prisoner; then I saw the prisoner come by with a bundle, I followed him at some little distance till I came to a publick-house, where there was a light, I caught hold of him and asked him what he had got there; says he they are two gowns; they were tied up in an old silk handkerchief; I asked him where he came from, he said from Shackelwell, and was going to Wallbrook with two gowns to Mr. Grice; the publican knew him, and said he was an honest lad; he sent for his father, he is a hackney coachman; immediately, on the father's coming in he said, father, here is a man has stopped me with these two gowns; and says he, I took them out of a coach which some gentlemen had left; the father shook his head, said nothing, and went out. (The gown deposed to).
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
A young man asked me to mind his coach and horses, and in the coach I saw this bundle and took it out, and put it up in my handkerchief, then Mr. Hall took me; I told him I found them in a coach.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
