





533. 
               
                  
                     LOUISA 
                     LESAGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of August
, a silver watch, value 2l. a metal watch key, value 1d. a black mode clock, value 10s. a dimity petticoat, value 2s. 6d. and two cotton shawls, value 5s. the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Brocke
                     




                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  MARIA
                   BROCKE
               



             sworn.
I am a married woman, my husband's name is James Brocke, he is a private gentleman
, he lives in Arebella-row, near Buckingham-gate


; the prisoner was a servant
 at the time I was robbed of my property; she lived with us about five weeks, she was an attendant on me.


                  Q. 
               


            What was the day you first missed. these things? - On Thursday evening, on the 14th of August; the watch was missed first, I missed the other articles that night, it was the servant maid missed it, it was in her care, she is here, her name is 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Sutton
               



            ; the other articles were all missed at one time; the watch has been found; I see it the next Monday following, in the hand of the pawnbroker.


                  Q. 
               


            Have you ever seen any of the other articles? - Yes, a few of them, they were in my room up stairs.


                  ELIZABETH
                   SUTTON
               



             sworn.
I am servant in the family of Mr. Brocke, I have been a quarter of a year the 1st of October.
Q. Do you know any thing of the loss of the property, described by your mistress? - Every thing. A fortnight before my master went out of town, I asked him for a clock, and he gave me this watch, I had it in my possession a fortnight before he went out of town, I had it a month in my pocket; on Tuesday I put it out of my pocket, on the toiler table, in my mistress's bed-room; I cannot exactly say the day of the month, it was the day she robbed us.
Q. Were the other articles in this indictment missed from the same room? - Yes.
Q. Have you seen any of them since? - Yes, at pawnbrokers.
Q. Should you know them again as well as your mistress? - Yes.
Q. Did you see any of them in possession of that young woman? - No.
Q. Was she in the situation of a servant before she came to you? - Yes, as a lady's maid.
Q. Do you know whether your mistress had a character? - Not to my knowledge.


                  WILLIAM
                   VALE
               



             sworn.
I am an officer, I produce a corded dimity petticoat, a silk cloak, a silk sash, I believe they call it; one cotton shawl, and these trinkets in this little box; the cloak and petticoat I took off her, and the petticoat, and other things I found inher lodgings, the morning I apprehended her.
Q. How do you know they were her lodgings? - I had the key of the door, she gave it to Merry.


                  ROBERT
                   MERRY
               



             sworn.
I am an officer, the prisoner was brought to my house on Saturday night, and while I was taking these things off from her, there was a gentleman there that could talk french with her, and he asked her for the key, and she gave it him. and my brother officer living close by, I gave it to him; I was not present when the shawl was taken from her lodging; she was in my care from Saturday night, till Monday morning.
Vale. I took her up to the pawnbroker's in the Borough, I was sent for by Merry, Saturday night, the 29th of August, or the 30th, I don't know which.


                  JOHN
                   BALL
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 185, in the Borough; I am a servant to the pawnbroker; I produce a metal watch, a silver gilt watch, the out side case, and a metal watch key; it was taken in, of the prisoner at the bar.
Q. Had you ever seen her before that once? - No. She pawned it on Friday, the 15th of August; I am sure of her person, I have not the least doubt in the world; I gave her a duplicate; it was pawned at nine o'clock in the morning.
Q. To Prosecutor. Had you any character with that young woman? - She told me she had been two years in London, I had a written character with her.


                  Q. 
               


            You did not see any person about her character? - I did not. This cloak is mine; I know the lace, I have had it a year; I have no doubt about it at all; I know the petticoat is mine; I am certain to the shawl, I have no mark about it; I don't with to swear to it, but I know it to be mine; he watch I know, it belonged to my son, it was made by Moore, of Dublin; I don't recollect the number; it has been in the family two or three years; it was lost just as it is.
Prisoner. I never was the servant of this lady, but it was this lady's husband that made me a present of the watch, when this lady was ill for a fortnight; after I was at her house the cloak was made a present of by the lady, and I took the other articles, I thought the lady would not want any more.
Court to Prosecutrix. Is Mr. Brocke in court? - No he is out of town, he went out of town some time since.


                  Q. 
               


            Did he go before this young woman came to your house, or since? - About a fortnight after.


                  Q. 
               


            Have you seen your watch in the hands of your servant, or on the toilet any were? - I was ill, I saw it on the toilet that day.
Prisoner. I knew the lady's husband a long time before I knew this lady, and it was this lady's husband who took me to this house.
Q. To 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Sutton
               



            . This girl has said, that a fortnight after she came, her master gave her the watch. Have you had the watch since that time? - It was not in the house a fortnight after she came; the master borrowed it of the child for me; he was at the boarding school.
Q. Do you recollect when the child brought the watch home? - I cannot rightly say when he gave it me, it was very near a fortnight before he went.
Q. How long had the girl been at your house at that time? - I dare say she had been a fortnight.
Q. After the watch was given to you by your master to take care of, had it ever been returned to him till it was missing? - No, there was a strange woman in the house, whom we had no character with, and I told the prisoner I would not put it out of my pocket, because I wouldnot lose it, and when I put it out of my pocket, this strange woman was gone, and I had no suspicion of the prisoner.
Q. Then your master had gone out of town? - He was.
Q. To Prosecutrix. What may be the value of this cloak? - It is not worth much, a crown; the petticoat half a crown; the watch about a guinea.
Q. Did you give her that cloak? - No, I never did.
Q. How did she leave your house? - She asked me to go to her washerwoman's, and never returned.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by a Jury half English and half Foreign, before Mr. RECORDER.
