





161. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BELASCA
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of March
 last, one hundred and forty-four pounds of thread, called Scotch thread, value 20 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Hore
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Hore, a wharfinger
, at the Armitage. On the 14th of March, the Scotch thread was delivered at the wharf; there was a quantity delivered before the 14th of March.
Had you seen it unpacked at the wharf? - No; I loaded it with several other articles in the cart, on the 14th of March, to go to Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Leech
               



            , in Cornhill; the carman came back, and said it was stole out of his cart; that is all that I know; it was only marked with initials, 
               
                  I.
                   L. 
               



            72.
Mr. Knapp, Prisoner's Counsel. There were a great number of articles upon this wharf? - There were many, but I remember putting this in the cart.
ROBERT M'NABB sworn.
I drove the cart; and a woman called out, there is a man taking a load out of your cart; I examined, and found it was gone; it was marked I. L. to go to Cornhill; it was taken from me while I was delivering a parcel at No. 44, Watling-street; I knew it was thread after it was opened, but not before; I pursued the man.


                  WILLIAM
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn.
I stopped the the prisoner in Little St. Thomas Apostle; I found nothing upon him; I know nothing of the thread.


                  SAMUEL
                   EVANS
               



             sworn.
The first I saw of it was, the prisoner had the bale on his shoulder, in Queen-street, Cheapside; then the carman came up, and said he had lost a bale; and a gentleman came up, and touched the carman on the shoulder, and said he is gone that way; I pursued him, and saw him throw the bale down, and run away; he was taken before I could get up to him; hewas not out of my sight except a quarter of a minute.


                  THOMAS
                   DIXON
               



             sworn.
I am a constable of cordwainer's ward. I was at my house, and heard the cry of stop thief! and I went out, and this bale was given to me by Mr. Wyman, at 71, in Queen-street, Cheapside.
[He not being in court at the time, the Jury begged he might be sent for. Mr. Wyman sent for.]
(Produced and deposed to by Wilson, marked 
               
                  I.
                   L. 
               



            72. The bale opened and deposed to.)


                  CHARLES
                   REVELL
               



             sworn.
I am porter to Mr. Wyman, callender, in Queen-street, Cheapside; this is the bale that was pitched at our door, and I took it in while the carman was pursuing the prisoner.
Mr. Knapp. Where was it you first saw him? - At Cheapside.
I believe there is a turning between two streets in Bow-lane; of course, at that turning you must have lost sight of him? - I did.
Jury. How long? - Not a quarter of a minute.
Prisoner's Witnesses.


                  MOSES
                   MENDOZA
               



             sworn.
I live in Bevis Marks, near the Portugueze synagogue; I have known him from his infancy; I really think him to be a very honest young fellow.


                  JOSEPH
                   SEALES
               



             sworn.
I am a butcher. I have known him the last twelve months; he behaved extraordinary well while with me.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
