





372. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BACON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of May
, two yards of Manchester cotton breeches stuff, value 7s. three quarters of a yard of white marcella waistcoating, value 4s. half a yard of vandyke stripe marcella waistcoating, value 3s. and half a yard of cross stripe marcella waistcoating, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wagstaff
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   WAGSTAFF
               



             sworn. - I am a man's mercer and taylor
, No. 86, Oxford-street


: I did not miss the property till it was found upon the prisoner; it was missed by a servant of mine.


                  WILLIAM
                   JOHNSON
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Wagstaff: On Monday, the 7th of May, the prisoner came into the shop about four o'clock in the afternoon, to buy some cloth, I observed at the time he came in, he had nothing under his coat, and while I was serving another person in the shop, as he said he was in no hurry, he was pulling the things about upon the counters, and I soon after observed that he kept his hand down, and had something under his coat, when he purchased the cloth of me, and he would not have the cloth put up in paper, but would lay it down by the door upon some breeches paper; I had put it in paper, and he took it out again; having a suspicion of him, I called Mr. Wagstaff, and desired him to be careful of him; upon that he took up the coat piece, and left the shop; I told Mr. Wagstaff I had missed some things; I followed the prisoner, and overtook him in Castle-street, he had then just taken the white waistcoat piece from under his coat, and was holding it up to look at; a young man that was with me ran on past him, and I saw him go into a public-house in Bolsover-street; I followed him into the tap-room, and laid hold of the breeches and waistcoat pieces; he said, that some man out of the square had given them to him to make, and he would take me to him. As soon as I came out, he begged I would speak to Mr. Wagstaff to forgive him; I told him, I should leave it to Mr. Wagstaff to do as he pleased; I had seen the breeches piece in the shop while he was there. I found upon him the breeches piece and a white marcella waistcoat piece.(
               
                  Samuel
                   Hamilton
               



            , the officer, produced the property, which was deposed to by Johnson).
Prisoner's defence. I bought them on the 5th of May, I have a bill and receipt for them. (Produces it).
Court. I see this bill is made out exactly in the words of the indictment.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 36.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
