





27. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     COX
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of October
, fifteen yards of silk ribbon, value 15s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Leech
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   LEECH
               



             sworn.
I live in Grocer's-alley, Wellclose-square, in the parish of Whitechapel


; I am a haberdasher
. On the 27th of October, about half past nine in the morning, the prisoner at the bar, in company with another woman, came into my shop, to look at some ribbon, they said, they wished to look at some ribbon; in consequence of that I took out the drawer which I generally do to those kind of people, and the other woman said, she did not like blue ribbon at all, and asked me if I would shew her some white ones? in consequence of that I took out the white drawer and placed it half over the blue coloured drawer, and the prisoner at the bar put over her hand into the drawer and took the piece of ribbon out I had been shewing to her, and held it in her hand, and put it from place to place about her. The woman that was with her said she would have two yards of satin ribbon; and while I was cutting the two yards off, the prisoner put the ribbon she had taken out of the drawer into her pocket.
Q. Did you observe all this? - I did, the whole entirely, very plainly.
Q. Did you hold any conversation with her? - I did nothing but make the observation. I cut off the ribbon, and the prisoner at the bar paid me for the ribbon that I cut off for the other woman, fourteen-pence was the price of it; when I had put the money in the till I went round the counter, before they got to the door, I made haste and stopped her at the door.
Q. Had you any person or journeyman in the shop? - I was just done breakfast, and the people who were coming in the shop, were not come. When I stopped her at the door, I told her she had got a piece of ribbon of mine, and she denied it. The other woman said, but if you have got any of the gentleman's, give it him; she said she had not; I told her I saw her proceeding, and it was no need to deny it, and if she did not own it I must send for an officer. In consequence ofthat I told my boy to go for an officer; while the boy was gone for an officer the other woman reasoned with her to take it out of her pocket; and my servant, when he came in the shop, he laid hold of her and took it out of her pocket. This is the piece of ribbon that was taken out; it has been in no other hands but my own; I marked it immediately when he took it out of her pocket.
Q. Can you swear that was your property? - Very safely. It is a very clear case.
Prisoner. He would not stop the other woman that bought the white ribbon. Ask the prosecutor if I did not bid him stop the other woman in the shop?
Prosecutor. She did not ask me any such thing; I conceived the other woman knew nothing of the matter.


                  JOHN
                   WALTER
               



             sworn.
I saw the ribbon taken out of the prisoner's pocket.
Prosecutor. I cannot say whether the servant or the other woman took it out of her pocket, but I saw it come out of her pocket.
Q. To Walter. Did you see that ribbon come out of her pocket? - Yes.
Prisoner. That man was not in the shop at all.
Prosecutor. He was not in the shop when the woman took it, but he came out of the kitchen into the shop at the time it was took out of her pocket.
Prisoner. I was in that man's shop before, I have bought stockings and things these five years of him; stockings, handkerchiefs, and ribbons of one thing and another; I have served him with fish. This woman and I had a glass of liquor or two more than did me good, and she asked me to buy her a ribbon, and I went into this shop to buy this woman a ribbon, and this ribbon was on the ground, and he said I took it; and I have been used very ill since I have been in the watch-house, I lost my apron, petticoat, and gown. The constable told me if I would pay for the ribbon, the prosecutor would not prosecute me.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 36.)




               Transported for seven Years
            .
Tried by the First Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
