





445. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     EVANS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of July
, a watch, the inside case made of metal, and the outside of tortoiseshell, value 3l. a steel watch-chain, value 6d. a cornelian stone seal set in base metal, value 6d. a brass watch-key, value 1d. and five guineas in money, the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Bond
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of Jeremiah Day
            .
WILLIAM BOND sworn. - I am a servant out of place
: I was robbed between one and two o'clock this morning.

Q. Were you drunk or sober? - A.Quite sober; I met with the prisoner in Oxford-street about half past twelve o'clock, she and two more were sitting down, the prisoner asked me for a penny, then she asked me if I would go home with her; I told her, no; she asked me to give her something to drink, and I gave her a glass of peppermint; I did not drink with her.
Q. How came you out so late? - A. I had been in the country seeking for a place; I had had but one pint of beer before; I went home with her, she took me to her lodgings in Buckeridge-street, St. Giles's


, she shewed me up into the room, I felt in my pocket and found my money and watch safe: she asked me what I would give her; I told her I would give her a shilling; she said that was not enough; I told her, you are kindly welcome to the shilling, I don't want to sleep with you; she said it was so late she should not go out again to-night, and I might as well stay and sleep with her; she asked me to go to bed-first, which I did; I put my small clothes underneath the bed, with the five guineas in them, and then she came to bed with her coats on; I said, are not you going to undress; she said, no; I fell asleep, and was awaked by the watchman coming by two o'clock; I looked up, and saw the window and door open, I felt for the girl and she was gone; I got up as quick as I could to fell for my money, my small clothes were pulled out from the place, and my money and watch gone; I put my things on as fast as I could, and went down stairs; I saw a watchman, and told him a woman had robbed me; then we went off together to the watch-house, and found the girl in the street, with two more with her; I said to the watchman, that is the girl that took my money and my watch, I told the watchman to take charge of her; she said, let me go; I said, where is my watch; she put her hand in her pocket, and said, here it is, and gave it me; says I, where is my money; says she, I have given it you; then we took her away to the watch-house.
Q. Do you know, of your own knowledge, in whose house she lived? - A. No; (produces the watch); I told the watchman I should know my watch by a spot on the glass.


                  JAMES
                   FARMER
               



             sworn. - I am a supernumerary watchman: I was crying the hour of two o'clock in the morning, in Buckeridge-street; the prosecutor came out at a private door, and called me, he said he had been robbed of his watch and five guineas; as we were going along I saw the prisoner and two other women drinking out of a quart pot; the prosecutor said, that is the woman, you do your duty; she said she had never seen him before; when we got into Broad-street, Bloomsbury, says he, what is become of my watch and money; says she, there is your money, and she gave him his watch, but I did not see any money; we searched her lodgings, but could not find any money.
Prisoner's defence. I was in Dyot-street between one and two o'clock, talking with two young woman, and he began to pull the girls about, and they ran away, and then he said I had robbed him of five guineas and a watch; the watchman told me if I would give him two guineas he would make it up.
Q.(To Farmer.) Do you know to whom the house belongs? - A. No. GUILTY
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
