






36. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     COOPER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     FRANCES 
                     COSTELOW
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 10th of November
, a silver watch, value 30s. a base metal watch-chain, value 4d. and a base metal watch-key, value 1d. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Pound
                     




                  , privily from his person
            .


                  JOHN
                   POUND
               



             sworn. - I am a gentleman's servant
, out of place at present: On Thursday, the 10th of November, about eleven o'clock at night, as I was passing out of Bow-street, Covent-garden, I was met by three women, two of whom are the prisoners; Cooper took me by the hand, and asked me if I would take a walk with her; I walked with her up Bow-street; I took out my watch, and put it in my coat pocket, because I thought she might take it; she asked me if I would give her any thing to drink; I gave her some halfpence, I believe three penny-worth; then we went into Broad-court


, in my way home, I stopped there as much I suppose as a minute, not more, and I immediately missed the prisoner, Catherine Cooper; I put my hand into my pocket, and felt for my watch, and it was gone; I went to my lodgings; I did not know which way she went, as I did not know that part of the town; I missed her all at once; I thought it was in vain to go in pursuit of her.
Q. Where are your lodgings? - A. In Little Wild-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields.
Q. Are you sure that Catherine Cooper is the woman? - A. Yes; I am sure.
Q. You say you met three women, are you sure the prisoners are two out of the three.? - A. I am quite sure of that.
Q. You are likewise sure that Cooper is the person to whom you gave the halfpence in Broad-court, and with whom you stopped a minute or two? - A. Not a minute; I had no connection with her at all.
Q. As soon as you parted, you missed your watch? - A. Yes; I missed her all at once, I put my hand in, and did not feel my watch; my coat hung back in that manner, (describing it); I dare say she saw me put it in.
VALENTINE ROMLEY sworn. - I am watch-house-keeper in St. Giles's: On the 10th of last month, about a quarter after twelve o'clock, thetwo prisoners at the bar, and Mary Thompson came to the watch-house; the prisoner Cooper charged 
               
                  Mary
                   Thompson
               



             with assaulting and striking her; 
               
                  Mary
                   Thompson
               



             made so much noise in the watch-house, that the constable of the night ordered her into the passage; 
               
                  Mary
                   Thompson
               



             called out loudly, that 
               
                  Catherine
                   Cooper
               



             had drawn a watch out of a man's pocket, in Broad-court, Drury-lane; I searched 
               
                  Catherine
                   Cooper
               



            , but could not find the watch upon her; the prisoner Costelow stood at the end of the watch-house, as a spectator as it were; I had some suspicion in my mind, that she might have it about her; I asked her what she had got in her pockets, she said, nothing; I have no pockets about me; when I went to search her pockets, there was no pocket-hole in her petticoat at all; I put my two hands all round her, and searched her as decent as I could; I saw her hands down a fidgeting between her thighs, which gave me more suspicion she might have the watch about her; at last I put my hand between her thighs, and felt something hard like a watch; I said, what have you got here, she said, nothing; I turned up her outside petticoat, I felt her pocket between her thighs, and something in it.
Q. What did you find in it? - A. His silver watch; I asked her how she came by it, she said, upon my word, Mr. Romley, I don't know how it came there; so I secured her, upon suspicion of her receiving this watch, knowing it to be stolen; the other was charged for stealing of it; Thompson said she stole it; this is the watch I took out of her pocket. (Produces it.)
Q. What did the prisoner Costelow say, when you found it? - A. She said, she had it of the prisoner Cooper.
Costelow. I said no such thing.
Romley. Cooper said, she gave it her to take care of.
Q. Did Cooper say how she came by it? - A. Yes; she said she had it of a young man whom she knew very well, that he left it in her hand for half-a-guinea.
Q. Was Costelow in liquor? - A. Perfectly sober; Cooper was rather more in liquor, she had been fighting with Thompson; the prosecutor advertised the watch, by that means I found him.(The watch was produced in Court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Q. You felt her sumbling about your person - she had her hands round you? - A. No; the minute she was gone, I had a suspicion.
Q. Something passed to create a suspicion? - A. I put my hand in my pocket and found it gone.
Q. She had her hand upon that side? - A. No; I cannot say I felt her hand.
Q. Did you feel her fumbling about you? - A. No.
Q. It was in the outside coat pocket, she had not her hand far from it? - A. She was close to it.
Q. Were you quite sober? - A. Quite so; I had not drank any thing the whole evening.
Q. The prisoner Costelow was not there? - A. No.
Prisoner's defence. I can say no more, I know nothing of the gentleman; three of us women were in the watch-house for this watch; when he came before the Justice, he was asked which he could swear to, he said, he did not know which; with that he looked short at me; if I had been the robber, I should not have stood next to him; the Justice asked him if he knew the number of the watch, he said, no, neither the maker's name nor the number; Romley gave him the watch into his hand to look at it; I never was in company with him, I never saw him before; I have neither father nor mother in the world.
Costelow was not put on her defence.


                  Cooper
               


             GUILTY (Aged 21.)
Of 


               stealing, but not privily from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Costelow, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
