






115. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PHILLIPS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HUMPHREYS
                  




               
             were again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of December
, one hundred weight of lead, value 8s. the property of 
                     
                        Richard-Caleb 
                        Morrison
                     



                   and 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Morrison
                        



                     
                  , fixed to a building of their's
            .
RICHARD-
               
                  CALEB
                   MORRISON
               



             sworn. - This day fortnight I was upon the premises that were robbed, it is an old building that, I believe, wasmade use of for a wash-house, or something of that sort, it belonged to me and Sarah Morrison; I missed the lead at that time.


                  WILLIAM
                   WEBB
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman on the road: Between twelve and one in the night of the 16th of December, I saw a man with something on his back, he put it down, he said it was his bundle; I examined it, and told him I thought it was lead, I asked him what he did there; he said he had as much business there as I had; I sent for another watchman, William Cox, and he said he knew him, his name was Thomas Bruce, and then I let him go; the next morning, Mr. Brown threatened me, if I did not take him, he would put me in the cage; and then I and the constable went and took him, and he was put in the cage.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. This person you saw with the lead, was a person of the name of Bruce? - A. Yes.
Q.Bruce was the person that gave evidence last night? - A. Yes.
Q. He was the person who was committed to Newgate for this offence? - A. Yes.


                  JAMES
                   BROWN
               



             sworn. - I keep the Swan, at Tottenham: On the 16th of December, in the evening, Bruce and Phillips were in company together at my house, in the parlour, and Humphreys was in the tap-room; Bruce and Phillips went away about ten o'clock, they came in about eight; I cannot say whether they went away together or not; on the Sunday morning, there was a report that somebody had been stopped with lead; and I having the care of Mr. Morrison's house, about 200 yards from my house, I went to see if all was safe, I had seen it the Friday before; I sent two or three men to look after the lead, it was cut into small pieces; they found some in a garden, and some in a field adjoining, and some of it was put into a tool-bag; Bruce was taken up, and committed to Newgate; and on the Saturday after, Mr. Tuck, and some others, came to my house, I heard; and Mr. Tuck gave me charge of Humphreys, while he took charge of Phillips.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Did you use this wash-house yourself? - A. No; I only bought the fixtures and things of the garden, the week before, and Mr. Morrison left the key with me.
Jury. Q. Did it appear to be fresh cut? - A. Yes.
Mr. Knapp. Q.Were you present at the examination, when Bruce was before the Justice? - A. Yes; he was committed to Newgate.
CHARLES TUCK sworn. - I am a carpenter: I was called upon to execute a warrant against Phillips and Humphreys; they have both worked for me a long time; they made very great resistance; during the scuffle, I told them what I apprehended them for; the constable tapped Phillips on the shoulder, and said, he was his prisoner; and then every body in the room assisted them; one man beat me about the head with a stick; the scuffle lasted about half an hour; we at last secured the prisoners, and took them to the cage; I had got Phillips down, and he asked me to give him liberty; and I said, I would, if he would behave like a man; he then drew his knife; we got him down again, and tied his hands and legs, and put him into a cart; in taking them to London, they made several attempts to run away; they were guarded by soldiers, and the people attempted to rescue them; I tried the lead that was produced last night, and it fitted the premises.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You did not find this lead at all? - A. No.
Q. Last night Bruce was examined? - A. Yes.
Q. The prisoners were acquitted last night? - A. Yes.
Q.Humphreys had worked for you? - A. Yes.
Q. Then I will venture to ask a question of you that would be hazardous in some cases-Did he not bear a very honest character till that time? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN
                   HOLMES
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: I was sent for to apprehend the prisoners, but they were taken before I came there; they were given to me in charge after they were in the cage; I brought Bruce to the New-Prison, and Trott brought the others to Newgate.


                  JONATHAN
                   TROTT
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: On the 24th of December last, I was fetched by Holmes, and when I came to Phillips, he swore he would not be handcuffed; he put his hand in my face, and said, d-n your eyes, if I ever get my liberty, I will remember you, for if you had not made yourself quite so busy in going to see whether the lead came off there or not, Bruce never would have been committed, and they never should have been caught.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. This expression of Phillips's was made use of after Bruce's apprehension and commitment? - A. Yes.
Q. You mentioned that expression last night, I dare say? - A. I had not time, the Judge thought proper to order me down, and had Holmes up to examine first, and I was never called up again.
Q. Is there any one here that heard that expression besides yourself? - A. I cannot help that.


                  THOMAS
                   BRUCE
               



             sworn. - I was at the Swan, at Tottenham, on Saturday, the 16th of December, drinking with a young man, and Phillips came in, and called for a pint of beer and a pipe of tobacco; he told me, he knew of some lead, and asked me to carry it; I went down with him and Humphreys into an orchard; Phillips told me to wait there, and they would bring it to me; they brought it to me, and I took it over a ditch, and then all three of ustook it to another place by the side of a lane: Phillips put a piece of it upon Humphreys's shoulder, to carry down this lane, and another piece upon my shoulder; I heard the watchman coming, and I threw down the lead; I told him at first, I did not know what it was, and afterwards told him it was lead.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You were fully committed to Newgate for trial? - A. Yes.
Q. How soon after were you good enough to give this account - how soon did your conscience smite you? - A. I was in Newgate two or three days, and then Mr. Tuck came to me, and as I was drawn in, I thought I had better tell the truth.
Q. How came you to tell the watchman, at first, that you did not know what it was? - A. I was not certain.
Q. Did not he tell you it was lead? - A. He said he knew of some lead.
Q. Do you not, by coming here, save yourself from being tried? - A. Yes.
Phillips's defence. I know nothing at all of the lead.
Humphreys's defence. I know nothing at all of it.
The prisoner Phillips called three, and Humphreys five witnesses, who gave them a good character.
Phillips, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 26.)
Humphreys, GUILTY (Aged 21.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
