






234. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAVIES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     YOUNG
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of March
, a cheese, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Turner
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   TURNER
               



             sworn.
I live at Hadley, in Hertfordshire; I lost a cheese at Holloway


, out of the cart; I came to London with flour, and took a loading back again; I had seventeen cheeses, I did not see it taken, a man told me the cart had been robbed; these two men were stopped by two gentlemen; the cheese was found in a ditch afterwards, and brought to me at Highgate; there is a mark of a G upon it, I knew it was one of the cheeses that was in my cart; the constable has got it.


                  JOSEPH
                   ORTON
               



             sworn.
This cheese was delivered to me at Highgate, I don't know who gave it me.


                  WILLIAM
                   FRENCH
               



             sworn.
I went in pursuit of four men, two of them got off; two gentlemen on horseback stopped them, they said they had been robbing the cart; I found the cheese within two hundred yards of the spot.
Q. Did you see either of the prisoners have the cheese in their possession? - A. No; I took it to Highgate, and delivered it to the constable; the two prisoners said they were innocent; that it was the other two men that had run away.
Q. How far had the prisoners got? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            About a quarter of a mile; they had run up a lane, and got into a field; they were near a quarter of a mile off.
- BANNISTER sworn.
One of the prisoners, Davies, was talking with the man that took the cheese; I saw it afterwards, in the possession of the short one(Davies), and they all went off together; they were talking to one another while the cheese was taken away.(The cheese was produced, and deposed to by the presecutor).
Prisoner Davies. I am innocent of the fact.
Prisoner Young. I know nothing of the cheese; I was taking a walk to Highgate, there were some people said somebody robbed the cart; he swore that I ran away; I have got a very bad leg, that I can hardly set my foot to the ground.
Davies, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 16.)
Young, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice BULLER.
