





48. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     EMERY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of September
, a pair of linen sheets, value 10s. a bolster, value 3s. a pillow, value 2s. a linen pillow case, value 6d. a copper tea kettle, value 1s. 6d. a flat iron, value 6d. the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Timlock
                     




                  , in a lodging room
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   TIMLOCK
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 31, Swallow-street


. I am a house keeper there, the prisoner lodged with me, she came about the latter end of September, and took the lodging of me, she directed me to one of my neighbours for a character, and she told me likewise where she worked last; I told her at that time she might have a garret, she had the front garret, there was a bedstead in it, and bedding, chairs and table, and every thing that is common in a lodging.
Q. Was there a pair of linen sheets, a bolster, pillow, and pillow-case, tea kettle and flat iron? - They were altogether in the lodging room, she paid me three shillings a week.
Q. How long did she occupy this room? - To the best of my recollection about five weeks, she absconded herself, and I enquired the reason, and I found that she was in another person's house. a
Q. Did you at that time miss any of the furniture which you had let to her, together with the room? - I never entered the room, I never missed any.
Q. What do you know to effect the prisoner with this charge? - She owed me a week's rent, and she told me that she would give up the key, or discharge the room, but would give me a positive answer on Wednesday next, whether she would keep the room or no; I went over to my neighbour's where she was, and asked for her, and he suspected his room was stripped, we entered his room and found it was stripped of several articles, and likewise found thirty-nine duplicates, and among them the duplicates of the things that were lost; then we went over to my room, and we found the articles that were missing all gone, as in the indictment; we went immediately to the pawnbroker's, I took my wife along with me, who was better acquainted with the things than I, and she knew every article as she saw them; we had these articles brought before the justice, and I swore to them.

Q. Are all the things found here? - Yes.
Prisoner. Mr. Timlock I never quitted your lodgings, remember, I told you I was going to lodge where I had lodged five years, you said very well.


                  ROBERT
                   SIMPSON
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I have got two window curtains, and two bed curtains, that I received of the prisoner.


                  GEORGE
                   HARVEY
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I live in Greek-street; I have got a pair of sheets claimed by Mr. Timlock.
Timlock. I can swear to them being my property, they are marked, they were the same let to the prisoner.
Harvey. These sheets were pledged with me the 28th of September, I don't know by whom, I lent seven shillings and six-pence on them, I don't know any thing about the prisoner.
THOMAS SPENCER sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, No. 25, Wardour-street, Soho. I have got a bolster, pillow, pillow case and tea kettle, nothing more, they were pledged at our house by the prisoner, I am sure of it.
Timlock. They are my property, they are part of the things let to her in the apartment.
Prisoner. I did not pawn the sheets.


                  JAMES
                   KENNEDY
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Marlborough-street office. On the 22d of last month I took the prisoner into custody, and found a duplicate and two keys, the duplicate is Mr. Timlock's property.
Q. Did you go to the pawnbroker's where that duplicate belonged to? - Yes, it was a flat iron.
Prisoner. Did I give you up the two keys of the door out of my pocket? - You did, and the duplicate.
Prisoner. When I went to Mr. Timlock's to lodge first, there was a servant maid that lived with my son, she was out of place, and she came and asked me if she could lay with me one night, and I left her in the room, as I went out to work, I had an apron, handkerchief and caps, which she took and pawned, and left me the duplicates in the room, and I kept it secret to myself, I thought I should turn myself round. I went to a gentleman's house to work, and as I was coming at dinner time from the shop they took me up; I had the key of Mr. Timlock's door in my pocket. This was Friday, in order to give up the room up on Saturday. I had a villain of a husband who stripped me and children, who have distressed me very much; I have not lived out of the neighbourhood for this twenty years, and all the pawnbrokers know for these five years I have brought five guineas worth of things to pawn of my own. I had winesses every day, and yesterday they came and told me that no bill was found against me.
Court to Timlock. At the time you let these lodgings to the prisoner was her husband with her? - I let it to herself, and furniture together with it.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 30)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
