






115. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th day of January
, five bundles of hogs bristles, and various other articles, value 15 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Morley
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   MORLEY
               



             sworn.
February the 2d, about half past twelve in the day, I called at Mrs. Branch's; Mrs. Branch shewed me three bundles of hairs which were offered to her for sale, and that a woman had brought in the morning; I asked her why she did not detain her, as she asked 1 s. 6 d. for goods worth 3 s. 9 d. the boy servant of Mrs. Branch watched the woman out, and saw her join another woman; Jackson worked for me a year and half; I was led to suspect the prisoner from the hairs being tied with lay-cord, which is used in tying up mops; I applied at Bow-street, but could not obtain a warrant, as I had not missed any thing; my foreman went to the house the woman was watched to; 
               
                  James
                   Paine
               



             and me went up into Jackson's room, and in the corner of the room I found several materials relating to our business, such as hairs, brush-tops, and boards, &c. I returned home, and called the prisoner into my room; Jackson was asked if he had any materials relating to the brush manufactory in his lodging-room; he said he had not; I asked him if he he had any hairs, perhaps 14 lb. or 28 lb. he said no, he might have about half-a-pound; I said, will you permit me to go to your apartments? he objected; I observed, if he had nothing in his room but what was his own, he could have no reasonable objection; Langdale, myself, and Jackson, then went to his lodgings; when he came there, he said to 
               
                  Mary
                   Garnes
               



            , what have you been doing of? I asked him to open a large chest which was in the room; the chest was opened; I investigated the articles, and some were found that my foreman can swear to; then I sent for a constable, and gave the articles to him at the watch-house: we stamp our initials on hair brooms.
Prisoner. Whether Mr. Morley can swear to the hairs? - No.


                  JAMES
                   PAIN
               



             sworn.
I am foreman to Mr. Morley: I went to the prisoner's room with James Willson and Mrs. Branch's apprentice, it was between ten and eleven o'clock; Mrs. Turnbull told me that Mrs. Garnes had sent Mrs. Hurst with some of her husband's bristles to Mrs. Branch to sell; I advised Mr. Morley to go home to the prisoner; I saw in his room several things belonging to Morley; I saw the box opened; the first thing I took out was two trumpet hearth stocks; I told the prisoner they were his master's property; (produces one;) this is my master's property; I know them by the make, and the wood; other tradesmen have the like goods, the same pattern. (Produces several small bundles of hogs bristles.) When I took them in my hand, I knew them to be Morley's, by their being damaged; and being so damaged, they cannot be manufactured by themselves; on feeling them, they have a clammy, greasy feel; I swear they are Morley's.
Jury. Point the mark out that you can swear to these bristles by. - They are nearly effaced, from frequent handling. (Produces a parcel of brush boards.) These brush boards are Morley's; the trade have not had any timber of this sort for many months; it is called whole-ends; Primmer, who is in Court, can further identify them. (Produces some broom-stocks.) These were made by Carr, of Tunbridge; these are not manufactured by Morley; therefore have not his mark: I do not swear to the wire-board.
Morley. When Jackson was going to be conveyed from his lodgings, Langdale and Jackson being on the stairs, he begged he might return, and speak to me; they returned, and Jackson declared the property to be mine; he was not stimulated by any promise of favour, or by any threat; he said he would give it up to me, if I would not expose him to the trade.


                  ROBERT
                   LANGDALE
               



             sworn.
On the evening of the 2d of February, my master requested me to call Jackson;we went into the parlour; the question my master put to Jackson was, What quantity of hairs he had? he said about half-a-pound; he asked him if he had 28 lb. or 14 lb. or 3 lb. he then said he might have about three quarters of a pound: I urged Mr. Morley's request of suffering him (Mr. Morley) to go to his apartment; he at length complied; I looked round the room, and saw some broom-heads of his own manufacture: I cannot swear to any of the goods.


                  SAMUEL
                   COWER
               



             sworn.
This wire-board I made (produces a wire-board and an eight-over horse-brush); I have reason to believe it is my make.


                  WILLIAM
                   PRIMMER
               



             sworn.
I know my own work; these brush-boards are my work; I cannot say how long these have been made; I have worked for a man on Snow-hill three days only.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My Lord, so far as this I know, this is not my master's property; I have worked for myself seven years, and bought hair and other articles in the brush line; it is impossible for any person to swear to the hair.


                  RICHARD
                   MORGAN
               



             sworn.
I heard the prisoner confess that the property was Mr. Morley's, if he would not expose him to the trade; Mr. Morley's reply was, that it was out of his power.


                  WILLIAM
                   HILLIER
               



             sworn.
I am a brushmaker; I have known the prisoner twelve years; he has worked for me; he bears a good character.
(The prisoner called four other witnesses, who gave him a good character.)



               GUILTY
            , (Aged 40.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
