





155. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HAWTHORNE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th day of December
 last, one man's leather saddle, with a pair of iron stirrups, plated with silver, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jeremiah 
                     Blakeman
                  




               
            .


                  JEREMIAH
                   BLAKEMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a timber merchant
. I lost a saddle and stirrups.


                  ROBERT
                   TURNER
               



             sworn.
I am a sadler. I prove the property.


                  JOSEPH
                   FOSTER
               



             sworn.
I drive the Limehouse stage. The prisoner told me his master had given him a saddle, because the dog had gnawed the stuff of the lining out; I believe it was this day (Thursday) five or six weeks; I saw him at the Britannia, Limehouse; he did not shew me the saddle; he said, there were plated stirrups; next morning I took out my corn bag, and carried it into the house, and met the prisoner at the door of the Britannia; says he, there it is; what will you have to drink? he did not give it me: I saw the saddle lay at the top of my coach box: we had a glass of liquor each: I put the saddle into the boot, and drove off; I took it to Mr. Talbot, Whitechapel-road; he told me to call again; he said he could not afford to give above twelve shillings; he asked me where I had it; I told him I suspected it was stolen: I asked nothing for it: I said I would send the man himself; I left the saddle, and went to Mr. Blakeman, whose servant I knew the prisoner was; I met the prisoner as I was going; he asked me how I came on? I said, I would tell him presently: I think I should know the saddle again: the prisoner came half an hour afterwards, and asked me how I came on with it; I told him I could not tell him, till four o'clock.


                  JOHN
                   DENNIS
               



             sworn.
I am hostler at the Britannia, Limehouse; the prisoner brought the saddle to me on Friday morning; and desired me to give it to the coachman; it had plated stirrups; I put it on the coach box: I should know it again.
Blakeman. I cannot swear to it; but I missed one of that description; the prisoner was servant to me when I first missed it; he went off directly: Foster informed me of the loss of it, of a Friday, about five weeks ago: I had a new saddle besides this; I bought this saddle of Mr. Talbot about May last.
(The saddle produced.)

Talbot. I sold this to Mr. Blakeman; I know it by the make and cypher, R. C. I took it of a gentleman in change; it had plated stirrups.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say. I have no witness.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
