





257. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SINGLETON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of May
 last, twenty-seven yards of callico, value 27 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Pickford
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Pickford
                  



               
            .
The case opened by Mr. Garrow.


                  JOSEPH
                   BUCKLEY
               



             sworn.
I am porter to Mr. Miller, Manchester warehouse-man, No. 28, King-street, Cheapside; I packed up some goods, and delivered the goods at the usual place, the Swan with Two Necks, Lad-lane


, at the warehouse door; I delivered them the 26th of May.



                  JOHN
                   MARTIN
               



             sworn.
I am head porter to this waggon, they have several packages; the prisoner was a porter
 under me between two and three years; on the 30th of May last I was at the Crown in Lad-lane, having a pint of beer, and the prisoner went up Swan-yard, and turned to the right hand; I went up in about two or three minutes, and could not see him; in half an hour he was coming down the yard with a bundle under his arm; I said, Singleton, what have you got? he says, some linen: says I, let's see; they were tied up in his apron; I said, pretty linen, indeed; says he, master be as easy with me as you can: I said, damn me, where did you get them? he said, I took them out of the wrapper.
Court. Did you promise that in case he would confess, you would shew him favour? - No, Sir, I sent for a constable, and carried him to the compter; on the Monday we rummaged the warehouse, between the warehouse and the stable there are some iron bars to give light; behind some straw in another warehouse we found the wrapper, that was a place it should not have been in; it had been opened and sewn up again.
(The wrapper produced and deposed to.)


                  BENJAMIN
                   DIXON
               



             sworn.
I received these goods from Martin, this is the same apron, I saw nothing of the wrapper.
Court to Miller. That is the same wrapper you found in the stable? - Yes.


                  ROBERT
                   MANTON
               



             sworn.
You are in the employ of Mr. Miller? - I am.
Look at some of these things, and tell us whether they are the property of Mr. Miller? - When I took it out of the sheet that contained the goods, when it came up from Manchester, I saw this remarkable stain upon it; I called Mr. Miller to shew it him.
Are you sure that was one of those you delivered? - Very confident of it.
Buckley. The direction is my own handwriting.


                  JOHN
                   JACKSON
               



             sworn.
I prove that the names are properly spelled in the indictment.
The prisoner called four witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
