





338. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DARBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 13th day of June
 last, one silver watch, value 35 s. one piece of silk ribbon, value 1 d. a brass key, value 1 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Holton
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   HOLTON
               



             sworn.
I am a brewer's servant
: I lost my watch on the 13th of June, on Wednesday, between three and four in the afternoon; I had been at work; it was taken out of my drawer; I saw it next day at Bow-street.


                  SARAH
                   HOLTON
               



             sworn.
I am wife of the last witness; we live in Whiterose-alley


; I saw my husband's watch on Wednesday in the drawer in my bedroom; the drawer was not locked; my husband was out; I went down stairs, and left my room door open; I did not stop a minute; I opened the drawer between five and six o'clock, and missed the watch; the prisoner was an acquaintance of my husband's; I left him in the room while I went down; he stopped about half an hour after I came up; the pawnbroker has the watch.


                  CHRISTOPHER
                   LAMB
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker's servant; I took in a silver watch of the prisoner on the 13th of June, about six in the evening.
(Produced.)


                  JOHN
                   FURNEAUX
               



             sworn.
I am an officer; on Wednesday evening I was applied to to apprehend the prisoner; I searched the prisoner, and found this pocket-book and duplicate on him.
(The watch deposed to by the number 3379, and the key
Prisoner. Please your Lordship, I was in company with one Pat Coyland, and he said if I could pawn his watch we might have a drink.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 24.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
