





103. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CRAWLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of January
 last, one yard and three quarters of India muslin, called turban, value 11 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Thwaites
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .



                  JOSEPH
                   CRAIG
               



             sworn.
I am servant to 
               
                  John
                   Thwaites
               



            , linen-draper
, No. 306, High Holborn


. On Thursday, the 27th of January, between six and seven in the evening, the prisoner came into the shop of 
               
                  John
                   Thwaites
               



            , and asked to look at some muslin neckcloths about half-a-crown or two shillings; I shewed him one, and asked him twenty-one pence for it; he said it was not worth eighteen-pence; I told him I would shew him one at eighteen-pence; and immediately did; he bid me fourteen, and immediately turned round, and was going out; I did not like his manner of going out; I followed him; and as he stepped on the threshold of the door, I saw a piece of muslin India turban; and this piece of muslin dropped from under his coat; it fell into the shop; he was without the door, on the threshold; I laid hold of him, and I saw another young man take up the muslin; and he gave it to me; immediately after, I brought Crawley into the shop; I have kept it ever since; it never was out of my sight; the value of it is eleven shillings; it is India turban with British work; it cost eleven shillings; the other young man's name is 
               
                  William
                   Brown
               



            ; he is not here; 
               
                  Thomas
                   James
               



            , and a customer, was also in the shop; they are not here; I saw this piece of muslin before in the course of that day; it was in a wrapper on the counter, in which we put our neckcloths; it was a single one; I did not see the prisoner take it; but I rather suspected him by his manner of going off; I am certain to the muslin, by the mark C. C.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I offered him eighteen-pence, and he would not take less than two and twenty-pence; he bid me to go along for a rascal; and he jumped over the counter; and whether he kicked this muslin off the counter himself, I do not know; I never had it.
Craig. I had no dispute with him before I brought him back; I have not sworn from any motives of resentment; I am sure I saw the muslin drop from the prisoner.




               GUILTY, not privily
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
