





44. 
               
                  
                     EVAN 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of November
, two shammoy leather skins, value 2 s. seven leather deer skins, value 7 s. four cloth coloured skins, value 4 s. a red skin, value 10 d. one leather flesh coloured skin, value 10 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Savage
                  




               
            , the elder.


                  SAMUEL
                   SAVAGE
               



            , jun. sworn.
I am the son of Mr. Savage, he lives in Chiswell-street


; the prisoner was our porter
, and had the care of the stable, at that time, and has had it for five years past. On Tuesday the 16th of November, I was in the stable; two tarrier dogs were working in the straw for vermine; after they had scratched up the straw, they scratched up a bundle, containing two leather linings; I went out to Bow-street, and left it in the same situation, in which they were first found, in order to detect the thief; and when I came back with a search warrant, I gave it to an officer, and we went to the apartments of the prisoner; he was at dinner; about four o'clock in the afternoon we told him that we had a search warrant, and that it was the best way to deliver up what he had; he went up stairs, and we with him, and there were several boxes one upon another, and he himself unlocked the topmost box, and took outseveral skins with the letter S. on them, he said this was all; I believe lenity was proposed to him: these things are the property of my father; here are four skins; I found seven others; I have no doubt of their being my father's property.
Are the skins there found in the stable? - Yes they are.
Mr. Knapp, prisoner's Counsel. I want to know the situation of this stable; is it in a yard adjoining to this house? - It is.
It was not locked up at that time? - No.
So that any one might have free access? My reason for believing it to be the prisoner was, because he was the man that looked after the horses.
There was no lock to it, and thereby any one might have free access to it as much as the prisoner, and this man hath been your servant for five years past? - He has.
I believe at Bow-street there was some difficulty about speaking to the property? - I wished to be more positive, that was the reason; I did not swear, because I wanted time to recollect.
Hath the prisoner at any time been used to buy any skins whatever? - I never heard him ask to buy any.
HEWIS sworn.
I am a constable; I had a search warrant to search the prisoner's apartments, and I found thirteen skins in his bed-room; they were in his custody, he took them from two different boxes, they were both locked, and he had the key of them.
Cross Examination.
The prisoner was at dinner, he did not refuse to come out to you at all? - None in the least.
Did he refuse you to open the box; he himself unlocked the box, and shewed you the things? - Yes he did.
Was there any thing passed, that he bought these skins of Mr. Savage's brother? - No.
The box was opened by your desire; the first box he opened very readily? - I told him if he did not make haste I would break it open.
Court to Hewis. Did you go with the prisoner to Mr. Savage's house? - Yes; and I asked him if any of these skins were the skins in the stable; he went up into the loft, and there was room for only one person at a time, as soon as he went up, Mr. Savage had a lanthorn and a candle, and I went up, and the prisoner had got the skins in the loft and brought them to me.
Court to Savage. Are these the skins you found in the stable? - I believe they are, they have never been out of the possession of the Constable; when I went out they were in the stable, and when I came back from Bow-street, I found the prisoner clearing the room of the stable; I sent the prisoner to Dice Key, to consult what to do, and immediately as the prisoner was gone, I found the skins missing, and that was the very same parcel produced from the loft.
Mr. Knapp. What is the mark you know them by? - By the letter S.
On any of them are no other marks than the letter S.? - Yes; there are my men's marks on them.
Your men make the same marks on all the skins, therefore all that you can swear to is, that it is such a mark as your men make? - Yes; it is.
With respect to the letter S. these skins that are particularly marked, those are the same amongst a great number of others, and all the skins of a certain description have that letter S.? - Yes; and they have the men's mark beside.


                  FRANCIS
                   BRADFORD
               



             sworn.
I am a manufacturer of skins, that is one of my doing.
Mr. Knapp. You mark always with the same mark? - Yes.
And that is all the way you know any thing at all about it? - Yes.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
These here men they came to my house when I was at dinner, they called me out to the passage, and asked me for the skins that were in the stable, that I took away; I told them that I did not take any away; they said that they had got a warrant tosearch, and it was better for me to own directly; I went up stairs and opened the box, and they took the property that I bought, and I let them take any thing, my shirts and any thing; as to these skins in the stable, I happened to go to the stable, I was looking after the horses, and I took the fork to take some straw to throw out under the horses, and I saw a bundle of skins under the manger; I threw them up on the hay, and there I left them, and when they came and asked me for them, I told them where they were, and gave it them.
The prisoner called five witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
