





24. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHITEHEAD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of November
, a pair of velveteen breeches, value 18 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Enoch
                        




                     
                  , privately from his shop
            .


                  JOHN
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn.
I am seventeen; 
               
                  John
                   Whitehead
               



             came into 
               
                  Richard
                   Enoch
               



            's shop, on the 20th of November, in Oxford-road


: he keeps a sale shop
, with a pretence to buy a pair of breeches velveteen; I looked out two pair for him to try on, he tried on both; I am an apprentice, one of the pairs fitted him, he asked the price, my master told him 18 s. he wanted a pair that would come cheaper, my master told him he would not shew him any more; in putting his own breeches on again, he put these breeches up his back, and tucked them in his back, and as he was going out of the door of the shop, I saw one knee of the breeches hanging out of his breeches; the other witness and my master saw it at the same time; and the other witness went out and caught him as he was turning the corner of Oxford-road, we took him in a coach to Bow-street; he was in the shop twice with a pretence to buy a pair of breeches, but never bought any.
Prisoner. What did I bring with me? - Nothing at all.
Prisoner. Them breeches were bought of your master. (The breeches produced.)

Prisoner. When I went into the shop the boy was not in the shop. - I was present. When he was in the coach to take him to Bow-street, he wanted to make it up with my master.


                  SAMUEL
                   RUMBOLD
               



             sworn.
On Tuesday the 20th of November, I went into Mr. Enoch's shop, I had a little business with him, the prisoner at the bar at that time was in the back parlour trying on breeches, after he pulled on his own breeches, and returning out of the shop, there was some conversation took place, between the prisoner and Mr. Enoch, Mr. Enoch said, that he believed he rather came with an intent to steal a pair of breeches more than to buy, with that the prisoner seemed very much affronted; Mr. Enoch told him, he would shew him no more, and wished never to see him there any more; the prisoner said, he never would come there any more; after that the prisoner had buttoned up his breeches, and returned out of the shop; I cannot pretend to say, I perceived it before or after he had got out of the shop door; I perceived one knee hanging out of the hind part of the skirt of his coat, five or six inches; he was out of the shop and passing by the window; on seeing this, I went after him, he perceived that somebody was after him, he began to run, he just turned the corner of Mr. Enoch's shop; I caught hold of the hind part of the skirts of his coat, collars him and accused him of the theft; I suppose he was about a dozen or fourteen yards from the shop; with that other assistance came up, and we took him to Bow-street, in an hackney coach; he was examined by the sitting magistrate and committed to Newgate; Mr. Enoch permitted the breeches to be taken out in the coach, going to Bow-street; when I saw the prisoner go by the window, I followed him to the door, but I did not see the breeches till I was at the door.
Prisoner. Please you my lord, on the 22d of October, one 
               
                  William
                   Parkinson
               



             and 
               
                  John
                   Thompson
               



            , was in this man's shop to buy some Goods, one bought him a pair of breeches and left him 2 s. 6 d. earnest to make him a coat. Please you my lord, I was drinking at the French-horn, in Holborn, meaning to go to Brentford to work; I am a gardener
; I had three pints of porter, saw this man with these breeches to sell; they said, they would suit that young man; he says, I gave 14 s. 6 d. for them; he said, he bought them of this gentleman, my prosecutor, and said, that he gave him 6 d. back again. I gave the landlord a golden guinea, to give me change, he told me the guinea wanted 4 d. he would not give change; I gave him two half guineas, and he gave me change to give 14 s. for the breeches. I have two brothers that live twenty-one miles off, they sent to me for some money, as I had 50 l. left me, and I thought to send them these breeches, and to buy another pair for myself if I could. There is the prosecutor let him say it is not the truth, if he does not I am done.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not privately
            . (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
