





396. 
               
                  
                     CHRISTOPHER 
                     COLLINGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of August
, two pair of silver shoe buckles, value 30s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Chandler
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT
                   CHANDLER
               



             sworn.
I am a silversmith and jeweller
.
Q. When were you robbed? - The 31st of August last, Monday.
Q. Was the prisoner a servant or a stranger? - A stranger. I was out at the time; I did not come home that night; the first I heard of it was the next morning.
Q. You prove your property, I suppose? - Yes.
Q. When had you last seen the shoe buckles before you went out? - About three hours before that I set the drawers to rights, about the middle of the day.
Q. In what street do you live? - In Leicester-square


.



                  WILLIAM
                   DEANE
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to Mr. Chandler. Between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner at the bar came into the shop (we had light all the lamps) he asked for a pair of buckles; I was so busy at that time with a lady I could not serve him, I let him stop about three minutes, just before I went to him, he said, are you going to serve me? On my going up to serve him I found the silver buckle drawer pulled open about twelve or fourteen inches; I told him that I suspected him taking a pair of silver backles out of this drawer, and I insisted on searching his pockets. I found two pair of silver buckles in them.
Q. Did you see the boy near the drawer while you were serving the lady? - He was close to it, and no other person near it. I took the two pair out of one pocket.
Prisoner. I would be very glad to go to sea, to serve, my King and country.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 12.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
