





298. 
               
                  HELENA 
                  HOLMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of April
, one hundred and sixty-nine copper halfpence, value 7s. 2d. 1/2 twelve farthings, value 3d. ten pieces of copper, called medals, value 4d. one hundred and sixty-two halfpence, value 6s. 9d. nine farthings, value 2d. eight half crowns, value 1l. three shillings and five sixpence; two pieces of metal, value 1d. two pieces of silver, value 6d. four metal cloak pins, value 1s. six brass hooks, value 6d. an iron knife with a wooden handle, value 4d. and an iron fork with ditto, value 2d. the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Dolly
                     




.(The case opened by Mr. Gurney.)


                  THOMAS
                   DOLLY
               



             sworn.
I am a publican
 in Grub-street


; I hired the prisoner as a bar maid
, about the middle of December last.
Q. Did you ever miss any property received at the bar? - I thought there was a shortness in the money several times, but it was impossible for me to tell the exact amount that was received there; I marked sixty or sixty-one halfpence and placed them in a box in my bed room, where I put the halfpence when I had more in the till than I can cleverly pull it in and out with. I missed ten of the marked ones on the Saturday that my daughter see the halfpence in her box.

Q. On what day did you mark these halfpence? - On the Sunday morning before.
Q.And what day did you miss the ten? - On the Wednesday following, the 29th of April. In consequence of that I sent for an officer; he asked her to go out, and I thought it was proper to have her searched, as the money was missing, to see whether my suspicions were well founded or not. When she went up stairs to clean herself, I followed her up stairs, and told her I had some reason to suppose that she had robbed me; she said, she had not; says I, if I accuse you wrongfully, I must ask your pardon; she said she had not robbed me; I said, I have a constable below, and I called him up.
Q. Did you search her box? - Yes; when we went up into her room, (where I spoke to her first was not in her room, it was in the one pair of stairs, her room was in the two pair of stairs) I insisted on searching her box; and it was with some reluctance she would permit it to be done; but at last she pulled the key out of her pockets; and unlocked the box.
Q.Did you find the articles mentioned in the indictment there? - Yes, and in her pockets; and thirty or forty pounds worth of new clothes, never wore, only one pair of stockings.
Q. Were these things that were found, delivered into the hands of a constable? - Yes, they were, and sealed up. When we were taking the things out, two parcels of halfpence were wrapped up in some of her clothes, and she took up the two parcels of halfpence and laid them down; I said, what is that? it was two bags of halfpence, and I found one halfpenny that I had marked in each bag. There was some other things that I found besides the money, a knife and fork, &c. she said, she had locked them up for safety.
Mr. Knowlys. This woman was your servant? - Yes, to my misfortune.
Q. You marked a quantity of halfpence, and in the halfpence that you found in this woman's box, there were only two of the marked fort. This woman was intrusted to sort your halfpence, was she not? - I did it myself; I never sent her up stairs with halfpence in my life.
Q. It was stated that she was bare of clothes, in the opening? - You did not bear me say so. She made a decent appearance.
Q.Whom this matter was a little more recent, you went before the magistrate, and laid your information before alderman Le Mesurier? - No, I went before the Lord Mayor, and he advised me to mark my money.
Q. Now I ask you, on your oath, whether you then mentioned at all that she made any reluctance in opening her box? - I do not recollect that any questions were asked me; the alderman he see the quantity that were there, and he asked very little about it.
Q. The box was opened when your daughter was there alone? - That was the Saturday before; that was not the same box; this was a new box that had come home from the box-maker's but two days, and my daughter lent her two shillings to pay for it; and she had thirty shillings in copper in it in less than two days after. As for the knife and fork, she said she had locked it up to keep it safe; as soon as the officer took hold of the cloak pins, I said, they are my cloak pins, what do they here? she said, they are your's, I put them there that they may be safe.
Mr. Gurney. Had you any reason for knowing, at any previous time, that she had much or little money? - I had. I don't know whether it is according to the rules of this Court, to speak respecting her coming to my house.
Mr. Gurney. It is not.

MARY CRESSWELL DOLLY sworn.
Q. You are the daughter of the prosecutor? - Yes, I am.
Q. Did you ever look into the box of the prisoner at the bar? - Not before the morning that I discovered the halfpence there, on Saturday the 25th of April. I went up stairs in order to look in a closet, that was in the prisoners room, before I could open the closet door I was obliged to move a trunk that belonged to the prisoner; and as I moved that trunk, I heard something gingle that I thought founded like halfpence.
Q. Was the trunk locked? - No. It was not. I lifted up a few things and discovered a white slannel sock with a parcle of halfpence in it.
Q.What quantity might there be? - About seven shillings and sixpence.
Q. On the Wednesday following were you present when the box was searched by the constable? - I was.
Q. Did the prisoner say any thing while the search was making? - No, she did not.
Q. Did you hear her say any thing that day? - Yes, after the constable had searched her, and she had produced the money that she had in her pockets; the prisoner and I went into my bed chamber; when she was in there, she asked me if I would call her master?
Q. Was this after she had been examined? - Yes; when my father came into the room, she said, there is all the money I have of your's; and if you think I have bought them new clothes with your money, you are welcome to take them, on condition she said that my father would not carry her before them gentlemen.
Q. Before this was said, had there been any promise made to the prisoner, to induce her to say it? - No.
Q. Had there been any threat? - No.
Mr. Knowlys. Your father was called up to hear this? - Yes, he was.
Q.He was called up for the very purpose of hearing it? - Yes, he was.
Q. The prisoner and you used to differ occasionally, a little, I believe? - No, never.
Q. Not about clothes? - No.
Q. You never made some such remark as this, that when you went out to balls occasionally, that you never could dress smarter than she? - No, I never made any such observation.
Q.You used to go out frequently to balls? - No, I cannot say that I did.
Q.Never perhaps? - Yes, sometimes.
Q.Never had any quarrel with her at all? - No; my mother and the prisoner has had words sometimes.
Q. The box where you see these halfpence on Saturday was unlocked? - It was, and the lid was open.
Q. I don't know whether you see the halfpence that were found? - Yes, I did.
Q. And there was one marked halfpenny in each parcel? - Yes, no more, nor no less.


                  ROBERT
                   NEWMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a constable.
Q. Were you sent for, on any occasion, by Mr. Dolly? - Yes; on Saturday morning he came to me, and asked me if I would step with him? I told him, yes. Accordingly with that I went, and I sat down in his house till he was ready; and at last I went up stairs, and searched the prisoner's box; and accordingly, I heard something gingle among the wearing apparel, and I found some halfpence.
Q.Where did you find the halfpence? - In two bags; the first thing that I see turned out were the cloak pins.
Q.Have you any copper medals there? - Yes, they were all sealed up; Mr. Dolly took the inventory of them; he then gave it me; here are eight half crowns &c. &c.



                  Q. 
               


            Were all these the articles that you found in the prisoner's box? - Yes.
Q.You found two marked halfpence? - Yes, one in one bag, and one in another. (Produced.)
Q. To Dolly. Are these the halfpence that you marked? - Yes, they are. The cloak pins I can only speak to as being of the same pattern. The knife and fork is one of my children's. I have no particular mark on it.
Court. Did you ever pay her any wages in copper money? - No, none She was with me a few weeks; she wanted to go out; she asked for a guinea, and had it in gold Since that, she had half a guinea, and six shillings in silver, that is all that she has had in my house. The different tradesmen where these new goods were bought, said, they were paid for in copper.
Jury to Newman. Was there but one box? - No, there were two boxes open when I went up stairs.
Dolly. I went up stairs first and told her to open the box, and she took the key out of her pocket, and opened the box.
The prisoner called one witness to her character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 34.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
