





169. 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     MURPHY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of January
, a miniature picture set in gold, value 2l. a red morocco leather case, value 6d. nine pair of silk stockings, value 1l. 10s. a cambrick handkerchief, value 5s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Rebecca 
                           Aguilar
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Judith
                         
Aguilar
                     



.


                  ANN
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn.
Q. I see this property stolen is the property of 
               
                  Rebecca
                   Aguilar
               



            , in the dwelling house of 
               
                  Judith
                   Aguilar
               



            ? - Yes; I live in that house.
Q. Are either of them here? - No; they do not think it necessary. I am housekeeper to Mrs. Aguilar.
Q. Is Mrs. Aguilar a widow? - Yes, she is.
Q. She is a jewess, I suppose? - Yes, she is.
Q. How old may the daughter be? - Two and twenty.

Q. Was Mrs. Agullar's house robbed at any time? - On the 23d of January, on a Friday. In going into the bed room up two pair of stairs, I see the prisoner standing up in the room.
Q. Where is her house? - In Devonshire-square


. I asked him what business he had there? he said the footman sent him up stairs; I told him to walk down stairs and he should see the footman. He walked down stairs, and the butler came forward. All the articles in the indictment were in a drawer, in that bed room; they belonged to Miss Aguilar.
Q. Was any property removed, or taken away, or found on him? - There was a large quantity of linen and wearing apparel put under the bed.
Q. I see in this indictment there are laid a miniature picture set in gold. &c. the property of 
               
                  Rebecca
                   Aguilar
               



            , is she a single woman? - Yes.
Q. Were they all in this bed room? - Yes.
Q. When had you last seen them in that drawer? - These things were in my care, in my bed room.
Q. When you came out of the room had you turned the key of the door? - I had not.
Q. How soon after this did you see these things? - The nine pair of stockings and the picture I found on him; all these articles were found on him.
Q. What were the sort of things that you found under the bed? - Two handkerchiefs and a cloak.
Q. Did you see these articles taken from the prisoner? - No.
Q. Then how do you happen to know that they were found on the prisoner? - By the officer.
Q. Was the door shut of this room where you found the prisoner? - Yes.
Q. Did you find him in the room? - Yes, rather confused; he stood up in the room.
-CATER sworn.
I live with Mrs. Aguilar, she is a widow lady.
Q. Did you ever see that man in Mrs. Aguilar's house? - Yes, I did, on the 23d of January, at one o'clock at noon; the house maid came running down to me as I stood in the hall.
Q. Who was the last witness? - Mrs. Williams, the housekeeper; I did not see her till afterwards; the house maid is not here; she asked me if I had let a strange man into the house? she said there was a strange man in the house; I then inquired where he was; she said he is coming down stairs; on his coming down stairs, I asked him who he wanted?
Q. Did you see the prisoner come down stairs? - I did.
Q. Was the last witness behind him, following him down? - Yes, she came following him down.
Q. What past when he came down? - I asked him what he wanted? he told me he wanted the footman, or words to that effect; I told him we did not keep footmen up stairs; I asked him what he had got in his pockets? he told me a few silk stockings. I then laid hold of him and desired the footman to go for an officer; I then took him into the parlour and desired he would pull out every thing out of his pockets; he pulled out nine pair of silk stockings, a cambrick pocket handkerchief, and a hammer with a crow at the end of it; we then took him into another parlour, and by this time the officer came, and we had him examined, and the officer found the picture up his sleeve in the palm of his hand.
Q. Were all these things delivered to the officer? - They were.


                  THOMAS
                   SAPWELL
               



             sworn.
I am an officer of Bishopsgate; I produce nine pair of stockings, one handkerchief, and a picture; I have kept them ever since.
Q. Look at the prisoner. Did you see him at Mrs. Aguilar's house? - I did.
Q. Did you take him into custody? - I did; and on searching him I found this picture, in his right hand pocket; his right hand was in his pocket, and I took his hand out, and this here was under his sleeve, in his hand. The other things were given me by Miss Aguilar.
Q. Was that in the presence of the prisoner? - No, it was not; he was in one room and I was in another. I found this crow laying at the prisoner's feet, I did not find it on him.
Q. To Williams. Was this room usually kent locked? - No, never locked.
Q. To Catir. Did the young lady see the things taken out of his pocket? - Yes.
Q. Did they remain in the same parlour, the things when the officer came? - No, they were taken into the back parlour, to the bell of my knowledge.
Q. Was you present when the young lady delivered them to the prisoner? - I believe I was, I was present all the time.
Q. Were the things left in her custody any time, out of your presence? - No, the officer took them.
Q. Then you have no doubt but they are the stockings, and the same handkerchief? - I have no doubt at all.
Q. As to the miniature picture is that the same? - It is.
Q. To Mrs. Williams. Look at that miniature picture. Is it the picture of any one of the family? - It is Mrs. Aguilar's son-in-law, set in gold; I think it cost her about thirty pounds, when she had it first, but the value is very little now; the stockings have the initials, R. A. on them.
Q. What may be the value of them? - I am sure I cannot say.
Q. Are they new stockings, or have they been wore? - They have been wore.
Q. What did they cost new? - About seven shillings, a pair.
Q. Now that cambrick handkerchief; do you know that? - Yes; there is the same name as on the stockings.
Q. What may be the value of the cambrick handkerchief? - About four shillings.
Prisoner. I had been very ill for about four weeks before that, and I got up in the morning, and I was quite almost out my senses when I went into this house, and I found this picture on the stairs, just as I was going up stairs, and I went up and put them stockings in my pocket, and they came up and took me down stairs, and asked me what I had go in my pocket, and I told him; I have been ill these thirteen weeks with the bad distemper.
Jury. Are all the stockings marked R. A.? - Most all; there is one marked J. A. they were a pair of stocking that were too small for Mrs. Aguilar, and she gave them to her daughter.
Q. Were there any number on them? - There were, but I do not recollect the number.




               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
