





118. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NICKLIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th day of January
 last, two pair of women's leather slippers, value 5 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bloomfield
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   BLOOMFIELD
               



             sworn.
I keep a house, No. 192, High Holborn


: on the 14th of January, Saturday, between five and six o'clock (we had lighted candles), I heard a rustling at the window of the shop; I run to my window immediately; I am a shoemaker
; I missed some slippers; I immediately run out of doors; I looked about to see if I could see any body; there is a Dutch-clock-maker's shop next door, and there are generally people looking at the clocks; I went in amongst the people, and I saw the prisoner at the bar standing there, with his hands behind him; seeing him a suspicious person, I said he was a thief, and had broke my window; he said he had not; I took him by the collar, and I found two pair of slippers and an odd one upon him at that time, women's leather slippers; I took him into the shop, and sent for an officer, and gave him in charge; I found a piece of the window broke, and a piece of cartridge paper double put against it, and a pair of shoes to support it; I did not hear any glass breaking, only a rustling, as if something was taking out.
Court. Did you examine it very accurately? - I can swear that the shoes stood against the paper; the hole had been broke a week before; I had not time to do it otherwise than to put the paper against it.
Court. Did you miss exactly the quantity that was taken from the prisoner? - Yes, two pair and an odd one; I marked them J. B. with ink, and gave them to the constable; the odd one I left at home.
(Produced and deposed to.)
Jury. Was the man standing still when you apprehended him? - He was.
Were they in his hands or pockets? - Pockets.


                  SAMUEL
                   HAMILTON
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I produce two pair of women's slippers; I received them from a servant in livery in the house of Bloomfield, and in his presence; there is J. B. upon them; they were marked in my presence.
(Deposed to.)


                  JOHN
                   BEAMISH
               



             sworn.
I attend the public office in Hyde-street; I went with Hamilton and brought the prisonerto the public-house, and found this slipper (produced) in his pocket; I have kept it ever since.
(Deposed to.)
Court to Prosecutor. I understood you that you found two pair and an odd one at the window? - I found two pair, and the other was taken from him just afterward.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . (Aged 18.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
