





226. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     OWEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of June
, half a yard of silk, value 2 s. 6 d. twenty remnants of cotton, value 5 s. a piece of binding, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Hudson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Corney
                  



               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   HUDSON
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 4, Broad-street, Carnaby-market


, I keep an upholsterer's shop and cabinet-maker

; we have missed cottons and buckrams, and tapes and callico. On Tuesday morning last I heard the prisoner wasto have a patch counterpane raffled for in the neighbourhood, and upon her not coming back to breakfast, I enquired after her, and understood there were not members enough to be procured; I saw the counterpane, and they were all my patterns of cotton, and I saw a child's frock which was my property; I found all these things in her lodgings by a search warrant; I can swear to them all by the patterns, and to this piece of India silk in particular; it matches to a piece I have here, where it was cut off; the prisoner has worked for me a year and three quarters. The value of all the things I can swear positively to is thirty-nine shillings. 
               
                  William
                   Corney
               



             is my partner.


                  JOHN
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
(Produced the counterpane.)
It was pawned with me for ten shillings, I did not take it in.


                  DOROTHY
                   HOUSEMAN
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner; she gave my little girl some little bits and shreds to make two counterpanes on, and I was to have one for making the other; she said they were the perquisites that were allowed on cutting out at Mr. Hudson's and Corney's shop.
Prosecutor. I allowed her none, I forbid her taking any bits.


                  JAMES
                   SLADE
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I went with a search warrant to Mr. Phillips's, No. 5, Edward-street, Broad-street, there I found the prisoner up two pair of stairs, she was coming out with this property tied up in a bundle; a chest that was not locked was full of the same sort, only not such small pieces.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was forewoman
, and I looked on all those bits my perquisites, I had but eight shillings a week, I did a man's work; I have no witnesses, I am a stranger in the place.


                  ANN
                   EDGEWORTH
               



             sworn.
I made two counterpanes for the prisoner, she said the pieces were her property, as she was forewoman of the shop.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.




[Transportation. See summary.]


