





179. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     PERKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of March
 last, a pair of velveret breeches, value 5 s. a pair of stays, value 5 s. a cloth coat, value 5 s. a silk cloak, value 6 d. and other goods
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John Jervais 
                     Wright
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   JERVAIS
               



             WRIGHT sworn.
I am a chair-maker
, at No. 48, Baldwin's-gardens


; all these articles in the indictment I lost, part of them were in a deal chest not locked, the rest on the bed in the parlour, on the ground floor; I did not see the prisoner take them, nor on the premises; about a quarter before one o'clock I was alarmed, and missed the things; I saw them first, after they were missing, in the street, in a little girl's hand, whom I have as a servant; my wife took them all of her, and brought them into the house again; the constable Winch has them now, I delivered them to him.
How soon did you see the prisoner after he was taken? - In less than a minute.


                  THOMAS
                   HOPKINS
               



             sworn.
I am a baker: I saw the prisoner on a Thursday come out with a bundle under his arm, I went and asked the servant maid if she had let any body out, she said no; I ran after the prisoner, and he turned the corner; I lost sight of him then, and he threw the bundle down; I passed by the bundle, and pursued the prisoner and took him; he begged of me to let him go, as he was afraid he should be hanged: I believe the brewer's man picked up the bundle, I saw it in the servant's hand in a very short space of time afterwards; the bundle was caried to Mr. Wright's who came out and laid hold of the prisoner, and came along with me for a few yards, and turned back again to fetch his coat, and returned again, and the prisoner was committed.
Who gave Winch the bundle? - The Justice; I am sure it is the same bundle the prisoner dropped, and the same I saw him bring out of the house.
Are you sure that the man you lost fight of, and afterwards took, is the same man you saw coming out of the house? - I am.


                  THOMAS
                   EADER
               



             sworn.
I live along with the prosecutor, he is a brewer
; as I was coming along, I saw theprisoner come out of Baldwin's-gardens, drop the bundle and run along Tash street, and into Mr. Price's; it was a bundle tied up in a blue and white cloth; I lost sight of him after he was in Mr. Price's, but I saw him drop the bundle right upon the kennel in Tash-street.
What was done with the bundle? - The constable had it, and took it to Clerkenwell-green to the Justice's; I did not see who picked it up.
Did he go the same day to the magistrates? - Yes.
Should you know it again? - Yes.
- WYNCH sworn.
I am a constable, I produce a bundle, (the bundle produced.) I got it from Mr. Wright about eleven or twelve o'clock the day the prisoner was taken, and have kept it ever since.
(Deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming along, I heard the cry of stop thief, I ran after a man who dropped the bundle, and went into an house, and these men came and caught hold of me.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 18.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
