





437. 
               
                  BODY 
                  RUSSELL
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the first of August
, a silver watch, value 10 s. a steel chain, value 6 d. a cornelian stone seal, set in silver, value 6 d. a brass watch key, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Cooper
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   COOPER
               



             sworn.
I lost a silver watch, chain, seal, and key, the first of August; on Wednesday, a little before three, I went into a public house, the Green Man, in Darkhouse lane


, and got a pint of beer; I had been up all night; I had only two pints of beer and a glass of gin all day, besides that last pint; I was going to Gravesend; I fell asleep in the tap room; and when the gentlewoman of the house awaked me, she asked me, if I had not a watch, and I said yes; and I felt, and missed it; it was gone, but I do not know who took it; I run up little Thames-street, and I picked my watch out of the gutter.


                  JAMES
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I am watchman; on Wednesday morning near or about three o'clock, I heard the cry of, stop thief! and the prisoner was in possession of one 
               
                  Daniel
                   Bower
               



            , I took them back to the house from whence they came, the Green Man, in Darkhouse lane, I got a light, and ran to find the watch, I found it near the corner of the lane, about sixty feet from the house; I kept it till I gave it to the constable.


                  MARGARET
                   KELBEY
               



             sworn.
I keep the Green Man, in Darkhouse lane; the prosecutor came in about twelve; I did not observe whether he was drunk, he fell asleep, and I could not awake him; the prisoner came in about two, and called for a pint of beer, he went into the box where the prosecutor was; I saw the prisoner taking some of the prosecutor's beer; and in about a quarter of an hour, I heard something chink, and the prisoner got up, and ran away very fast; I cried stop thief! and the prisoner was stopped, and brought back to my house, and the prosecutor said, he had lost his watch; he was searched, and nothing found.


                  JOHN
                   FREER
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner; he was in custody; the watch was given to me by the watch-watchman; I went with the prisoner to Mrs. Kelley's; I did not see the watch picked up, but I directed him to search for it.


                  DANIEL
                   BOURN
               



             sworn.
I am a stone Mason; I had been down with a Gravesend-boat, the prisoner was running from Darkhouse-lane, into Thames Street, I pursued, and took him the corner of Billinsgate Market; I never lost sight of him; I was not five feet from him at all; I went back with Taylor after the watch was found to the place, which was eight or ten paces in the direction from the house, and was the place where the prisoner had passed by; he did not refuse being searched.
(The watch produced.)
Prosecutor. The maker's name is under the balance wheel; (Foodge.)
Mr. Garrow looks at the watch. - My lord, the truth is, what he calls the maker's name Foodge, is the motto tempus fugit.
The prisoner called five witnesses who gave him a very good character.




               GUILTY, not privily
            . (Aged 16.)




               Transported for seven Years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
