





223. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     BURNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 22d of January
, a pair of iron shoe buckles, plated with silver, value 3 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Davis
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I saw none of the circumstances.


                  WALTER
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
On the 22d of January, about a quarter past six in the evening I was coming up Cheapside, and came opposite the shop of Mr. Jennings the linen draper in Cheapside; I perceived two gentlemen standing at the window, the window had been nearly cleared of the articles it was dressed out with in the day, and I saw the woman at the bar and another woman in the shop with their long cloaks on; the prisoner at the bar had a chocolate coloured cloak, and the other had a red cloak on; these two gentlemen still kept looking through the window; I looked through the other window, and I supposed these two women to be shop lifters, by their appearance, by the appearance of their persons and dress. The young man, who I supposed to be a shop-man or an apprentice to Mr. Jennings, was shewing them several articles in the course of their business; these two gentlemen still kept pointing to the shopman, who was shewing the articles on the other side of the counter, which he kept his eye on them, and at the same time he shewed the articles he put them away on the other side of the counter; they came out, they passed me at the window, and they walked up the right hand of Cheapside from Jennings's shop, about one hundred yards, when they were joined by another woman without a cloak, a taller woman than the other two; I kept behind them, and there was some conversation took place between these three women; I followed them up Cheapside, opposite the shop of Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Davis
               



            ; they all three crossed over the street, the prisoner at the bar and the woman in the red cloak went into the shop, into Mr. Davis's shop, which is the corner of Friday-street


; I kept my eye on them the whole time; I saw the prisoner at the bar, after the shop woman of Mr. Davis had taken down some buckles to the amount of three or four pair, while she turned herself sideways to reach some more, I saw the prisonerat the bar take a pair of buckles off the counter and secrete them under her cloak; then the woman in the red cloak bought a pair of buckles, which she gave the shop woman half a crown for, they went out of the shop together; I brought the prisoner back after she had gone out into the street; I took hold of her arm and brought her into the shop again, and told her, she had stole a pair of buckles from the lady; she strongly denied it, but I kept her in the middle of the shop and we sent for a constable, and before the constable came she dropped the buckles in the middle of the shop; I picked the buckles up, when the constable came I delivered the buckles to him.


                  JAMES
                   WOODMAN
               



             sworn.
I produce the buckles; I received them of the last witness and kept them ever since; the prisoner at the bar said, that she knew nothing of the affair. (Deposed to by Mr. Davis as being his own manufacturing.)


                  MARY
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn.
I am the shop woman to Mr. Davis; these women came in, the prisoner at the bar was one; I reached them down three or four pair of buckles, and while I was reaching another pair Mr. 
               
                  Walter
                   Davis
               



             came in, and then the other bought a pair and gave me two shillings and sixpence for a pair, and when they went out Mr. Davis brought her back and said, she had got a pair of buckles, and I went out a door or two to get a constable, and when I came back the buckles were on the ground.
Prisoner. I will tell the truth and nothing but the truth. This woman that was with me asked me to go into the shop with her to buy a pair of buckles; I was coming out with her and this gentleman stopped me and said, he saw me take a pair of buckles through the shop window, and I never saw him in my life; I have no witness except the gentleman favours me.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
