







101. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HALL
               




            , 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               




            , and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HIBBERT
               




            , were indicted, the two first, for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of October

, eight coach glasses, value 7l.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cloud
               



            ; and Hibbert for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .



                  THOMAS
                   CLOUD
               



             sworn. - I am a smith, farrier, and coach-master
, at Hammersmith, I keep the Leaping-bar yard



; on the 25th, or 26th of October, I lost three pair of coach-glasses, and one pair of chariot glasses, including in the whole, eight glasses, out of the yard, they had been taken from the coaches and chariots, with the frames altogether; the two coaches were in a lock-up coach-house, but I am not certain that the door was locked at that time, and the coach and chariot stood in an open shed; the chariot makes a chaise occasionally, the box takes of, the coaches had been all out that day, and had just come in; I missed the glasses the next morning at six o'clock, I did not see them again for five or six weeks afterwards; I found them in the possession of a Mr. English, in Broad-street, Carnaby-market.


                  THOMAS
                   WHEELER
               



             (the accomplice) sworn. -I am ostler to Mr. Cloud; I left him last Whit-Monday.
Q. How long were you ostler to him? - A. I cannot say.
Q. Where did you go to after you had left him? - A. To live with my mother, at the Leaping-bar, at Hammersmith.
Q. How long have you lived with your mother there? - A. Ever since she has lived there. One night, Hall and I, and Jones, were drinking at the Goat in Boots, at Chelsea, about eight or nine weeks ago; about three o'clock in the morning, we went to the Leaping-bar yard to take Mr. Cloud's glasses -
Q. Who proposed going there? - A. We all knew of it.
Q. But who first suggested it? - A. I did. When we got there the gates were open, we all three went into the yard, and then into the coach-houses; one went to one coach, and another to another; we were all three employed in taking out the glasses; we took away eight of them; Hall and Jones took them to Walham-green, and I went up stairs to bed; the Monday following, Jones told me, that they took them to William Hibbert's.
Q. When was it you took them? - A. On the Friday or Saturday; I never saw them at Hibbert's, Jones said, he should keep them there till he could sell them.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. (Counsel for Jones).
Q. You were the servant, you knew these premises perfectly well, and was the first to propose this scheme? - A. Yes.


                  THOMAS
                   WILSON
               



             sworn. - I know the prisoner, Jones; I met with him at the White-horse, between Kensington and Hammersmith, about the 26th or 27th of October, it was on a Monday; while I was standing there, Jones had got some ale, he asked me, if I would drink with him; I said, I would drink with him, if it was water; I drank some ale; we stopped there two or three hours, and had several pot and pints of beer together; we might drink three or four pots and pints, there were other people drinking with us; we had no conversation concerning any thing of this till after we came out of the house; as we were going along Fulham, he mentioned to me, that 
               
                  Bill
                   Hibbert
               



             had got some glasses to sell; I knew Hibbert, because I worked about there; I asked him, what kind of glasses; he said, plate glasses, that there were eight of them; I asked him, what size they were; he told me, they were very large ones; and I went to see them; Hibbert went up stairs to a close, and brought them out one by one, and I measured them; he asked me, if I knew any person that would buy them; I told him, I did not know whether my master would not buy them, being a painter and glazier.
Q. What was Hibbert? - A. A sadler and harness-maker; my master's name is 
               
                  James
                   South
               



            ; I told him, if he did not buy them, Mr. 
               
                  Samuel
                   South
               



            , being a broker, might; with that, Hibbert, Jones, and I, went down to the Golden lion, at Fulham; when we came there, we had some porter; I went to my master's, he was not at home; I immediately returned back, and told them; when I told them he was not at home, Hibbert wanted me to go to Samuel South; I went to Samuel South, and told him of it; I gave him the dimensions of the glasses; he came there, and Hibbert asked him four guineas for them; he said, he could not think of giving that money, for he was sure he should get nothing by them if he bought them; he immediately offered three guineas for them; and they said they could not think of letting them go for that money; then we went into a public-house; and South went away; this conversation was at the door, out in the street, by the gate.
Q. Was Jones there all this time? - A. I cannot positively say that he was; he was backwards and forwards; after he was gone, Jones and Hibbert were talking about it; Hibbert said to Jones, we might as well let them go; and then Hibbert desired me to tell Samuel South he should have them; I went over to his mother's, and he was in the parlour, I called him out, and told him what they said, and South came over to the gateway, and told him, he would have them; Hibbert said to me, will you go and help me fetch them; and I agreed to go and help; I went with him; I brought four squares, and he brought four; we carried them to Mr. South's house; they were taken from the same closet that I had seen them in before; then Hibbert went to Jones, at the Golden lion, and South came in afterwards; when I was going through the passage, Hibbert and South were talking together,standing at the bar of the public-house; Hibbert had gone out, and met South there; I saw South pay Hibbert the money, he paid him two guineas one shillings, and a pound-note; then we went into the tap-room and all drank together, porter, and gin and water; after some time, I went home to bed, and left Hibbert and Jones there; South went before me.
Q. What time of day was this? - A. It might be six or seven o'clock at night.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. (Counsel for Hibbert). Q.You are servant to South, the glazier? - A. Yes.
Q.Have you much to do with plate glass? - A. No; if we should ever want such a thing, we send to dealers in Town.
Q. You do not keep a stock by you? - A.No.
Q. You saw that glass at Hibbert's? - A. Yes.
Q. Your master not being at home, you went to 
               
                  Samuel
                   South
               



            , a broker? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you ever see any plate-glass in his shop besides? - A. Yes; and have cut plate-glass for him several times.
Q.Perhaps the constable found it at South's? - A. No; he had sold it to a person in Broad-street, Carnaby-market.
Q.What might you have for this? - A. I received one shilling for it.
Q. And I suppose paid no part of the shot? - A. Yes; there was 111/2d. left for me the next morning.
Q. When did you give an account of this transaction? - A. The latter end of October or beginning of November, at Bow-street.
Q. Was Samuel South there too? - A. I beg pardon about giving an account at Bow-street, because I cannot say when it was that I was at Bow-street.
Q. You can tell us whether it was a month or two months? - A. I think it is above a month.
Q.How long was it after these glasses were sold, that you came up to Bow-street? - A. I cannot tell.
Q.Were you ever more than once at Bow-street? - A. No.
Q. Then how long was it? - A. It might be three weeks or a month.
Q. Do you live now with South, the painter and glazier? - A. No.
Q. You have never said, that your master desired you to come forward to clear your master's brother's character? - A. No, he has not, never in his life.
Q. Have you never said so? - A. I never said so.
Q. Have you never said, that your master told you, if you did not swear hard to clear his brother's character, he would discharge you from his service? - A. No; I never did.
Q. Your master and you then have never had any conversation about coming forward in his brother's behalf? - A. No.
Q. Who attended first at Bow-street, you or 
               
                  Samuel
                   South
               



            ? - A.
               
                  Samuel
                   South
               



            .
Q. Was Hibbert in custody, when you attended at Bow-street for the first time? - A. He was.
Q. Are you any judge of the value of plate-glass? - A. No, I am not.
Q. You have often been at South's shop? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you ever see any coach-glasses there before? - A.Never in my life to my knowledge.
Q. Are you sure you did not take them all to Samuel South's house? - A. Yes, I am positive I did not take them; I took only four, and Hibbert four.
Court. Q. What business is Jones? - A. A taylor.


                  THOMAS
                   PONEY
               



             sworn. - I am a gardener, and keep the Golden lion, at Fulham: On a Monday evening, I cannot recollect when, I came home about five o'clock; I went to wash my hands, and just after, somebody knocked for some beer in the tap-room; it might be six or seven weeks ago; I believe it was the Monday that the King went on board the yachts, to take water to go the Nore; I went in, and on the right hand sat Hibbert, Jones, and Wilson; they told me to fill the pot, which I did; they asked me to drink, and I did; I went out of the tap-room, but saw nothing of any glasses; soon after, Wilson went out, and brought in Samuel South; he stopped a little while, and then he went away again; some time after, Wilson went and fetched him again, and they all went out; they came back again into the tap-room, all three, and sat down to drink again, and staid there till about a quarter after nine o'clock; I was in and out backwards and forwards, I was very little in the taproom; Samuel South came to me, and asked me to lend him two guineas and a half; I had not got it, I went to my wife, and got it of her; I came to the bar-door, there stood Mr. South; I put down two guineas in gold, and was going to put down some silver, and he said, if you will lend me half a dozen shillings more, that will do, which made 2l. 8s. he took the money in his hand, and I left him there; I saw no money pass between them, nor heard no dealings.
Q. Did Hibbert go out of your house? - A. Yes; but how long I cannot say.
Q. Was Wilson absent at the same time? - A. Yes; and Jones remained in the tap-room.


                  SAMUEL
                   SOUTH
               



             sworn. - I am a broker at Fulham.
Q. Did you at any time meet with Hibbert and Jones, at Fulham? - A. Yes; the day the King set off for the Nore, Wilson came to me, and I went with him, about six in the evening, to the Golden-lion door, there I saw Hibbert, he asked me, if I would buy some coach-glasses, I askedhim the sizes of them, he said, Wilson had got the sizes upon a piece of paper, which he had; I then went with him and Wilson to my own house, which was next door; I looked at the sizes of them, I asked him, what he asked for them; he asked me four guineas for them; I told him, I thought four guineas too much, for I should get nothing by them, if I sold them; I offered him three guineas for them; he said, he could not take it; he and 
               
                  Wilson
               


             both went away together into the Golden-lion; he said, he had taken them in trade, and could not take it, he had allowed more money for them; he and Wilson went to the Golden-lion, and I went over to my mother's, which was opposite; in about a quarter of an hour, Wilson came to me to tell me I should have the glasses for three guineas; I came out at my mother's door with Wilson, and Hibbert was over at the Golden-lion door; he told me I should have them for three guineas, and he desired Wilson to go with him to help him bring them; Jones was then at the Golden-lion; they went for them, and in about a quarter of an hour they returned, or less; they had above a mile to go to fetch them; they brought the glasses, each of them brought four; we all went to the Golden-lion, I had nothing but a pound note in my pocket, and I asked Mr. Poney to lend me two guineas and a half; he went to his wife, and brought me two guineas, was going to tell the silver down, and I told him six shillings would do; I went and called Hibbert, Wilson came with him to the bar-door in the passage; I paid Hibbert two guineas, a pound note, and one shilling; I went in and drank with Hibbert, Jones, and Wilson; the next morning, I had some business in Town, I packed them up, and brought them with me; I took them first to Mr. Knight's, in Compton-street, he was not at home, and I took them to Mr. English's, and sold them to him for 3l. 8s.
Jury. (To Poney). Q.Was there any body else in the tap-room besides these people? - A. Yes; thirteen or fourteen people; I had a great number of lodgers in the house, and most of them were at home.
South cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Can you give the Gentlemen of the Jury any reason why you called these people out of the tap-room to conclude your bargain? - A. Not to lay it before so many people. Mr. Poney was in the bar, but was called away.
Q. Why did you call these people out of the tap-room? - A. I was receiving the money from Mr. Poney, when Hibbert was coming out; I said, here you may as well take your money; he received it at the bar.
Q.Then he did not receive it in the passage? - A. Yes; the bat is in the passage.
Q.When did you give any account of these glasses? - A. As soon as I heard that he was taken up.
Q. Were you not sent for by the officers of Bow-street? - A. No, I was not; I came voluntarily; I sent word to Mr. Cloud, that I had had some coach-glasses through my hands.
Q. Did you ever say you had bought them cheap, and had bought them at a sale? - A. I did not.
Q. You did not tell Mr. English so? - A. No, I did not.
Q. You did not know Jones had any thing to do with this business? - A. No.
Q. Jones was not present during any part of the conversation of what was to be given for the glasses? - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q.Was there any conversation passed about the glasses, while you were with Jones? - A. No; none, till after they were paid for.
Q. Do you deal in coach-glasses? - A. I deal in looking-glasses.
Q. Did you ever buy any coach-glasses before? - A. I have bought a post-chaise glass of a neighbour, which I took with me to Mr. English's, at the same time.
Court. Q.When was it you had first any knowledge that these glasses were stolen? - A. I heard that Hibbert was taken up for receiving coach-glasses, and Jones for stealing them; and I sent the very same day that I heard of it, to Mr. Cloud, to let him know that some had gone through my hands, this was on the Saturday, and on the Sunday Mr. Cloud came to me.
Court. Q. Before you sent to Mr. Cloud, had you been sent for to give an account of these glasses? - A. No, I had not.
Q. Is it usual for brokers to buy various kinds of articles that they can buy and sell again, without confining themselves to any thing particular? - A.Certainly;
THOMAS ENGLISH sworn. - I am a looking-glass manufacturer: The latter end of October or beginning of November, I bought some coach-glasses of Mr. South, I cannot say the number, but I think it was 3l. 10s. I gave him for the whole; the glasses were put down in the shop; I had some carpenters at work, and they had been moved about from place to place in the shop, till Mr. Cloud called for them; I afterwards delivered them to him.
Q. Was 3l. 10s. a fair price for them? - A. Yes; I would not have given more for them, because I am a manufacturer myself, and they wanted working over again. (Seven of the glasses were produced).
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Do you recollect the account that South gave you of where he had got them? - A. Yes; he came to my house, and brought them down in a box in a cart; I askedhim, how did you come by them; says he, I am a broker, and bought them at a sale.
Q. You thought that a very reasonable thing, and you purchased them of course? - A. Yes; or I should not have bought them.
Q.Were they with frames, or without frames? - A.Without frames.
Court. (To Wilson.) Q. How were they when they where brought from Hibbert's, had they any frames upon them? - A. No frames.
Q. Had they no frames when you first searched them? - A. No.
Cloud. I have no doubt but these are my glasses, they every one sit the places that they came from.
Court. Q. But the frames are gone? - A. I have made an allowance for the frames, and they sit within a quarter of an inch, all of them.
Mr. Knowlys. You know that a quarter of an inch may make the difference between almost an hundred different glasses? - A. No; you might try half the coaches in London, and not find them sit.
Q. Do you mean to say you could have picked them out from others? - A. When I went into Mr. English's shop, I said, these were the four.
Q.If they had been mixed with other glasses, should you have known them again? - A. If they had been mixed with five hundred, I do not know that I should.


                  JACOB
                   COOKE
               



             sworn. - I am a coach-maker: I have tried these glasses with Mr. Cloud's coaches, I made an allowance for all the frames, as we always do, and then he went and fetched these glasses, and they answered to the measures that I had put down; there was one that was a little bigger, but that might be owing to the difference of the frame.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Did you ever measure those frames which included these glasses? - A. No; I guessed at the breadth of them.
Q. A quarter of an inch in a plate makes a difference between, perhaps, an hundred different glasses? - A. Yes.
Court. Q. But making a frame of the usual proper size, would a frame of the usual size to these glasses, sit the coaches? - A. Yes.
Hall's defence. I have not any thing to say.
Jones left his defence to his Counsel.
Hibbert's defence. I am innocent of the crime; and I think they have contrived this matter among themselves, to lay it upon me, to save themselves; I am innocent of it, so help me God.
The prisoner Jones called ten, and Hibbert eleven witnesses, who gave them a good character.
Hall, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 18.)
Jones, GUILTY (Aged 18.)





               No sentence passed
            .
Hibbert, GUILTY (Aged 36.)




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
