







165. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MILLS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     NORTH
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FRY
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Simpson
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of one in the night of the 16th of January
, and burglariously stealing a boiling copper, value 10s. a copper pot with iron handle, value 2s. two copper saucepans, value 4s. a copper stewpan, value 5s. a brass skillet, value 1s. 6d. eight live hens, value 8s. and a live cock, value 1s. the property of William Simpson
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   SIMPSON
               



             sworn.
I live at the White-house, near the Shepherd andShepherdess, in the parish of Shoreditch


; I left the house on the 10th of July last; I went to bed between eleven and twelve, I believe I was the last up that night; I saw to the fastenings of the doors and windows myself, they were all fast; I went to bed between eleven and twelve, and in the course of an hour, I heard a disturbance of a dog making a great noise; I had no suspicion of any body being in the house, but from the noise of the dog; I looked upon it, the tenter ground adjoining, being full of cloaths, I thought it was some strange men in the ground that were taking care of it; I got up between seven and eight in the morning, I was the first up in the house; I went out of the back door with intent to go round by the garden, and then I perceived that the window-shutter and the casement of the wash-house was wide open.
Q. Whereabouts is that wash-house; is it under the same roof with the house, or is it detached from it? - A. It is under the same roof, and it is part of the house.
Q. How late in the evening had you been in that wash-house? - A. The night before; I went between eleven and twelve to look at the fastenings before I went to bed, the windows were then fast; the next morning I looked in at the windows, and perceived that the brick-work of the copper was disturbed; I went back again in at the back door, and came through the kitchen into the wash-house, and I examined the place and found the articles in the indictment to be missing.
Q. When had you seen them there before? - A. The day before, Saturday the 16th; I missed a large copper out of the brick-work, a large copper pot and stew-pan, two copper saucepans, a brassskillet, and a brass ladle, nine live fowls, eight hens, and a cock.
Q. Were they in the wash-house? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you ever see them again? - A. I have seen part of them at the Justices in Worship-street.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. It had been light sometime before you got up? - A. Yes.


                  JANE
                   SIMPSON
               



             sworn.
I can only speak to the property being lost; I had seen them in the wash-house on Saturday night about ten o'clock; the dogs made a great noise between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, or about twelve; my husband was up before me in the morning.


                  JOHN
                   BARKER GOOCH
               



             sworn.
On the 19th of January, about a quarter past eight in the morning, that furthest prisoner (Mills) came to me and asked me if I bought copper; I told him, yes; he then put his finger up to his note, and the other two men came up, with each of them I sack full; they directly went into my further shop, and emptied one of the sacks; I told them it would not suit me to buy it; it was a large copper cut in pieces, and a boiler that looked well tinned; I directly put it back again, and they went from my shop to Mr. Mason's.
Q. Did you see what was in the other shop? - A. No, I did not then; I went and informed Mr. Harper, the officer of it; we went to Mr. Mason's, and there we met with them; there were only two of them in there with the copper, North and Mills; the other man was gone round the corner of the Hackney-road; Harper asked me if there was another of them; I said, yes, there was another with another sack; and he went round the corner, and took him; Mr. Mason asked him how he came by it, and Harper and Mr. Mason put the hand-custs on them directly; I did not hear them say where they got it.
Q. Did you see the contents of the other sack then? - A. There was the remainder of the large copper in that, and a stew-pan.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. This was the 19th? - A. I believe it was; I am not certain; it was on Tuesday morning.


                  PETER
                   MASON
               



             sworn.
On Tuesday the 19th of January, the prisoner North brought this copper, to sell, to me.
Q. Did he come alone? - A. Yes; it was about half past eight o'clock in the morning; he asked, if I bought old copper; I told him, yes; he asked me, what I would give for it; I said, I could not tell till I saw it; then here it comes, says he; and took a piece out of his bag; it was part of the bottom, and part of the side of a copper, and a stew-pan that was broken; I asked him, what he wanted a pound for it; he said, eight-pence; says I, now, my friend, where did you get it; says he, at home; says I, that answer will not do for me; he said, a second time, he got it at home; I told him, that would not do for me; then, he said, he would not tell me; he turned upon his heel and went out of the shop; Mr. Harper was coming, and he stopped him; Mr. Harper desired me to take care of him; and he went out; he said, there were more of them; he went out and brought in Mills; he bid me take care of them, while he looked out for a third; he handcuffed them together, and he went and looked for the third, and then I went out, and saw him have hold of that third, with the bag upon him; as I was going towards the watch-house, with Mills and North, I saw Harper had got hold of Fry, with the bag of copper; and they were all taken to the watch-house; Fry said, it was his own, and he could bring the person he brought it of; he put the two that were handcuffed together in one cage, and Fry in another; Fry desired theywould not tell where any of us lived, and he would be damned if they could find it out without it was advertised; and they to him, desiring each other not to tell where they lived, nor where they got it.
Cross-examined by Knowlys. Q. Where were they when you heard them say this? - A. I was in the watch-house, they were in the cage.
Q. It was close by, they could see from one into the other? - A. Where I was they could not see, the door being open.
Q. You know this is a charge of burglary for breaking open a house? - A. Yes; so the people say.
Q. Was any body by, when you heard them say this, but yourself? - A. No.
Q. Do not you know there is a large reward if they are convicted? - A. I have heard there is a reward, but I don't know what for.
Q. Upon your oath have you never heard that there is a reward for house-breaking? - A. I have heard that it is 40l.
Q. Three times forty makes one hundred and twenty, you know? - A. Yes.
Q. And there was nobody by to hear this conversation but yourself? - A. No.


                  SAMUEL
                   HARPER
               



             sworn.
I am a constable of the Public-office, Worship-street: On Tuesday, the 19th of January, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, my neighbour, Mr. Gooch, came to my house, to tell me, that there had been three men at his house offering some copper to sell that he suspected was stole; I enquired which way they went; and I went directly towards Shoreditch church; and in Mr. Mason's house, who keeps an iron shop, I saw some copper in the scale; Mr. Mason would know where they got it, before he paid for it; the man, then, was running out of doors; I was coming in at the very instant, and caught him in my arms; that was the prisoner North, the middle man; I did not stand to talk with him, but gave him in custody to the man that keeps the Ship, who is an officer, and I went round the corner of Kingsland-road, and saw the stout man, Mills, skulking round the corner; I laid hold of him, and said to him, I have got your partner, I believe, you must go with me; I took him directly to the iron shop, where North was, and sent for the man who gave me the information, to know whether that was one of the parties concerned, before I confined him; he said, he was; then I handcussed them together; and went out, to look for the other man, just by Shoreditch church gates; I saw the other man, Fry, with a black bag upon his shoulder; I asked him, what he had there; he said, why my own property; says I, I don't know that; but, says he, I can prove it to be my property, and I can prove where I bought it; then, says I, you must go with me, and prove that before the Magistrate; and I took him, and put him in the watch-house; they were all put in the watch-house, and locked up, till the Magistrate sat; I have had the things in my possession; in the bag was part of a copper, and a copper pot without a handle.
Q. What became of the copper that was at Mr. Mason's shop? - A. I had that in another bag; he and I put it into the bag, in his own shop, out of the scale; that was a part of a copper, and a stewpan.
Q. Has it been in your custody ever since? - A. Yes. (producing them).
Simpson. This is my pot, here is a piece rivetted on the side; the stew-pan is knocked to pieces in such a manner, that there is no mark I can speak to; but I believe it to be my property.
Mrs. Simpson. This is my pot; I cannot say any thing to the stew pan, it is knocked to pieces so, and there is no mark upon it.
Mr. Knowlys. (To Mrs. Simpson). What is the mark upon that pot? - A. A part of the side rivetted on.
Q. It is a pot that has been mended? - A. Yes.
Q. There is no mark of your's upon it? - A. No; it is a pot I have had in use a great many years, that makes me know it.
Q.Any person that has a pot that has seen many years service, would have it mended? - A. Yes.
Court. Q. Is it a pot of the same size with that you lost? - A. It is; I have no doubt but it is mine.
Q. Was this pot loose in the brick work? - A. No; it was a fixture.


                  JOHN
                   ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn.
I assisted Mason and Harper, after they were taken into custody; that is all I know about it.


                  WILLIAM
                   PEACH
               



             sworn.
I went to the apartment, on Saturday, the 23d of January, of Mills, in company with Ray, another officer, belonging to the same office, between five and six in the evening, situated at No. 2, in the Causeway, Limehouse; we enquired below stairs for the name, and I found a dark lanthorn there.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. How do you know it was his apartment? - A. By the directions that Mills gave to the Magistrate; as soon as I got in the room, I found a dark lanthorn, and a bayonet was found, by Ray, and delivered to me.
- FERRIS sworn.
On Tuesday, the 19th, I searched the apartments of Fry and North; and in North's lodgings I foundthis dark lanthorn with a bit of candle in it; that is all I know.
Miils' defence. On Tuesday morning I was going to Barnet; I overtook Fry and North upon the road; they had just picked up those two bundles, and told me they were going to sell it; and they asked me, if I would go and have some beer with them; that is all I know of it.
North's defence. On Tuesday morning I got up and called Fry up to go to work along with me; going along the road, we saw two bundles lay in the field, by the road, and we took them up and turned them out of the bags, and we saw it was copper, and went to the first place we came to, to sell it: the man would not buy it, and we went to the next shop and the man stopped us.
Fry's defence. We found it, going along the road to work, at Limehouse.(North called two witnesses, who gave him a good character).
Mills. 


               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 39s
            . (Aged 47.)
North. 


               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 39s
            . (Aged 19.)
Fry. 


               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 39s
            . (Aged 44.)






               All three transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
