





142. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     FRIDAY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Molloy
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of seven in the night of the 5th of February
, with intent to steal the goods therein being, and burglariously stealing four pair of leather shoes, value 8s. a pair of boy's leather shoes, value 2s. and an odd leather shoe, value 6d. the property of the said William
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   MOLLOY
               



             swron. - I am a shoemaker
, No. 16, High-street, St. Giles's


, facing the church: On the fifth of this month, I think, Tuesday, about seven o'clock, I was backwards at tea, and thought I heard something like glass crack: I sent my little boy into the shop, and he said, there was nothing the matter; then I thought it might he the smack of a coachman's whip; after that I heard it a second time, and something like a fall; I opened the door, went out, and felt along the window, and found one pane of glass broke; I told my boy to go and fetch a small gun that I had, and then two men ran away; I followed them, and caught the prisoner at the bar, Friday, in Compton-street, about one hundred yards from my house, the other got away; I never lost sight of the prisoner at all; there were other people in the street at the time, but I caught him about one hundred yards from my window; I said, you have been breaking my shop; you lie, you rescal, says he, I have not; there was a gentleman got hold of him, who brought him back to my shop; in Compton-street, I picked up a pair of shoes; and afterwards I picked up an odd shoe; the people said, it was found at the shop door; I did not see him drop it, and there was a pair of shoes dropped just as he was going in at the door; he begged leave to sit down, and dropped a shoe on each side of him, and I took out of his pocket two odd slippers, and a pair of boy's shoes; I knew them all to be my shoes, from the cutting out of them, and from the workmen that made them.
Q. Can you undertake to say you missed any shoes at all? - A. No; the prisoner, when he was taken, said nothing, he would not.
JEFFERY CURTIS sworn. - I am a tailor; I came up at the time, and caught hold of the prisoner in High-street, St. Giles's; I saw him as he went into the shop throw a shoe from him with his left hand; a little boy picked it up, and brought it into the shop; I then saw some shoes in his pocket; he asked to sit down upon some chairs, and put the shoes behind him, which were delivered to the prosecutor.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the same man? - A. I am.
Q.(To Molloy). Were your candles lit at this time in the evening? - A. Yes, they were; it wanted about ten minutes to seven.
Q. When had you seen them before? - A.About a quarter of an hour before I went to tea.
Q. Had any body been in after you left the shop, and before you heard the noise? - A. I believe not.
Prisoner's defence. As I was coming by, this man knocked me down, and took me into the shop, and then he came out with a candle and lanthorn, and said, he had found all the shoes.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
