





32. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     HARDY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of September
, a piece of woollen cloth of twenty yards, value 4l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Gibbons
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   GIBBONS
               



             sworn.
I am an auctioneer and woollen draper
, I can only speak to the fact of having lost the woollen cloth, and I also took the prisoner myself. The cloth was taken out of my shop on the 15th of September, I saw it the day preceding on the 14th, my servant informed me that the shop had been robbed of a piece of woollen cloth, that was on the following morning the 16th.
Q. What time of the morning? - I think it was about nine o'clock.
Q. Is that servant here? - No, he his not.
Q. What did you do in consequence of that information? - In consequence of that information, I waited some little time in Newgate-street, that evening.
Q. Did you ever see your cloth again? - Never.
Q. Have you any body else that fixes it on the prisoner? - Here is my servant that see him as he was coming in the shop and taking it out publickly.
Prisoner. The night you was robbed did you lose any thing else besides the cloth? - I have had my shop robbed of about five hundred pounds worth in these two months; it was Gubbins's stock who was a bankrupt, and I bought the stock of the assignees.

Q. How many days after you lost the cloth did you apprehend me? - A week precisely.
Q. Did you apprehend me on Sunday? - No, on the Monday following.
Q. Did you know before you apprehended me that I was lame in my hand? - No, I did not; I apprehended him on account of robbing the shop adjoining me, Mr. Leopard's, the stationer; I apprehended him myself on the 22d; I was informed something between nine and ten o'clock in the evening, in consequence of the information given to me by my servant I attended the shop very particularly two days, and I had seen this man go by the shop, and I was in the counting house, between which and the shop there is a glazed partition; I stepped into the shop, and as I was standing in the shop, I saw this man and two others go by, and I followed them towards Cheapside; when they were got by the shop, I ran out behind a coach and got to a house opposite, and I saw this man with two others, one of them went and opened Mr. Leopard's door, the stationer's; the servant came forward to snuff the candle, they then ran away; they went a second time, and they went also a third time; I was then waiting and expecting every moment that they would take something out of the shop.
Q. Did you stop them at last? - I followed them down the street afterwards, and I took him myself; I had him search ed, and had a suspicion that he was going to draw a knife, in consequence of which, when I got him by the collar the other man came up, and I perceived him put his hand down, and I was afraid he was going to draw a knife; in the pocket afterwards was found a knife, which knife seemed to be adapted for a turn screw or some such purpose, the point was broke off.
Q. You know no more than that you took him, nothing was found on him at any time? - Nothing was found on him.


                  JOHN
                   THARRATT
               



             sworn.
I was in Mr. Gibbons's shop, No. 92, Newgate-street


, on Monday the 15th of September.
Q. Did you lose any thing? - Yes, on Monday evening, between eight and nine o'clock. A person came in to look at some stockings, (not the prisoner) and I shewed the person one parcel of stockings out of the window, and he asked for some more, and I was getting this second parcel of stockings out of the window, for the person to look at, and I heard some person, and I saw some person brush against the door.
Q. Had you sold those stockings at the time? - No.
Q. Was the person looking at them at the time? - He was.
Q. Was he brushing against the door of the shop? - No, a door that stood against a side of the counter, a door in the shop, close up to the window.
Q. What short of a door do you mean? - It was a door that belonged to another place, and we had no screen to prevent people from taking any thing out of the window, as they went past, and this door was taken from another place and put there as a screen. After my hearing this bustle against the door, I withdrew towards the window, and I saw a man's back parts, and I called out stop thief! and he flew from the counter with the cloth, and I saw his face as he turned round the counter. With my seeing him take the cloth it rather confused me, and I should have taken him if it had not been for the person I was selling the stockings to, he gave me a push with his hand, when I got over the counter, and if the counter had not been there I should have been down on the floor; I asked himWhat he meant by giving me that push? he said, sir, I beg your pardon, I did it to secure the thief. I having no assistance in the shop, nor durst not call any in to secure this man, or I should have secured him, and this person who pushed me down he said he was not absolutely a companion of this Hardy's, indeed, he said, he was not, and he hoped I would not secure him.
Q. What sort of cloth was it he took away? - About twenty yards, as nigh as I can't recollect, worth about four pounds; I laid it in the window.
Q. Was there any light in the shop? - Yes.
Q. Did you see his face? - Yes.
Q. Had he a round hat? - Yes.
Q. Are you perfectly sure of your man? - I had three patent lamps, and a candle on each counter.
Q. Look and see whether you see your man? - (pointing to the prisoner) That there is the man, I am perfectly sure of it.
Q. How long might he be in the shop altogether? - He was not above a minute and a half in the shop.
Q. Has the property never been found? - No, never been found.
Prisoner. Pray, did you lose nothing else the night the shop was robbed besides the cloth? - No, nothing.
Q. No stockings? - No, none at all.
Q. What description did you give your master of me? Did you tell him I was lame in my hand? - No, I did not observe you was lame in your hand.
Court. Did you give your master any description of his person? - I gave my master the description of the person, that the hat was high crowned and pulled down behind and before, and that he had a great coat, with large white buttons, whether plated or metal, I do not know.
Q. Did you see him when your master took him up? - I did not see him till I saw him at Guildhall the next day.
Q. How was he at Guildhall? - He was in the prisoners box, besides him there was another person in the box, but I cannot say whether it was a prisoner or whether it was not.
Q. Did you know him immediately? - I knew him immediately, as soon as I saw him.
Prisoner. It was the constable that was with me.
Court. Did you know him to be a constable? - No, I did not till I was told.
Court to Tharratt. Do you mean to be positive? and you must be cautious in swearing to the man; but you must tell the truth; according the best of your knowledge, are you satisfied that he is the man? - I am satisfied he is the man.
Q. To Prosecutor. Why did you take this man up? - I took him up in consequence, when I first saw him go by the door -
Q. Did you take him up for the robbery of yourself, or for the act of robbing another, because the boy tells me that he had given you the description of his person? - He had given me a description of his person, but I took him for attempting to break into Mr. Leopard's.
Court to Tharratt. Had he such a great coat on at Guildhall as when you saw him before? - Yes, it was.
Prosecutor. I did not take him on Tharratt's description, because he gave me the description subsequent to my taking of him.
Prisoner. I was coming down Newgate-street, about half past eight o'clock, this gentleman took me and two others, and said, that I robbed a stationer's shop in Newgate-street; I went back along with him to the stationer's shop, the gentleman said, no, and gave no charge of me; directly he said, no, the prosecutor said I should go for a soldier; and when he foundI was lame in my right hand, he said he would send me out of London. The next morning they brought this lad to see whether I was not the lad that robbed the shop eight days before; accordingly he came in, and said I was the man; that he could swear to me by having my hat lopped, and having a great coat on; and and that I was the person that had taken the stockings out of the shop.
Q. To Prosecutor. Had you at Guildhall charged this man with taking the stockings out of the window? - No, nothing but the elastic cloth.
Q. Is the elastic cloth woollen cloth? - It is.
Prisoner. I had witnesses here last session, when the prosecutor moved to put my trial off. I have been in gaol twelve weeks.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London jury before Mr. RECORDER.
