





403. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of July
,a linen bed-gown, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Hunsworth
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH
                   HUNSWORTH
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 22, Cock-lane, Shoreditch


, I am a widow
; I lost a bed-gown on Saturday 21st of July. 
               
                  Mary
                   Harris
               



             came into my shop about seven in the evening; she asked me if I had not a gown to dispose of that hung up in the middle of the week: I asked her what kind of gown; she told me, and she fitted it, and we agreed for the gown at 16 s.; then she wanted a skirt; I told her I had a black one; I shewed it to her, and we agreed for 6 s. She asked then if I had a shift; I said yes. Then I asked Mrs. Waylen to mind the shop while I went up stairs to fetch one; I came down, and she looked at it, and approved of it, and a double handkerchief: after she had agreed for the things, which came to 27 s. then she said, before I pay for them, I will have a quartern of gin; she did not pay for the gin; Mrs. Whaley went for the gin, and informed Mrs. M'Nally, that the woman then in my shop had robbed me; Mrs. M'Nally came in, and the prisoner wanted to go out, Mrs. M'Nally stopped her; the bed-gown, when I went up, was on a shelf behind the counter; there was only Whaley in the shop with me and the prisoner.


                  ELIZABETH
                   WHALEY
               



             sworn.
I was at Mrs. Hunsworth's, 12th July: while Mrs. Hunsworth went up to look for a shift, 
               
                  Mary
                   Harris
               



             came round the counter, and took the bed-gown, and tucked it up her petticoats; I never saw the girl before; I went to fetch the gin, and when I came back I told Mrs. Hunsworth that Harris had robbed her; and she said, you b - h, I will cut your bloody liver out.
Mrs. M'NALLY sworn.
I went to Mrs. Hunsworth's by desire of Whaley; I saw the bed-gown under the prisoner's feet: she swore she would break the windows if she was not let out, and that she would never leave me till she had my bloody life.
The bed-gown produced by the constable, and deposed to by the prosecutrix.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
