





302. 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  BUCKIE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d day of February
, one silver table spoon, value 10s. and three silver tea spoons, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Low
                  




               
            .
JAMES LOW sworn. - I live at Clerkenwell green


, I am a pawnbroker
; I lost some spoons last February the 22d, one table spoon, and three tea spoons off my counter, between the hours of two and four; I had taken them in some time prior, and the persons whose property they were wanted them, but when I returned with the spoons, that person was gone out; I laid them on the counter, and turned to serve another customer, the prisoner at the bar was in the shop at the time they were taken away; I missed them almost immediately, I missed them before she went out of the shop, but I could not charge any one with them; I sent my servant the next morning round to my brother tradesmen, and part of them were found in Leather-lane, part in Baldwin's-gardens, and part in Fox's-court Gray's-inn-lane.


                  JOHN
                   EDWARDS
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, I live in Portpool-lane, Gray's-inn-lane; I produce a table spoon, I received it of the prisoner at the bar, on the 22d of February, above five or six o'clock in the afternoon; I asked her whose it was, she informed me it was her daughter's; next morning Mr. Low's apprentice came to my shop, and asked me if I had received such a spoon, I told him I had.
Mr. Low. This is part of my property.


                  JOHN
                   DALE
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Gabel, a pawnbroker, in Fox's-court, Gray's-inn-lane; I have two tea spoons, I took them in pledge of the prisoner at the bar, on the 22d of February, towards the evening, she said she had brought them from a person who lived in the same house that she did.
Mr. Low. They are part of my property.


                  WILLIAM
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker; I took a tea spoon in pledge from the prisoner, on the 22d of February.
Mr. Low. That is part of my property.
Prisoner's defence. Upon the 22d of February, a person said she had found some spoons, and asked me to pledge them, I certainly did pledge those articles produced, they were not marked, and she desired me to ask if she could redeem them again, and what would be the expence of having her cyphers put upon them.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 40.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
