





543. 
               
                  
                     JACOB 
                     ABRAHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of October
, four pounds of raw sugar, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bolt
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   BRYANT
               



             sworn. - On Friday the 11th of this month, I was in a lighter at Fresh-wharf


, watching the sugars; I saw the prisoner at the bar on the wharf taking some sugar out of a hogshead and putting it into his hat, the top of the hogshead was loose; I came out of the craft, and told him to put it into the hogshead again; he would not put it back, and then I called to Mr. 
               
                  George
                   Yates
               



            , then he threw it on the ground; I picked it up, and put it into my apron; there is about four pounds of it.


                  GEORGE
                   YATES
               



             sworn. - I am a gangsman under Mr. Bolt: I was landing sugars on the 11th of October; there was one hogshead came in in a very bad state, the head was nearly out, and the hoops on the outside were all broke asunder; we took it as far from the scale as we could, that we might land other sugars, till we got a cooper; Bryant called to me, I went to his assistance immediately, he had hold of the prisoner at the bar by the collar; I saw the prisoner take his hat from his head, I saw him throw the sugar from his hat upon the ground; I immediately secured him, and told Bryant to pick up the sugar; Bryant put it in his apron till the officer took it from him; I compared the sugar with the sugar in the hogshead, it was exactly of the same kind; there was no other hogshead that he could have got it from. (The sugar produced).
Prisoner's defence. There was one of the hogsheads that the head flew out, and a great deal ofsugar slipped, and the coopers asked me to lend them a hand to pick it up, and I put some into my hat to throw into the hogshead, and that young man came and knocked it out of my hat.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
