






346. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CONNER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DONNIVALL
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of April
, five hundred pounds weight of lead, value 2 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wilson
                  



               
            .
Indicted in a second COUNT for stealing the same lead laying it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wetherall
                  



               
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  JOHN
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter
 and builder
; I have undertaken to repair a house of Mr. Wetherall's in Bucklersbury


; there was a leaden cistern there; it was my property.
Q. At the time was it affixed to the wall? - It was not; it had been taken off before I went on the premises; it was kept in the house on the back room one pair of stairs, which formerly had been made use of as a kitchen; I had some men at work there, Cook and Godsell, and several more; the two prisoners were employed about this house, one as bricklayer and the other as a bricklayer's labourer, Donnivall was the bricklayer
, and Conner was the labourer
 to him; I went into the building on the 20th about eleven o'clock and was informed about this robbery; I made every enquiry I possibly could, first among my own men and amongst all the men; Mr. Donnivall told me he did not understand to be talked to in the way he had been by my carpenters, for they had told him that he must be one; I then went up stairs to see if I could find any part of the lead concealed; I came down again the second time and Mr. Donnivall said he would not stop in the building if he was to be talked to in that way by my carpenters; I said, Mr. Donnivall I shall certainly take you into custody as one; I saw the man was very much frightened indeed; I learned there had been two men seen the night before, I understood that from my own men, who mentioned it in the presence of the prisoner, that there were two men taken in custody the over night, in Mr. Reece's premises getting over the wall of our house; accordingly I desired the carpenter not to suffer the men to go, and I went to Mr. Reece's and got Mr. Reece's two men, Mr. Page and Burburry, and they came and they said they were sure of Donnivall, and they believed the other were the men they saw the over night; Mr. Donnivall said he could prove where he was between six and seven o'clock that evening; they charged himwith being in this situation about seven; Donnivall told me he was at a house in Fleet-market, and he could bring proof of that; Conner said likewise that he could bring proof where he was at seven o'clock, for his master's maid servant saw him at a publick house in Windmill-street in the Haymarket; they both denied being the persons that were over the wall, and they were very sure that they were not the people.
Q. Was any of this lead found? - Yes, I saw it found after I had given the two prisoners in custody of an officer; he told me it would be unnecessary for us to attend because there was not a sitting alderman at that time, and he would let us know; accordingly Mr. Hollis and I went over every room in the building and searched in the cellar, at last Mr. Hollis taking up a shovel, there was a large portion of screened rubbish and a heap of mortar, he takes up the shovel and stuck it into the lead; I then went round and saw him dig a second time and I believe there was six or seven pieces we found in the mortar and screened rubbish.
Q. Was you able to determine whether that lead constituted any part of the cistern? - Clearly so, because we put it together and matched it, there was as much as weighed five hundred and a half and eleven pounds.
Q. Did you weigh it at the time? - Yes, instantly.
Q. Whereabouts is the value? - Five pounds; I think there was at least five hundred pounds weight of it gone besides.
Prisoners Counsel. You say the man instantly pointed at the two prisoners as those that got over the wall the night before? - They did.
Q. Did you suspect them to be dishonest before? - I don't wish to affect the prisoners any thing more than merely to do common justice.
Q. Had you any grounds for suspicion before? - Yes, by losing property at various times.
Q. Had you any reason to suspect Donnivall? - I will tell you candidly what my reason was, they never knew my time of coming into the buildings, and I have seen that man several times flipping of something behind some part of the premises.
Court. You had suspicion of these people from their conduct and your losing property? - I had.


                  CHARLES
                   COOK
               



             sworn.
I was employed by Mr. Wilson in this house of Mr. Wetherall's; I was employed there the 19th of March; I know the two prisoners at the bar, the one was employed as a bricklayer, and the other as a labourer. On the 19th of March they were at work there in the one pair of stairs front room in taking rubbage out by a cart besides, out of the cellar; they left work as near as I can guess about ten minutes before six o'clock, the usual time is six o'clock, they made belief to go out, whether they went out or no I cannot tell; they went down the ladder and they got their coats on, the man put his coat on just before he went down the ladder; he generally does not work in his coat, it was Donnivall did that; as for the other I did not see whether the other went out or not, or whether he pretended going out or not; the door was on the spring lock; we heard the door go; when I left work I double locked the door; I left work at six o'clock, Godsell left the house at the same time with me, and the cistern was there when we left work, and it was gone when we went in the morning; I left it on the one pair of stairs back room.
Q. Do you know whether there were any workmen left in the house at the time you left it? - It was not myintention to leave any of them in, it was my intention to see them all out; I returned the next morning and I found the door double locked.
Court. Were they sober when they left work? - Yes, both of them at that time.
Prisoners Counsel. There are other buildings repairing in Bucklersbury? - There are.
Q. There are platforms to the other houses? - There are.
Q. And they might come up from these platforms to this house? - It is possible to be sure.
Q. Do you know who are working at these other houses? - Yes, they all came out of the gate when we went off the yard.


                  JOHN
                   GODSELL
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter; I left work about five minutes past six; I left work with Cook and the rest of my shopmates; I know the two men at the bar they left work pretty near six o'clock; when Donnivall went down I looked at my watch, he was going to leave work twenty-four minutes before six o'clock; I then looked at my watch and told him, and he put his coat down and went to work again for about ten minutes, when he put his coat on and went down, and I heard the door go to; I did not see the labourer.
Q. When you left work did you suppose any body was in the house? - No, we did not.
Q. What became of the cistern when you left the house that evening? - The last thing I did I pulled my hat off my head and throwed it into the cistern, and my jacket and my basket of tools were in the cistern all day, it was in the kitchen floor up one pair of stairs back room; in the morning I see the cistern cut up and my tools lay just by in the basket, every thing right; I went down below but I could not see any thing of it.
Prisoner Counsel. You say that when you returned in the morning you found your basket of tools and you saw the cistern cut up? - I missed it when I came up in the morning, was what I said.
Q. Were there any houses repairing in the neighbourhood? - Yes, there were two, and one has communication to this platform.
Q. Was you present when the two men came in to identify these people? - I was not.


                  WILLIAM
                   PAGE
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Reece, his back yard looks into this back yard of Mr. Wetherall's; about seven o'clock this evening two men were found in the yard I went in and saw them, I asked them how they came there? the further man, Connor, told me, says he, to tell you the truth I fell asleep, and the other man, Donnivall, gave the same account; I dare say they were with me in the yard near five minutes; I have not the least doubt but they are the men, I have no doubt of either of them.
Q. When did you see them again after this transaction? - Mr. Wilson desired me to look at them the next day, and I was very certain they are the two men I saw the preceeding evening.
Prisoners Counsel. When you went the next morning to see these men how were they dressed? - They were dressed the same as in the evening, Donnivall had on a drab coat.
Q. Did not you desire they should be dressed in their long clothes before you could identify them? - No such thing at all.


                  HENRY
                   BURBERRY
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Reece. On the 19th of March the door bell rang, of course I went to answer the bell, there was a manfollowed me down I asked him if he came from the counting house? he did not make me any reply, in short I let him out of the gateway, he went on the pavement, he did not give me a satisfactory answer I desired him to come back again, it was the man in the blue coat at the bar, Donnivall, there was another within, in the yard, Connor, I went up to him and asked how he came there? and desired him to give an account of himself; he said, he was double locked in by the carpenters in the other court, and that in order to get out they took that convenience by which means they thought they could get out, the other man said but very little.
Q. Are you sure that these are the two men? - I do believe they are I see them there afterwards in the building opposite, where they worked the next morning, the master carpenter and the master bricklayer came to me. I believe they are the two men that were in the yard the night before: I am pretty well positive.
Q. How long did they attend together that night? - Somewhere about ten minutes.
Prisoners Counsel Did you go the next morning into Mr. Wilson's yard to identify these men? - I did.
Q. How where they dressed? - They had got their coats off.
Q. Did you desire that they should put on their coats before you could identify them? - The right hand man was desired to put on his coat and it was the same.
Q. Do you know what coloured clothes all the workmen wear? - No.
Q. Do you know any thing of the situation of the place where Mr. Wilson is working? - I do not.
Mr. Knowlys. You say from their faces you believe them to be the men, and when their dress was produced it likewise corresponded.
Prisoners Counsel to Wilson. If these people were in a mind to commit a robberry in this house might they not easier get out at the door, that being only a spring lock, than by coming over this Wall? No, it was impossible to get out at the door because the spring lock was double locked.
Prisoner Donnivall. I am innocent.
Prisoner Connor. I am innocent.
Court to Burberry. What was the hour? - Rather after seven o'clock.
The prisoner Donnivall called eight witnesses, and Connor two who gave them good characters.


                  Thomas
                   Connor
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .


                  John
                   Donnivall
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
