







563. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     WALL
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     WELLING
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MILLINGTON
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Gordon
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of one in the night, on the 14th of June
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, a silk bonnet, value 10 s. a cloath coat, value 1 s. a cotton bed quilt, value 20 s. a table cloth, value 10 s. a sheet, value 1 s. four shifts, value 4 s. two hats, value 10 s. a hempen bag, value 1 s. a bird cage, value 1 s. and a tame canary bird, value 5 s. his property
            .


                  ELEANOR
                   GORDON
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  Edward
                   Gordon
               



            . My husband keeps a house in the Harrow Road, Paddington


. Our house was broke open on Monday, the 14th of June: I went to town about ten in the morning; and I returned again about half after seven in the evening; I keep the whole house; and between seven and eight in the evening, I went up stairs to take my bonnet into the front room, one pair of stairs; and put it into the cupboard; I put down the windows; and the next morning, about half after eleven, I went up, and found the two beads lay on the floor, and the window up, and two flower-pots pushed into the room, a pot of daisies, and a pot of stocks: they had been on the outside, and were there when I left the room, in the evening: when I went up the next morning, I missed the three bonnets, the canary bird and cage, a bed quilt, and the other things in the indictment: I saw the three bonnets at Bow-street, and the canary bird and cage, and a tea-chest; they are all mine: I can swear to the bird cage: my husband had cut off the four bottom knobbs.


                  HENRY
                   EMMETT
               



             sworn.
I am a labouring man. Three weeks ago, I was going to my labour between four and five, and I met the three prisoners in Mr. Welling's field, about two hundred yards farther than her house: they were going to where the goods lay, in a ditch: there was three bonnets, a boy's hat, a tea-chest, a bird cage, and a canary in it: they were coming across a field where there was no road. I went to my master's yard, and met Mr. Croker; and I followed the prisoners out of Mr. Welling's yard: I saw them all in the ditch, and come out of the ditch; and I went with Croker, and we met them in the same field where the goods were; and Croker drew his cutlass; and Wall threw away the tea-chest, and I ran after him, and took him.
Court. Was Wall walking or talking with the rest? - He was about two yards from the other two: I saw Croker stop the other two. 
               
                  William
                   Millington
               



             had the bird cage and the canary, and Welling had three bonnets wrapped up in his apron, anda boy's hat on his head, besides his own. Mr. Croker took the things away in my presence; I carried the bird cage to Bow-street: Croker took the other things home: I was present when the bird cage was shewn to Mrs. Gordon; she said it was her's: I saw the bonnet and hat, and the other things, at Bow-street; they are the same that were taken from the prisoners: Mrs. Gordon said they were her's. I was with Croker all the time while he carried the things; I never left him; I am sure these are the three men.
Prisoner Wall. Last Monday three weeks we met Welling.
PRISONER WELLING's and MILLINGTON's DEFENCE.
We found these things in a ditch.
ALL THREE 

               GUILTY
            .
 Each 




               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
