





433. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of July
, two dead geese, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Thornton
                  




               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  MARY
                   THORNTON
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of Samuel Thornton; I live at Stratford, in Essex, my husband is a poulterer
. On Friday, the 19th of July last, I went to Leadenhall-market


; I took twenty geese to market, and six there were at market; I took them packed in baskets in a cart; I believe there were about sixteen in one basket, and the other four in another basket, with some ducks; the prisoner went with me to Mile-end, and there we took up a Mr. Robert Turner, asalesman, who lives in Assembly-row, mile-end; the prisoner was servant
 to Mr. Thornton, he used to go up to London on every Friday to market; when I got to Lime-street, a porter unloaded the cart; I saw all the twenty geese taken out safe for sale; they were placed upon a board in the shop, at the latter part of the market; I cast up my goods, and found two geese deficient that was between seven and eight in the morning.
Q.What time did you arrive in the market? - A.About six o'clock; I supposed I had sold them all; the prisoner asked me if I would have all the geese up; and he told me I had got every thing up when the cart was unloaded; between seven and eight in the morning, the prisoner asked whether I had done with him; he said, if I had done, he would fetch his horse and cart and go home; I told him he might go; then he took hold of a basket that was in the shop, and took it out to the door with him; I asked him what he was going to do with that basket; he said, to carry it to Lime-street.
Q. Had you given him any directions to go to Lime-street for any purpose? - A. No; I desired him to leave his basket behind, or it would get lost, while he went for his horse and cart; it was the same basket in which I had brought the sixteen; I then ordered a person to look into the basket, Mr. Clark the poulterer, at Islington, and he searched the basket, it was then outside the door, in Leadenhall-market; when I opened it, I saw two dead geese lying at the bottom of the basket, but I did not touch them.
Q.Looking at those two geese, will you venture to swear they were your husband's property, and part of the geese you had brought to London? - A. They were.
Q. You opened the basket? - A. Yes; they are baskets made on purpose; it was a square basket, with a lid to it.
Q.Did Mr. Clark fasten the basket? - A. No; I went and called another gentleman to see the geese, Mr. 
               
                  Robert
                   Turner
               



            , a salesman, and then I tied it up again as it was before; then I watched for the prisoner coming to fetch it away; I saw him return in a few minutes after and take that basket away.
Q. Had you any geese in your shop that did not belong to your husband? - A.No, I had not; I then ordered a person, of the name of Gregory Seally, to watch him and follow him; he took strait down the passage from Leadenhall-market, to go into Lime-street; I am sure that the geese I saw in the basket, were two of the geese that I had brought from Stratford that morning.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q.Where was your cart kept? - A. At the Ipswich-arms, in Cullum-street.
Q. The prisoner would, of course, go down Lime-street to go to Callum-street? - A. Yes, but he brings the cart into Lime-street to load.
Q. The baskets that were in the shop it was his duty to take away? - A. Yes; he took away three or four that day.
Q. How long has he lived with you and your husband? - A.Seven or eight years.
Q.And, I believe, he was taken at your husband house? - A. He was.


                  JOHN
                   CLARK
               



             sworn - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a Poulterer, at Islington: On Friday the 10th of July, I was at Mrs. Thornton's, in Leadenhall-market, she desired me to look into the baskets; I looked into two, and found nothing but straw; I looked into a third, and found two dead geese; Mr. 
               
                  Robert
                   Turner
               



             was then fetched, and he saw them; I afterwards saw the prisoner take them away.
Court. Q. Could any person take up one of those baskets, with two geese in it, without being sensible, from the weight, that there was something in it? - A. I should think not; from their apperance, they never had been taken out of the basket.
Clark. They appeared to lay exactly as they came to market, they had not been unpacked.
Jury. (To Mrs. Thornton) Q. What enable you to swear that those two geese were your's? - A. I was two short of my number.


                  ROBERT
                   TURNER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a salesman at Leadenhall, and live at Mile-end; I came to market with Mrs. Thornton; I was called to her shop, and saw a basket with two geese in it, packed exactly as they were when they were brought to market; in a short time after, I saw the prisoner take away the basket.
GAEGORY SEALLY sworn - Examined by Mr. Knapp I work for Mr. Tuner, in Leadenhall-market; On Friday the 10th of July, I was sent for by Mrs. Thornton, at near eight o'clock; I went to Whitechapel-road, I was desired to watch her cart, the prisoner was with it; I watched it as far as Mils-end-road; I there saw the prisoner get out of the cart, and take something out; he went into the Red-lion public-house, I was not near enough to observe what it was that he took out; when I got to the door the prisoner came out again, bottoning up his breeches-pocket; he then got into the cart, and drove away towards Stratford; I went into the public-house, but did not see any thing.
Q.(To Mrs. Thornton.) Had you given the prisoner any directions to go to the Red-lion public-house? - A. No.
Q. Had you given him any directions to sell any geese there? - A. No; nor any where else.


                  SAMUEL
                   THORNTON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. The prisoner was my servant: I never gave him directions to sell any geese at any time.

Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You were before the Magistrate? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you take a person of the name of Float there, the master of the Red-lion public-house? - A. Yes; an officer went for him, and he came.
Q. Have you subpoenaed him here as a witness for you? - A. No; we took him by reason I expected him to be a receiver.
Q. Do you mean to say he was not a witness for you upon that occasion? - A. No, he only came in his own defence; I believe he was examined as a receiver.
Q. Do you mean to swear that? - A. I will tell you: this happened on the 20th of July, and the next morning I was coming to town, and coming past Mr. Float's door he bowed to me; I said, Mr. Float, do you know who those two geese were for that my man left here yesterday; upon that he seemed very much confused, and said, tell me the price of them and I will pay you; I said, I know nothing about the price, I would enquire of my man.
Q.Will you venture to swear, that before the Magistrate, he was either examined as a receiver, or that he was committed by the Magistrate as a receiver, or that you were bound over to prosecute him? - A. I was not bound over to prosecute him I accused him as a receiver before the Magistrate.
Q. Did you not make use of his evidence before the Magistrate against this man? - A. Not as an evidence.
Q.Upon your oath, was he not bound over to give evidence upon this trial? - A. That I don't know.
Q. Don't you know he was bound over to give evidence upon this business? - A.Not for me, for the man.
Q.Did you mean to swear, that the Magistrate bound him over to give evidence for the man? - A. No; I don't mean to swear that, I don't recollect.
Q.Was your wife bound over to give evidence? - A. I don't recollect that; I was bound over.
Q.Was Mr. Clark bound over? - A. I think so, I won't he sure.
Q. Were the other persons bound? - A. I believe they were not.
Q. Upon your oath, did not Float tell you that this man had left them, and said you would call for the money for them? - A. No, he did not; he told me he had ordered them of my man, either the Thursday or Friday morning.
Q. Upon your oath, did he not tell you that the prisoner said he did not know the price, and he was to pay you? - A. No; Mr. Float was very much confounded, and said, I will pay you, what do they come to.
Q. Upon the solemn oath you have taken, did not Float tell you, that you were to be paid for them? - A. No.
Q. Have you not passed his door every day when you came to town? - A. Yes.
Q. And though you knew he had been a witness before the Magistrate, you never called upon him to tell him the trial was coming on? - A. No.
Q.Did you not see him at Hicks's-hall? - A. No; I did not go there.
Q.Upon your oath, did he not ask you, no longer ago than Wednesday last, when your trial was to come on? - A. I saw him at his door, and he said, are you going to-day; and I told him, yes; that was all.
Q. Did you desire him to attend? - A. No.
Q. Upon your oath, don't you know that he did attend at Clerkenwell? - A. I have heard so since, and that he preferred some kind of a bill; I heard it at Leadenhall, or somewhere.
Q. You took the prisoner before a Magistrate in Middlesex, and were bound over to prosecute in Middlesex, the property having been disposed of at Mile-end? - A. I cannot pretend to say, I believe I was.
Q. This man has been attending at Hicks's-hall, and you have not fought after him, but preferred your bill in London? - A. Yes.
Q. Is your son here? - A. No.
Q. Have you never received any intimation from your son, that he or you were to call for the money? - A. My son had no business with it, and did not know any thing at all about it till afterwards.
Q. I ask you whether you have not been told, by your own son, that either he or you were to call and receive the price of these geese? - A. No.
Q. Have you ever had the curiosity to ask him whether he ever received the money? - A. No.
Q. The prisoner was taken up in your service, was he not? - A. Yes; he was taken out of my yard.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.
For the Prisoner.(Mr. Fitzpatrick proved, from the recognizance, that Float was bound over to give evidence in the county of Middlesex).
SALOMON WYDROW sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Thornton, at Stratford: the prisoner has lived a great many years in Mr. Thornton's service; I never heard that he bore a bad character.
The prisoner called four other witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 35.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
