





398. 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     WADE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of June
, a silver watch, value 3l. 3s the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Stark
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  ALEXANDER
                   STARK
               



             sworn.
I am a baker
; the prisoner lived at a public house as pot boy
 at the time that I was robbed.
Q. Did that public house serve you? - Yes. On Saturday, the 27th of June, I think it was about two o'clock, or it may be ten minutes after, I went into the bakehouse, to the place where my watch used to hang in the bakehouse, my watch was gone; I used frequently to lend it to my man to mind the time of the night with.
Q. How soon did you see it again? - I think it was the 6th of July, that Friday week, I see it at Bow-street; I knew it; I think the pawnbroker gave it me; the pawnbroker has had it evening.
Q. Why do you impute it to this boy? The moment I missed my watch I went up stairs and asked my man that he had done with my watch? he told me that he had missed it the Thursday before, which was the 25th of June, about two o'clock.
Q. When was the boy taken up? - The 6th of July.
Q. You yourself never see it on that boy's possession? - No.


                  JOHN
                   RIVETT
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Bow-street. On Monday the 6th of July, I was sent for to the pawnbroker's in Short's-ardens, Drury-lane, who told me that a person, who was stopped there, had offered a watch to pledge which had been advertised. In consequence I went there and took the boy, the prisoner, into custody. The pawnbroker produced the watch at the office; and Mr. Stark was sent for, and he said it was a silver watch with a cap to it, which cap I found afterwards, which was particularly described as belonging to the watch, that was lost, but was taken off the watch at the time that he pledged it; the pawnbroker stopped it, because of the number of answering the description without the cap.


                  ROBERT
                   THOMSON
               



             sworn.
I am a baker, a servant; the watch was left in my custody.
Q. When was the last time, that you see this watch? - The 25th of June, about ten o'clock in the morning. It hung on a nail in the bakehouse.
Q. Did you ever see it in the possession of that lad? - No.


                  JOHN
                   STERNE
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker's servant; I produce a watch; I got it of the prisoner at the bar.
Q. Are you sure of his person? - Yes; He offered it to pawn, on Monday, the6th of July, between eight and nine o'clock; I asked him whose it was? he said it was his father's; I asked him where his father lived? he said in Back-lane, Oxford-street. I had a suspicion of its being stole, and I stopped him. I looked over the book, and saw the watch had been advertised from Bow-street.
Q. Had the watch a cap on as advertised? - No, it had not.
Q. Except the cap did it answer all the other particulars? - Yes, it did. I asked him if he had ever pawned it before for his father? he said, yes; I asked him about how long his father had had it? he said, five years.
Q. You stopped him? - I did.
Q. Have you kept it ever since? - I have.(Produced and deposed to.)
Q. To prosecutor. I find, by your servant, that this watch was missed the 25th of June, was the boy then in this house? - Yes; he left the service on the 27th of June.
Q. Previous to this, and about this time, did this boy come to this bake-house? - I have seen him in the bake-house. He was the boy that brought the beer that I used to give the man of a night; every night I had a pint of beer brought regularly at eight o'clock, and he used to come for the pots in the morning sometimes.
Q. How long have you had the watch? - I think I have had it between seven and eight years, to the best of my knowledge; I bought it of Mr. Rutland, Oxford-street; I think I gave him four pounds ten shillings for it; it was a second hand watch when I bought it. I have valued it at three guineas, I would not take four guineas for it.
Prisoner. There was a man came in one evening for a pot of beer, he puts a pocket handkerchief down and went away and left it, and in the pocket handkerchief lay two watches, and he never came back to look after the two watches, and as I was going away I never told my master that I had found them; and when I left my master I went to pledge one, and I was stopped and sent to prison. I am quite a stranger in this country; there were two bad boys enticed me away from my father. I have no-frends here.
GUILTY,




               Of stealing to the value of 39s.
            

(Aged 15.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
