






71. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     GODFREY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BENNETT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of November
, a silver table-spoon, value 10s. six silver tea-spoons, value 14s. two cloth coats, value 2l. four waistcoats, value 4s. a pair of corderoy breeches, value 1s. a velveteen jacket, value 1s. a pair of men's leather shoes, value 5s. and two pair of cotton stocking, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Howe
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Eleanor
                         Higgins
                     



                   and William Smith
            .
EDWARD HOWE sworn. - I am waiter
 at the Three Cups-Inn, Aldersgate-street: The prisoner, Bennett, was under horse-keeper
, and the other was horse-keeper to a hackney-coachman, in a yard against Hatton-wall. When I went to bed, about one o'clock in the morning of the 26th of November, I found my box broke open, and missed the things mentioned in the indictment, (repeating them); Bennett was missing from his bed; the next morning, I went to where Godfrey worked, and took him upon suspicion, I found a pair of cotton stockings upon him, with my mark on them, they were in his pocket; then I went in search of Bennett, and found him at a public-house upon Saffronhill, drinking a pint of beer; I found my clothes in a bag underneath a bench in the tap-room, and a pair of stockings and six silver tea-spoons in his pocket; he was taken into custody, and carried to Hatton-garden.
Q. What did they say for themselves? - A. I did not hear either of them say any thing.(William Chapman, the officer, produced the property, which was deposed to by Howe).
Bennett's defence. I was not up stairs that night at all.
The prisoner, Godfrey, called his master, who had known him between four and five years, and gave him a good character.
Godfrey, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .



Bennett, GUILTY (Aged 24.)
Of stealing to the value of 39s.






               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
