





110. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     MASON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of January
 last, one cloth great coat, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Maclearin
               




            .
Mrs. MACLEARIN sworn.
My husband is a taylor
 in Chesterfield-street


. I was sitting by the fire with my children (the front door was open) about half past six: I thought I saw something move in the shop: and I saw a coat partly out: I saw no hand: I cried stop thief! and ran to the end of the street: I saw nobody there: on the Saturday following I saw the coat: on the Tuesday following I saw the prisoner in custody of the patrole.


                  JAMES
                   DORLEY
               



             sworn.
I am a patrole of St. George, Hanover-square. On Thursday night, about a quarter after seven, I saw the prisoner in James-street, Grosvenor-square, with two others: I had seen them twice before that evening: the last time I saw him was about a quarter past seven in the evening: I followed the prisoner before he could offer it for sale: it was at a house suspected to receive stolen goods: I asked him how he came by this coat? he said he bought it of a young man: I laid hold of him: the other man ran away.
(The coat deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had a shovel mending in St. James's-street. My mother said to me, go and see if your shovel is done: at the end of St. James's-street, I saw two young men with this coat; and they asked me if I wanted to buy a coat? I told them yes: that my mother had been speaking to me, if I saw a tidy coat, she would buy it for me; they asked me six shillings: I told them to come with me to my mother: I took the coat under my arm, and went to see whether my shovel was done: they went along with me, and stood at the door: I went in to know if my shovel was done, and thepatrole followed me in: he asked what I had? I told him a coat; and as soon as those men saw I was taken hold of, they ran away, and they took me into custody.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
