





382. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     GLAVE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Holcomb
                        




                     
                  , no person being therein, about the hour of twelve in the night of the 21st of April
, with intent the goods in the said house burglariously to steal, and stealing, a feather bed, value 40s. a mattress, value 20s. two feather pillows, value 2s. three woollen blankets, value 15s. a looking-glass in a gilt frame, value 10s. two linen bed-curtains value 12s. a linen vallance, value 2s. and a linen headpiece, value 2s. the property of the said Thomas
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Const.)
Court. There must be an end of the burglary, for it is necessary, in order to bring it within the statute upon which this indictment is founded,"no person being therein," that it should be done in the day-time; therefore, that part of the indictment is clearly bad.


                  WILLIAM
                   SKEAY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const. I am clerk to Mr. Holcumb; the house is situated in Glass-house-fields, Ratcliff-highway


: I do not know any thing of the goods in the house, I know that they were left in the house in the care of one of our coopers, 
               
                  William
                   Stone
               



            ; I was present at the time the inventory was taken; I know that such goods were there at that time.


                  WILLIAM
                   STONE
               



             sworn. - Examined by MR. Const. I am cooper to Mr. Holcomb, in Glass-house-fields, I do not know in what parish it is situated; the last time I was there was on the 11th of April; at that time the goods were all safe confined in one room, nailed up, I did it myself; I did not go to the house again till I heard it was broke open, and then I missed the things.


                  MARY
                   LEARMAN
               



             sworn. - I know Mr. Holcomb's house, I live at No.16, Brook-street, almost opposite the fields where this house was; I know the prisoner perfectly well, I saw her coming out of the house on the 21st of April, between eleven and twelve at night, my son was with me; she was coming out at a pair of folding doors behind the house, with a bed; I could see the stripes of the bed very distinctly.

Q. Was any body with her? - A. Nobody that I saw; she went towards her own house with it.
Court. Q. How far does she live from Mr. Holcomb's? - A. Not further than that wall.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Did you know the prisoner before? - A. Yes.
Q. Why did not you take her into custody? - A. I had not such a thought of it; I had no thoughts of law.
Q. Did not you go to the Public-office the next day? - A. Yes; when I was fetched.
Q. How long was it since you had seen the prisoner before? - A. I often see her as I pass.
Q. How came you out so late at night? - A. I was about my own business.
Q. What business might you have been out upon? - A. My husband is a labouring man, and I had no money till I got his wages, and I went out to market.
Q. Have you ever lodged with the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Q. You lived upon very good terms? - A. Always; till I gave her warning.
Q. Did it ever happen that she summoned you before a Magistrate? - A. Yes; for three broken panes of glass.
Q. You had a little dispute about that, I believe? - A. Very little, for I never had much talk with her.
Q. Did she ever summon you for any thing else? - A. Yes, for a stove-brush; but that I knew nothing of.
Q. Then you were very angry with her for that? - A. I had no spite against her.
Q. Has she ever summoned you for rent? - A. I owed her none.
Q. How long had you lived with her? - A. Thirteen months; I was to pay her twenty pence a week.
Q. Had you paid her all that? - A. I sent her the keys and the money.
Q. Do you mean to swear that she did not summon you for rent? - A. She did not.
Court. Q. According to this account, you have known this woman for some time? - A. Yes; she is a rope-maker's wife
, his name is 
               
                  Joseph
                   Glave
               



            .


                  GEORGE
                   LEARMAN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const. I went out with my mother on Saturday night, between eleven and twelve, and saw the prisoner coming out of a pair of folding-doors, at Mr. Holcomb's house, with a bed.


                  WILLIAM
                   ELBY
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of Shadwell: I was employed to apprehend Mrs. Glave, at her house in Glasshouse-fields; she absconded; I saw her husband on the Monday, the 23d, I told him it would be as well for her to come up in the morning, the 24th, and he told me that she should; instead of that, Mr. Haines and I, and another officer, got up early in the morning, and waited for the house being open, with a search warrant; that was about seven o'clock; the prisoner was there; and while we were there, the husband came in, I asked him to open a chest that was in the room; I asked him what was in it, he told me there was nothing but feathers; in searching, I found this looking-glass; and here is a sample of the feathers; (producing them); I found two or three duplicates upon her, and two duplicates she threw down upon the floor; I picked them up, and it contains a bed-tick pawned for five shillings, in a different name to that she goes by; she said she bought it of a Jew in Rosemary-lane, she gave six shillings for it; the pawnbroker is here; she told me she had had this glass for a good while.
Q. How many feathers might there be? - A. They were three or four inches deep.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You went to the husband's house on the Monday? - A. Yes.
Q. And, notwithstanding that, on the Tuesday morning you found her at home? - A. Yes.


                  JOSEPH
                   HAYNES
               



             sworn. - I went with Mr. Elby; I know no more than he does.


                  JAMES
                   BALL
               



             sworn. - I know the prisoner at the bar: I live at Mr. Dexter's, a pawnbroker, in Whitechapel-road; she pledged with me a bed-tick for five shillings, on the 23d of April. (Produces it.)
Q. Look at that duplicate? - A. That is my writing, I gave it her; she pledged it in the name of Astor.
Mr. Const. That is her maiden name.
Q. (To Stone.) Can you undertake to swear that that is the tick of a bed that was in Mr. Holcomb's house? - A. I lay upon the bed near three weeks, and I made it every night, and have no doubt but it is the same bed; I have not the least doubt about it.
Q. Do you know any thing of the glass? - A. No; I cannot say about the glass.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You are servant to Mr. Holcomb? - A. Yes.
Q. You were before the Magistrate? - A. Yes.
Q. Were not you examined about the identity of some bed-curtains that were produced? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you not undertake to say that these bed-curtains were in the house? - A. I said they were like them.
Q. Did you not say they were the curtains that were in the house, till the person came forward, and proved that they were in his possession? - A. I never said any thing but that they were like them.
Q. The curtains hung round the bed, and of course, you had a better opportunity of being acquainted with them than you could have of the tick? - A. No, I cannot say that I had; only in regard to the pattern.
Q. And you made no observation upon the bed, but when you were making it? - A. No.
Q. There are many qualities and sizes of ticking? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you not think you are as likely to be mistaken in the one as in the other? - A. I have no doubt it is the same tick.
The prisoner left her defence to her Counsel.
One of the Jury. Q. I wish to know by what particular mark you can distinguish that bed-tick from another of the same size and stripe? - A. There is an addition made to it in widening it, and also a very remarkable seam.
Jury. Nine bed-ticks out of ten are made in the same way; that is not an addition, but the way in which they are usually made.
The prisoner called 
               
                  Rebecca
                   Wright
               



            , who gave her a good character.
GUILTY (Aged 39).




               Of stealing goods to the value of 4s
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
