






516. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     PALMER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of May

 last, eight bushels of oats, value 14 s. a hempen sack, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Mountain
               



            .
Another Count, for stealing the same goods, laying them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Hodges
                  



               
            .
And 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MARLBOROUGH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the said goods, on the same day, knowing them to be stolen
            .

(The case opened by Mr. Silvester.)


                  RICHARD
                   HODGES
               



             sworn.
I am a wharfinger
 at Northumberland wharf, Scotland-yard: I keep carts and horses. On the 1st of May, about six in the morning, I sent a load of corn to Castle-street, Oxford-market: the carman's name was 
               
                  Robert
                   Stevens
               



            .
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. Let Stevens go out of court? - There were thirty sacks; that is fifteen quarters; I saw it delivered in the cart, all right; I told it myself.
Whose corn was it? - Mr. Mountain's; I carted it for him; he was to deliver it to a gentleman, Mr. Akers, in Castle-street: Palmer was a carman

 with me; I had discharged him; and he was then what we call a trouncer. About five or six in the evening, I sent another load by a carman of the name of Blackhall; there were thirty sacks, fifteen quarters, to go to Mr. Carr, in Oxford-street, the stable keeper: Palmer was trouncer with that cart: that was likewise Mr. Richard Mountain's: I saw the prisoners sign their confessions; there was no promise.
Mr. Garrow. Malborough attended to give evidence against Palmer? - Yes; he was obliged to attend; they were all taken up.


                  WILLIAM
                   DARMER
               



             sworn.
I am a cooper, in Mary-le-bone-street, Golden-square. On Saturday, the 1st of May, between six and seven, I saw one of Mr. Hodges's carts coming up Oxford-street loaded with sacks: I saw the prisoner Palmer bring one sack loaded with corn or sugar (God knows what it was; it might be saw-dust) and carry it into Marlborough's house; the cart went on, and stopped about ten yards up Francis-street, while the man came our. In the afternoon, between four and five, I saw another of Mr. Hodges's carts; I was coming into my house; it was loaded with sacks in the same manner, and this same man, he did not take it from the cart; that I do really believe; for the carman put it on his shoulder; but he brought it from the cart to Marlborough's house; I saw him come out; the cart and he went up Francis-street likewise: as to Marlborough, I know nothing of him; but he certainly carried the sacks into that house; what was in them, God knows, whether corn or saw-dust.
Mr. Garrow. You did not examine at either of the times, what number of sacks were left in the cart? - No.
Whether this was a sack picked up in the road, after the compliment was compleat, you cannot say? - I cannot.
What is a trouncer? - When I have had coals come in, they have asked me if the trouncers should trim them; that is all I know: I recollect, in putting it down, it fell in the street; I thought the carmen were worse than him, for they gave it to him.


                  ROBERT
                   STEVENS
               



             sworn.
Mr. Garrow. I submit whether there is enough to let in this fellow?
Court. His evidence is certainly competent.
Stevens. I used to work at the coal-wharf: I was the first carman, on the 1st of May, I had a load of oats, fifteen quarters, to carry to Castle-street, Oxford-market.
Did you go with it safe there? - I went up Mary-le-bone-street, and the other partner with me took a sack off his cart, and told me to go on.
Where did he carry it to? - I do not know.
You mean Palmer? - Yes.
You was the carman, and he the trouncer? - Yes.
When you came to unload, how many sacks had you? - He told thirty full sacks.
Were there thirty full sacks? - I do not know; I did not tell them when they were loaded.
Had you taken up any sack in the way? - No.
Was the sack that was taken from your cart, one of those that were loaded at Mr. Hodges's wharf? - Yes.

Mr. Garrow. How long have you been a thief? - I never was in gaol before.
You did not help to take it off? - No, Sir.
That you are quite sure of? - Yes.
He did it without your consent, I warrant you? - Yes.
You were to carry the thirty sacks? - Yes.
And you carried him thirty? - Yes.
So they took you up for this? - Yes.
And you was sent to gaol? - Yes, worse luck.
Was afraid of being hanged, if you did not tell this story? - I tell no more than the truth.
Jury. Do you say that he took that sack without your knowledge? - I did not know he took it off; he told me to stop the cart, and I stopped.
Do not you always walk together? - Yes.
Is not the cart always tied? - I did not help him to take it off.
Who did?
Darmer. A man or boy, God knows which it was, helped him; he could not take it off himself.


                  WALTER
                   BLACKHALL
               



             sworn.
I was a carman belonging to Mr. Hodges; I was an odd man there for two hours; I drove this cart in the afternoon, to go to Mr. Akers, the stable-keeper, in Oxford-road: I stopped just as I turned into Francis-street, I think, as you go into Golden square, for my horses to stale.
Mr. Garrow. And for you to steal? - No, Gentlemen, I did not: I turned my head round, and I saw 
               
                  Samuel
                   Palmer
               



             with a sack out behind; but where he carried it to, I cannot say.
Was it one of your sacks? - I cannot say; I did not see where he took it.
Did you stop? - No; I went on with my cart.
Mr. Garrow. Did he steal this without your knowledge? - I do not know upon my word; I did not see where he took it from.
Who helped him off with it? - I cannot say.
Upon your oath, did not you? - No, I did not.
Will you swear that positively? - Yes, I will, and take my oath positively.
What, you did not know what was going forward? - No, I did not indeed; I will tell the truth as nigh as I can.
You really mean to say you did not know what was going forward? - I did not.
Did you tell the gentleman that you had lost a sack? - No; I did not know whether I had or not.
Now, Mr. Honesty, how came you not to tell there was a sack lost? - I could not tell that, because I did not know whether there was or not.
You do not know now? - No.
Did not the gentleman give you a bill for the thirty sacks? - He gave the other man the bill; I saw the man put a sack from my cart.
Do you usually let a man take a sack? - I never did in my life, not before this time, nor at this time; I was not sure that he took it from my cart.
You said this moment, that you saw him taking it from your cart? - I saw him with the sack on his back; I did not know any thing at all more than seeing the man with the sack on his back; I was along with the cart.
They sent you to gaol? - Yes.
That was very wicked of them? - I cannot tell that.


                  THOMAS
                   HODGES
               



             sworn.
I went to Marlborough's house, in Mary-le-bone-street, on Saturday night, the 1st of May: I know nothing of the transaction in the morning. On Saturday evening, there was a cart went out, drove by Blackhall, to Mr. Akers's, in Oxford-street; there was a sack short when the cart came back; we sent notes with them; they sent back a note for twenty-nine and a half; I immediately went to Mr. Akers; and Mr. Akers's foreman gave me information; I found a sack short; I reckonedthe sacks when they came back, and there was a sack short; and after some time, there was a letter came down, which led me to Marlborough's house: I fetched a constable, and took the carmen into custody; I went with the carman, Stevens: he said he thought he could inform me of the house; and went to Marlborough's house, and found four sacks, seemingly oats, and a large basket and an orange chest; Marlborough keeps a horse and cart, and moves goods, and keeps a fruit-shop; the sacks were marked the same as Mr. Mountain's, R. M.; I told him what the carman had confessed; that he had bought two sacks of 
               
                  Samuel
                   Palmer
               



            , and given five shillings a sack for them. On Monday morning we went to Mr. Hyde's; and Marlborough confessed, which was taken in writing; I saw him sign it; on the Saturday night he told me he had bought two sacks of 
               
                  Samuel
                   Palmer
               



            , that same day, and given five shillings a sack; I suppose then the oats sold for sixteen shillings.


                  RICHARD
                   MOUNTAIN
               



             sworn.
It cost fifteen and six-pence on board the ship; then there is lighterage and cartage to it.
One sack is but half that value? - No.
Mr. Garrow. What did you charge it to Mr. Akers? - I could tell you; but it is not a fair question; but I charged him sixteen shillings and six-pence.


                  Joseph
                   William Carrington
               



             called, but did not answer.
Prisoner Palmer. I leave it to my counsel.
Prisoner Marlborough. I leave it to my counsel.


                  SAMUEL
                   PALMER
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            ,




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  JOHN
                   MARLBOROUGH
               



            , 


               GUILTY
            ,




               Transported for fourteen years
            .


                  John
                   Marlborough
               



             was recommended to mercy by the jury, from motives of compassion, having a large family, and his wife laying in.
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
