





280. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FRANKLIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of February
, one cotton gown and coat, value 5 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Far
                  




               
            .
Mrs. FAR sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  William
                   Far
               



            . I live at Paddington


. On the 18th of February I washed a cotton gown and coat, and hung it in the yard about twelve at noon; the yard is close to the house; it hung there till pretty near three o'clock; I had seen it not above a quarter of an hour before I missed it: I never heard any more of it.


                  ANTHONY
                   GAUNT
               



             sworn.
I live at Paddington. On Thursday, the 18th of February, I was in my master's business; and see this man about three o'clock, about Mr. Far's house; the prisoner was on the outside of the garden, near the fence; I saw him walking backwards and forwards some time; I saw him pull down a board to make a hole in the fence; he ran in, and I saw him draw something from the inside of the garden, and he stuck it under his arm, and ran out, and ran across the fields; he was too far ahead to catch him, so I went to meet him, which I did at Tyburn-turnpike; he saw me, and ran across the road, over Hyde-park wall, and made the best of his way for thePark-gate; and I, going down Park-lane, met him at the gates; I laid hold of him, and asked him, what he had got there? he said, nothing; I said to him, what is that you pulled out of that garden? he pulled it out, and says, here is what I got; it was a cotton gown; he said, he took it out of the garden: I took him to my master's counting-house; where I took it of him, and him to the watch-house; the gown has been in my possession ever since. He told me that day he came out of Clerkenwell.
(The gown produced and deposed to.)
What is it worth? - Five shillings.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
