





89. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BROMWELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of September
, five pair of leather shoes, value 15 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Cartwright
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  THOMAS
                   CARTWRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 107, High Holborn


; I keep a shoe-warehouse
: the prisoner at the bar was a journeyman hair-dresser
, servant to Mr. Combs, hair-dresser, in Wharton's-court, whom I employ as a hair-dresser; this man has come back wards and forwards, to dress my hair, till the 12th instant, when about three o'clock in the afternoon, Mr. Comb, his master, came to my shop, and called me into the parlour on one side, and gave me some information which led me to Mr. Notley's, the pawnbroker's, in Leather-lane: when I got there, the prisoner was there; at which place I found five-and-twenty pair of men's shoes, my property; we took the prisoner before a justice, and he was committed: he declared, at the justice's, that he had taken them two or three pair at a time: I have found a dozen pair at another pawnbroker's since.

Mr. Knowlys, Prisoner's Counsel. Have you any body concerned in the business but yourself? - No.
How many persons do you employ in the shop? - Nobody but myself and my brother, and now and then my wife, perhaps of a Saturday night.
This man had dressed your hair for some time, and you never suspected him? - I never suspected him; I suspected an innocent person.
Had you missed any at any particular time when this man had been with you? - I have missed for some time, but at no particular time.


                  JOSEPH
                   NOTLEY
               



             sworn.
The prisoner at the bar has brought at different times five and twenty pair of shoes to me; I am sure as to the man. (The shoes produced and deposed to.) The last time he came with four pair, and I stopped him.
How came you to take so many pair in of this man? - He had the appearance of a hair-dresser; and he said at first bringing of the shoes, that he dressed two gentlemen who were partners in a shoe-ware-house, and that they always paid him in goods, and that was how he came by them.
Do not you know that you ought to put down the name of the owner? - He pledged them as his own property, and said he was a master hair-dresser, and that he lived in Slop-alley, in Holborn; I had confidence in what he said.
Court. Great confidence indeed you gentlemen must have, to suffer a man to come with five and twenty pair of shoes, from September to January? - I did not know I had so many; and seeing I had so many, made me make farther enquiry.
Mr. Knowlys. What did you lend on each of these five pair mentioned in the indictment? - I lent three shillings on each pair.
Court to Cartwright. What are they worth? - I sell them for five and six-pence a pair; they are worth to the trade about four and ten-pence.
The prisoner called nine witnesses who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY to the value of 4 s. 10 d. only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
