





576. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MOORE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of July
, a cotton handkerchief, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Brown
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   BROWN
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 33, James-street, Manchester-square: On Tuesday, the 19th of July, about half past eleven o'clock, I was going down Long-lane, Smithfield


, and felt a man's hand in my pocket; I turned round, and he pulled his hand and my handkerchief out, and gave me a blow on the left side; we both fell down, he immediately got up and ran away; I picked up the handkerchief, and ran after him; the watchman and I caught him both together; I never lost sight of him; there were four men with him, and a man on horseback in the gang; the man on horseback said, d-n his blood, knock him down, fetch him down; he struck three or four blows at me, and missed me.


                  JONATHAN
                   DICKSON
               



             sworn. - At half past eleven o'clock I was calling the hour, and hearing the cry of stop thief, I turned round, and went up the lane a little way, and there was the prosecutor and the prisoner, one of them on the ground, and the other getting up, and he said, watch, I charge you with the prisoner, he has picked my pocket of this handkerchief; he gave me the handkerchief; I secured the prisoner, and took him to the watch-house.(The handkerchief produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I was coming along Long-lane, and saw a parcel of people contending about a handkerchief; I picked this handkerchief up in the kennel, and before I could say is this the handkerchief, the gentleman laid hold of me; since that the prosecutor has been with my friends, and demanded two guineas to make it up, and then he came down to a guinea and a half.
Prescutor. Here are two witnesses here to what passed in the public-house; there came a person to me begging me to make it up; I said, I could not do any such thing.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
