







466. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DAWDEN
                  




               
            , 
               
                  JAMES 
                  ANDERSON
               




            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BAILEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of June
, a child's frock, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Michie
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   MICHIE
               



             sworn. - I am the father of Elizabeth Michie, I keep an oil-shop: On the 22d of June last, I lost my child's frock, it was laying upon the top of a cask in the shop, my wife had laid it there, I do not know any thing of the loss.


                  JAMES
                   BUTLER
               



             sworn. - On the 22d of June, I was fitting at dinner, I live about six doors from the prosecutor, and saw these three boys go to the prosecutor's shop; I saw the least of them (Anderson) go in, and then he came out with the frock under his coat, it stood above the lappel of his coat, and then he and the other went up to the big one(Bailey) and gave the frock to him; then they both returned into the shop a second time, and I went and secured them both in the shop; I went back, he denied knowing any thing of the others; I fetched a constable, and they were taken to the watch-house, they were searched, but the frock was not found.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You say the frock was not found? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            No.
Q. Had any body taken them before you came up? - A. No.


                  HENRY
                   BATES
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, I searched the prisoners at the watch-house; I found twenty-five guineas and a half upon them, twelve guineas, three dollars, and three shillings upon Dawden; upon Bailey the big one, I found thirteen guineas, and upon the little one, Anderson, I found a dollar and a half; I desired him to undo his cloaths, and half-a-guinea more dropped out of his cloaths; in the shoes of Dawden and Bailey, I found two pair of silver buckles; upon Bailey, a silver watch, and upon Dawden, a silver hunting watch.
The prisoners left their defence to their Counsel.
Dawden, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 11.)
Anderson, 

               GUILTY
            , (Aged 10.)
Bailey, 

               GUILTY
            , (Aged 14.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before The LORD CHIEF BARON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


