





496. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     BATELEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of October
, two quart pewter pots, value 2s. and a pint pewter pot, value 6d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Downs
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCIS
                   DOWNS
               



             sworn.
I keep the Golden Lion, Battle Bridge, Pancras




. This gentleman was found with my pots.



                  JOHN
                   ELLIS
               



             sworn.
I am a publican. On October the 9th, in the evening, between the hours of seven and eight, a man came into my house, in Coppice Row, and said, Ellis, I believe there is a man knocking up forae pewter in such a house in Coppice Row; it is a shell of a house, the corner of Bowling Grden Lane, Coppice Row. I went to the window of the same house, and when I came there, the man made his escape out of the door; I pursued him, and took him in Baker's Row. The prisoner, 
               
                  Richard
                   Bateley
               



            .
Q. How far from the place did you take him? - About a hundred yards.
Q. Did you lose sight of him? - No. From that I collared him, and brought him to my house, and set him down in the bar. He had pots in his apron, and he had something in his packets, which I did not take from him. I gave charge of him to a couple of patroles, who took him down to St. James's watch-house, Clerkenwell. I have got the pots here, two quarts and a pint; he had battered them with a brickbat the same way as they are now.
Prosecutor. They are my pots. I can almost swear that they were scoured the same day as he took them. There is my name on them all.


                  WILLIAM
                   KNIGHT
               



             sworn.
Mr. Ellis sent for me to take the man into custody.
Prisoner. I was at the White Hart, Battle Bridge. I know the house perfectly well; if I am not mistaken, one Mr. Hamilton keeps it. I went there at one o'clock; I had a sheep's heart drest for dinner, and it being a rainy afternoon I stopped there till half past six o'clock that evening that these three pots were found on me. I believe I can prove I was there at half past six, and coming from the White Hart home to Mr. where I lodge, I found these pots and the bundle I am like wise charged with, altogether. It was in a place where there was a pump, and a little house there. I found the pots; I did not endeavour to nine them; I brought them in my apron along the road; I might have come many different ways not to have come through the town; and in the house that was opposite Mr. Ellis's I went to ease myself, and my foot slipped, and the pots made a noise, and that was what they heard. Whether they was bruised so in the fall, I must leave your Lordship to judge. However, that gentleman comes out to me when I got out again into the road, and said, what have got there? says I, I have got some pots, and he said, whose are they? I said, I did not know, and if they had watched me out, they might have found out whether I was the thief, and most likely the people that were the receiver of these things. I did not make any obstruction to being taken; I went very quickly into the house; he asked me if I would drink some gin? I was then intimidated, not so much for any thing, as for fear of going to prison to be ironed; a circumstance I never experienced before. However, I was taken by two watchmen; I did not appear that they gave any charge against me; I was then put backwards, it was three hours before I was searched; I then had time to ruminate, and consider of the unhappy circumstance. I knew there was a great deal of guilt Implied in having stolen goods in my possession. I had a bundle with me, and there was a hole in the wall, where I might have made away with the bundle, but I did not, but however, after that I was searched; I was taken to the magistrate's, at Hatton Garden, I believe, but before we went into court, they proposed to me to enter on board some of his majesty's ships, or to go for a soldier, andI absolutely must confess, that I was willing; they told me there was no fear if I was agreeable to do that; I told them it was not for fear of guilt, but for fear of being in a prison. I told them I was willing to go, and in any corps that they might think proper, but when I came to have the examination I was denied that.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 37.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
