





110. 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     DEMPSEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Goodwin
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of six in the night of the 17th of December
, with intent his goods and chattels to steal, take, and carry away; and burglariously stealing a blue beaver hat, a black silk bonnet, two black silk cloaks, two straw hats, a pair of stays, and an iron ring with nine keys, the property of 
                     
                        Joseph
                         Burt
                     



                  , she said 
                     
                        Joseph
                         Burt
                     



                  , and others of the family, being in the dwelling-house
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   BURT
               



             sworn. - I am a dealer in tobacco and snuff
: I missed the things mentioned in the indictment, on the 17th of December, about half after six o'clock in the evening, they were in a box on the left-hand side of the entrance of the shop; I saw it when I went into the parlour a very few minutes before; the watchman came and informed us that the door was open, it had a spring-lock, and I had pushed it to when I went into the parlour, this was on the Saturday evening; the next day, my landlord mentioned to a neighbour that I had been robbed, and he was informed that a box had been found on a dunghill, in Kelmell-buildings, I went the next day and enquired for a coachman, who, I understood, had the keys, and he had given them to the constable, and informed me who had got my box; I went to Marlborough-street and got a warrant, and took up 
               
                  Sarah
                   Buck
               



            , the box was found in her lodgings; the woman was examined, and acquitted; and the Justices gave me the box, and one of the hats and the keys, which had been found with the box. After that, I was advised to enquire at the pawnbroker's after the things, and I found the stays, and one of the black silk cloaks, pawned at Mr. Mulcaster's, in Chandless-street, Grosvenor-square; and I found a muslin apron, and a blue handkerchief that had been given to a little girl about fourteen or fifteen years of age, that lives by the Middlesex-hospital, I found them at her mother's house.


                  ROBERT
                   HINKSMAN
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker in Broad-street, St. Giles's: On the 17th of December, in the evening, the prisoner offered this cloak to pledge, and I stopped it; he went to fetch the young woman it belonged to, and never returned; and in a few days after the prosecutor claimed it.

Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the lad? - A. Yes.


                  EDWARD
                   MULCASTER
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker: On the 17th of December, the prisoner pledged a pair of stays with me for five shillings, I delivered them up; I cannot swear to them since they have been out of my possession. (The property was deposed to by the prosecutor).
Prisoner's defence. I was sitting in a public-house, and a boy offered me a shilling to pledge these things for him, and I thought I would earn a shilling.




               GUILTY of stealing the goods to the value of 39s. but not guilty of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before The LORD CHIEF BARON.
