





228. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     SLADE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of January
, one pair of silk stockings, value 5s. one pair of worsted stockings, value 8s. three silver tea spoons, value 6s. three linen sheets, value 10s. three cotton gowns, value 17s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Walker
                  




               
            .


                  ANN
                   WALKER
               



             sworn.
Q. Are you the wife of William Walker? - Yes.
Q. Did you lose the articles in this indictment? - Yes.
Q. Are you a housekeeper? - Yes, in Denmark-street, St. George's in the East


.
Q. Was the prisoner a servant of your's? - No, an entire stranger; she went through my premises and went up stairs to my room; 
               
                  Mary
                   Nightly
               



             came down to me, and told me that a woman had come out of my chamber with a bundle, on that I followed her out to the door, and she said, that is the woman.
Q. Did you see the things on her? - She had then thrown the things down into the next door.
Q. Did you see that? - No, I did not; I brought her back into the house again, and I see her thrown down the tea spoons on the ground, I picked them up immediately and knew them to be my own property; with that I see her hand in her pocket and I took it out, and took these silk stockings out of her pocket; I then see her wrapping up something in a rag in her hand, and I insisted on seeing what it was, and there were five keys in it, pick lock keys which did not belong to me; I see her after that take another key up.
Q. Did you find any thing else? - Yes, the three sheets, the three gowns, and the worsted stockings I found in the next door entry.
Q. Was that the door that she past? - I took upon it that she went out of my house into that, in the situation I see her, she was coming out of that door.
Q. What have you done with the things? have you kept them ever since? - No, they have been in the constable's possession, sealed up at the justice's.


                  MARY
                   NIGHTLY
               



             sworn.
I am a lodger in Mrs. Walker's house.
Q. Did you see the prisoner in the house of Mrs. Walker? - Yes, I seeher on the landing place of the one pair of stairs, I did not see her in the room, but I suppose she came out of the room; she had something in her apron, a bundle. I called to Mrs. Walker to tell her, and I went to the door, and she went out of the street door after her and found her coming out of the next passage, and in the passage I picked up three gowns, three sheets, and a pair of worsted stockings, and brought them in to Mrs. Walker.
Q. Did you see the other things taken from her? - I see the worsted stockings taken out of her pocket, and I see the keys taken from her; I see the spoons after they were picked up, but I did not see them drop.
Q. Were the things delivered to the constable? - Yes, I delivered the gowns, worsted stockings, and sheets, with my own hands.


                  JOSEPH
                   HASSITER
               



             sworn.
I am a parish officer. On the 3d of January, these things were delivered to me by this woman, three gowns, three sheets, and a pair of stockings; I have kept them till now.
Q. To Prosecutor. Were all these things in one room? - Yes, the sheets were on the bed in the morning, two of them, the spoons were in a drawer, they have on them, the gift of a friend.
Q. You know the property, I suppose? - Yes.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say, I have two small children, and I beg for mercy; I was rather in liquor.




               GUILTY
            . (Aged 39.)
Recommended by the jury and prosecutor.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
