





295. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TERRY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of April
, a pair of mens leather shoes, value 3s. 6d. a pair of mens leather half boots, value 16s. a pair of laced half boots, value 9s. a pair of womens leather shoes, value 3s. ten pair of upper leathers for shoes, value 10s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Murray
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .(The case opened by Mr. Cullen.)


                  GEORGE
                   MURRAY
               



             sworn.
I live No. 3, Bishopsgate-street


. On Thursday, the 23d day of April, I had been out, and when I came home I was informed that the prisoner at the bar, my weekly servant
, had about an hour before pawned a pair of shoes. He had lived with me about two years and a quarter. The pawnbroker brought the shoes up.
Q. You found him in charge of a constable? - Yes, and I said to Mr. Terry, we will go to your lodgings. The officer went with me and the prisoner.
Q. Did you go the same afternoon? - Yes, directly. In looking about the room, in a little closet, I found a pair of men's half boots; I said, Mr. Terry, did you take them for your wear? - he endeavoured to make some apology, that I had some time before promised him a pair of shoes. In looking again into the same closet, I found another pair of half boots that laced; the prisoner's wife opened the drawers, to shew us what we pleased to look at; among the rest was a pair of womens shoes, in the indictment, which the prisoner's wife said, she brought with her cut of the country some time before.
Q. Was that in the hearing of the prisoner? - Yes; in examining these shoes, I saw the customer's name that they were made for, of the name of Turnbull, and I know the shoes likewise. In some other part of the room, I believe the officer opened a little bag, which contained some upper leathers of mine, some of them marked. The constable has had the property ever since. He first said, that some of the leather was his, but when I came to look at them he confessed.
Mr. Knapp. Before any conversation took place on this business, had you held out any hopes to him? - No.
Q. Had you threatened him? - No.
Q. Did you tell him it should be better for him? - No.
Q. Did you tell him he should not be taken in custody? - He was already in custody. The first thing that passed was, his telling me that I had promissed him a pair of shoes; and when I looked over the leather, when I came to some part of the skin that was marked, he said, I am very sorry; and his wife said, she was sorry to say that I had not one honest servant about me, for they all robbed me; he said he had not robbed me more than the rest. He acknowledged he had took all the articles. I said to him, if there is one article that is not mine, be cautious what you say, and don't let me take it; he acknowledged they were all mine.

Mr. Knapp. Have you any journeymen? - Yes.
Q. Do you mean to swear that your journeymen don't work for you out of hours at home, and bring the goods back again the next morning? - No, it is not the practice of my shop.
Q. If this man without your knowledge worked out of doors, you did not know it? - Certainly not.
Q. Was there a person of the name of Greenwood lived with you? - Yes.
Q.Does he live with you now? - No.
Q. Is he here to day? - Not that I know of.
Q. How long has he ceased to live with you? - Since this affair my mind was not easy, on account of the prisoner charging him with robbing me likewise. I went to his apartment to satisfy myself, and I see nothing in his apartment.
Q. In consequence of that information you certainly did turn Greenaway away? - I did. I found that they were both going to quit my service, and set up in the trade for themselves.


                  EDWARD
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, apprentice to Mr. 
               
                  Alexander
                   Purse
               



            .
Q. Do you know the name of the prisoner at the bar? - Yes; he came on the 23d of April, about two or half after two o'clock, and pawned a pair of mens shoes with me for two shillings, in the name of Smith. He came into the box and asked half a crown on them, and I gave him two shillings, and I wrote a ticket for them; and about two o'clock in the afternoon, my master sent me with two pair of shoes to Mr. Murray's shop, and when I came in there I see the prisoner at the bar, and I came home and acquainted my master of it, and my master went with me to Mr. Murray's shop, and sent me for a constable, and I fetched a constable, and then my master sent me home.
Q. Where is the pair of shoes that he pawned? - The constable has got them. I delivered them to my master, and there I left them.


                  ALEXANDER
                   PURSE
               



             sworn.
Q. You are a pawnbroker in London-wall.
Q. Did that boy deliver a pair of shoes to you? - Yes.
Q. Did you go to Mr. Murray's in consequence of what the boy told you? - Yes. Mr. Murray was not then at home, I sent my boy for a constable, and took the man into custody, and the prisoner at the bar owned and confessed that he took the shoes from Mr. Murray's shop. Mr. Murray came home and I shewed him the shoes, and he said they were his property. I accompanied the constable to a house in old Bedlam, and we went into a room there, where his wife was making of shoes, and Mr. Murray found several things of his own on the premises; he found some shoes, boots, and leather.
Q. Did you hear the prisoner give any account, how he came by these things, that Mr. Murray found? - I did not.
Mr. Knapp. You said the prisoner confessed; before the prisoner confessed was any thing said to induce him to confess? - It came voluntarily from himself. I asked him myself where did he take these pair of shoes from, and he pointed me to the place.
Q. Did you tell him it would be better for him? - I did not. I told him I would send for a constable to take him to the counter, because I supposed he had stole this pair of shoes.
Q. Did you tell him that if he did not tell you whether he stole them or not, you would send for a constable? - I didnot tell him that. I had sent for a constable before that.
Q. Did he know it? - Yes, he did.
Q. Now, after you had sent for a constable, did you threaten him or tell him it would be better for him to confess? - No, I did not.


                  THOMAS
                   GRIMES
               



             sworn.
I am a constable.
Q. Did you take the prisoner into custody? - Yes, by order of Mr. Purse. When I had him in custody in Mr. Murray's shop, Mr. Murray came in, and Mr. Purse informed him that he had had a pair of shoes pawned at his house, and he suspected they were stolen. I asked the prisoner whether he lived in the house? he said he did Mr. Murray says, I am over-run with thieves, I have found one out. Mr. Murray and Mr. Purse consulted together, and asked him if he was willing for us to go and search his lodgings? he said, yes, by all means. Accordingly, we went and searched his lodgings, and we found the contents of this bag all but one pair of shoes. (The property produced.) He first of all said, they were his own property; but Mr. Murray seeing his own private mark on them, he could not deny but that they were his master's.
- TURNBULL sworn.
This one pair of shoes I can swear to, having my hand writing on them.
Mr. Knapp. Had you ever seen these shoes before that you produce? - No, never before the 23d of April.
Q. You have a great many pair of shoes pawned with you in the course of a years? - Yes, I have.
Q. These shoes that were pawned with you, did you give them to the constable, or bring them here yourself? - I gave them to the constable.
The prisoner called five witnesses who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY, 
Of stealing to the value of 39s
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the third London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
