







2l. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JACKSON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  ANTHONY 
                  CHANDLER
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing eleven Russia, sheets, value 4l. 11s. two linen sheets, value 1l. 1s. One linen gown, value 1s. one linen shift, value 6d. a dimity petticoat, value 5s. fourteen damask table cloths, value 6l. 19s. 6d. two damask napkins, value 2s. five D'Oyle's, value 2s. 6d. two silk handkerchiefs, value 2s. a pair of paste buckles, set in silver, value 5l. 5s. a telescope, value 1l. 11s. 6d. and 5l. in monies, numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Wilson
                        




                     
                  , being in a warehouse adjoining to a wharf
            , Nov. 21st
.
The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoners.[The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.]


                  THOMAS
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I am a wharfinger
, and have a warehouse at Brook's wharf, in the parish of St. Michael


: On the 21st of November, about five o'clock in the morning, I was alarmed that the warehouse was broke open; I found the door wrenched open, a double padlock and the stock lock taken off; it is situated on the wharf; first of all I went into the counting house, which leads into the warehouse, within the warehouse door, there I found the counting-house desks broke open, and two bookcases; two covers were taken out of my desk, and a telescope and some money out of a desk in the care of my son; I went back into the warehouse and found two or three boxes broke open, and one trunk; I did not know the contents of them till I saw some linen which was left in the trunk; a great quantity had been taken away; it was addressed to Colonel Cameron; it was sent in a box from Oxford, and was lest till I received an order to deliver it; I observed some blood upon the linen lest in the trunk; I have a piece of it here; it had all been tumbled about in the trunk; there were a pair of paste buckles, set in silver, and two watch glasses which were broke in pieces; hearing some linen had been picked up near the Barley-mow, I went and saw it at the watch-house.
Q. How far is the Barley-mow from your premisics? - A. About 100 yards.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. The trunk was deposited in your care for Colonel Camerom, and came from Oxford? - A. Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            Colonel Cameron is not here? - A. No, his lady is.


                  Q. 
               


            You don't know any thing of these things yourself? - A. No.


                  JOSEPH
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
Q. How old are you? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            Fourteen last April.
The evening before my father's warehouse was broke open there was about 5l. lest in my desk; there was a sixpence I should know again; I had had it two months, except a fortnight it had been in the possession of Mrs. Lovel; I saw it there over night.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. 
               
                  Q. 
               


            How many other sixpences had you among this money? - A. I cannot say.


                  Q. 
               


            Mrs. Lovel had it a fortnight? - A. Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            What she did with it you don't know? - A. No.
JOSEPH WILLOUGHBY sworn.
I am keeper of the watch-house: On Saturday morning, the 21st of November, about five o'clock, in consequence of an information front the patrole, I went to Thames-street, and just by the Barley-mow door I found two bundles of linen.
Q. How far is that from Mr. Wilson's warehouse? - A. As far as from here to the bottom of the Old Bailey, or not quite so far; I cannot say exactly; one of the bundles was tied up in a sheet, and the other in a table cloth; we took them to the watch-house, and went back again; at the back of the Barleymow, in a lane that goes to Labour-in-Vainhill, we found a sheet and two table cloths lying loose on the ground, and this iron crow(producing it) lying by them; we took them to the watch-house; they have been in my custody ever since; the two bundles were close to the front door; the others close to the back door; as soon as the Barley-mow was open I went in, and observed Jackson in the Barley mow; he had called for some purl and gin; I asked him what his name was, he told me his name was Thomas Jackson (I should have mentioned before, that when I came to the watch-house; I observed several of the sheets and cloths stained with blood; it appeared to me to be fresh); I asked Jackson where he lived; he came a false direction; hesaid he lived at No. 1, Green-arbour-court, Dowgate-hill; I went and enquired, and there were no lodgers in the house; I took him into custody immediately; in consequence of the linen being bloody, I asked him to let me look at his hand; he told me he would see me damned first, or any bloody constable like me; I did not look at his hand; he said if he must go to the Compter he would have some purl and gin before he went; he took the purl in his left hand to drink, and I observed some blood on his little finger; he said he had cut his finger, and, damn me, what was that to me; he said to the landlord, I am going to the Compter, I may be robbed by some damned rascal of a constable, I will give you what money I have, and he gave him 2l. 9s. 6d. I received it from Mr. Curtis, at the Barley-mow (producing it); I can swear this is the money I received from him.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. 
               
                  Q. 
               


            Had you any warrant at this time? - A. No.


                  Q. 
               


            Whether the blood on his finger was wet or dry, you don't know? - A. No, he had been standing a long time by the fire.
Q. The 2l. 9s. 6d. he gave to Curtis? - A. Yes; he put it in his breeches-pocket, and said he had no other money there.


                  Q. 
               


            Where is the Barley-mow? - A. In Thames-street, almost opposite Mr. Crawshaw's yard; when I went to Mr. Wilson's wharf, I found every strain in the warehouse door, in the counting-house door, and the desks, corresponded with this crow.
JOSEPH GORRINGE sworn.
I am a patrole; Going round on my duty, a little before five o'clock, I picked up these two bundles of linen, about twenty yards from the Barley-mow, the side nearest Mr. Wilson's; I went to the watch-house and informed Mr. Willoughby, the officer of the night; we came back, and found at the back door two table cloths, and a sheet, and an iron crow, near the Barley-mow door; they were taken to the watch-house; Willoughby has had them in his possession; we sent two watchmen to take care of the back door of the Barley-mow till the house was opened; then Willoughby and I went in, and found Jackson in the public house; this was about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes before six o'clock; he was drinking some purl; Willoughby challenged him, and rubbed him down his pockets to see if he had any thing in them; he had nothing but a pen-knife.


                  NATHAN
                   CURTIS
               



             sworn.
I am the landlord of the Barley-mow public-house; the prisoners both used my house; they were both there on the evening before Mr. Wilson's warehouse was broke open; I cannot recollect the time they came; I believe it was before ten; they went away a little before twelve; there were more people in company with them; they went away at the same time, and another person with them.
Q. How far is your house from Mr. Wilson's warehouse? - A I cannot justly say; it is above one hundred yards, I suppose: they both called me, up; I cannot say th hour; I went down, Jackson said his wife was ill, and desired I would let him have some gin; I think that was nearly about two o'clock.
Q. Was the third person in company with them then, or were they alone? - A. The third person was not with them.
Q. Did you know where they lived? - A. No; I let them have some gin, and they went out of my house directly; about twenty minutes before six Jackson came in again, at the front door, and asked for some purl; before I had lighted the fire to heat the purl, the watchman came in, and began to speak to him; they asked who he was, and fest down his cloaths; I was about my business, and did not attend much to what passed; he was taken into custody before he went out of the house; I received 2l. 9s. 6d. of him; I put it in my right-hand breeches-pocket; I had nothing in that pocket before but a bad sixpence, and that was done up in paper, and not mixed with the money Jackson gave me; I gave the money I received of him to Willoughby; before I delivered it, Mr. Wilson's son desired to see it.
Mr. Knapp. - Q. All you mean to say is, you delivered the amount of the sum you received from Jackson to Willoughby? - A. Yes.
Q. You don't know any thing of the money itself? - A. No.
Mr. Knowlys. - Q. Did you deliver to the officer precisely the same money Jackson delivered to you? - A. Yes; the money was told into my hand.
Court. What, was the money told into your hands? - A. Two guineas, and the rest in silver.



                  Q. 
               


            (To Mr. Wilson, jun.) Do you know any part of that money? - A. Yes, the sixpence; I saw the money in the hands of the landlord; the sixpence was among it then.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. - Q. Is there any mark besides its being an old sixpence, and battered, by which you can swear to it? - A. Not that I know of; it is a very remarkable sixpence; it is battered and beat about.
Q. Did you never see a sixpence besides this that was beat and battered? - A. No, not as that is.
Mr. Knowlys. - Q. You take upon you to swear to the identity of that sixpence? - A. Yes.
Q. Could you pick it out from any other money? - A. Yes; I picked it out at the Lord Mayor's.
Mr. Knapp. - Q. Did you pick it out from many other sixpences? - A. Yes.
Q. Were there any of the others battered? - A. Yes.
Court. - Q. How came it out of your possession a fortnight? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            Mrs. Lovel said she would endeavour to pass it for me.


                  ANN
                   LOVEL
               



             sworn.
Q. Look at that money (shewing her some silver), and tell me if there is any piece that you know? - A. I know that(picking out the sixpence) perfectly well; I took it of Mr. Wilson's son, for fruit; I looked at it, it was very black, I did not like it; I said you will know it again, and put it in my pocket; I had it a fortnight; I had passed it, but it came back, and I returned it to him, and he gave me another for it; I am sure it is the same sixpence.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. - 
               
                  Q. 
               


            When you received it, where did you put it? - A. In my pocket-apron, among my other silver.


                  Q. 
               


            Notwithstanding it has been mixed with your other silver, and out of your possession, and returned, will you undertake to swear to it? - A. Yes; I know it perfectly well; it was out of my possession about a day.


                  ALICIA
                   CAMERON
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of Colonel Cameron: a trunk, containing linen, was sent up with the baggage to Mr. Wilson's whars; they were sent from Wakefield to Oxford, and from Oxford by water; I was at the packing up of the box.
The various articles were sworn to Mrs. Cameron, who deposed to them from the darnings, hemmings, and intials, upon them.
On her cross-examination she said, that they had lain in the trunk many years; but she had often seen them in the trunk; that she was present at the packing up of the box; that it was put in clean; that there are some things missing; but she is certain it is the trunk.
Jackson's defence. - I got up a little before six that morning, which I do in general, to go to work; I went to this public-house, and called for a pennyworth of purl; Willoughby came in, and said a warehouse had been broke open; he searched me, but found nothing upon me; they went away, and then came back and took me; I know nothing of it.
Chandler's defence. - I went from the public-house home to bed; I know nothing of it.
One of the Jury to Willoughby. - Q. You saw Jackson in the public-house, and you went away and left him there? - A. Yes; I was gone about fifteen minutes, and I found him there when I returned.(The prisoner, Jackson, called Job Turner, Hannab Swist, and 
               
                  Mary
                   Barker
               



            , who had known him a great number of years, and gave him a good character).
Jackson, GUILTY,
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not in the warehouse adjoining to the wharf
            .
Chandler, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.





[Transportation. See summary.]


