






580. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WILEY
               




             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Phillips
                     




                  , on the 28th of September
, and feloniously stealing therein, half a pound weight of cocoa, value 1s. 3d.
             the goods of the said Samuel Phillips.


                  SAMUEL
                   PHILLIPS
               



             sworn.
Q. Are you a house-keeper? - Yes.
Q. Where? - In the New-road, St. George's, Middlesex


, near Ratclisse-highway.
Q. In what manner was you robbed? - On Sunday evening, the 28th of September, about four o'clock in the afternoon, me and my wife went out.
Q. Did you take any body with you? - No, only me and my wife; we returned home a little after eight o'clock.
Q. How were the windows? - They were all shut up, and the doors.
Q. Was it light or dark when you returned home? - It was quite dark; I found the doors just the same as I left them.
Q. Did you find any violence after you came home? - After we had been home, we thought we heard some body in the shop; we were sitting in the parlour, by the fire; the shop and parlour is all on one floor.
Q. When you came in you shut the door after you; you saw the house was shut up? - Yes; there was a light in the room but not in the shop; and when I heard a noise in the shop, I saw the prisoner at the bar in the shop.
Q. How could you see him in the shop? - Through the sash of the door; when I saw him I got up from the chair and pursued him; I suppose he heard me get up from the chair; I went to the shop door and see a man with his back towards the house, in the street, against the wall; then I went to him, and I said, my lad, what business had you in the shop? he said, he had not been in my shop, he did not know where my shop was; so I went and put my hand into his coat pocket, and forbid him to move from where he was standing; he then made a jump and dropped the cocoa, and ran away.
Q. Did you see the cocoa drop? - Yes, I see it drop; with that I picked up one of the parcels and pursued him.
Q. Did you see both of them drop? - Yes, I saw both of them drop; so I pursued him, and took him about a hundred yards from my shop, when I took him I charged an officer with him.
Q. Had you kept the cocoa from that time to this? - Yes.
Q. How do you know that to be your cocoa? - I believe it to be mine; I had only two parcels in the shop window.
Q. How were these two parcels in the shop window, were they papered? - Yes.
Q. Was this the same sort of paper? - Yes.
Q. Was there any writing on the paper? - Yes.
Q. Can you swear to the writing? Was there any writing of your's? - No, but I know the night before I left it there, and put it up myself in the window, and this is the same writing.
Q. Can you form any judgment how he got in? - No, I cannot form any idea of it.
Q. Did you leave your door? - I latched the door after me.
Q. Are you quite sure? - Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            Quite fare that it was locked? - No, the lock did not catch, but I am sure it was latched.
Q. Did you latch it yourself? - Yes.
Q. What is the value of this cocoa? - Fifteen-pence.
Court to the Prisoner. Have you any question that you wish to have put to this witness,? - No, none at all.

Q. Did you ever see this boy before? - No, I never see him before I saw him in my shop.
Q. Where is this cocoa? produce it.(The cocoa shewn.) Did you find it in the same state by the prisoner? - Yes.
Q. The jury must see it. (Shewn to the jury.)
Q. Was there any thing else missing? - No.
Jury. Is there any body to his character? - No.
Court. Now is your time to make your defence.
Prisoner. I was walking down that street that night, and a man run up against me, and I picked up them bundles, he was going to strike me; I had one of them bundles in my hand, I dropped it and run away from him; I have no witness to my character; my mother has been here all day, but she is gone home now.
Court to Phillips. Was he ever out of your sight? - He was a little time, but not long.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing, but not breaking open the house. (Aged 12.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
