






166. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  BARRETT
               




             was indicted 


               for wilful and corrupt perjury
            .
The record read of the trial and acquittal of Kerr and Ruggles.
MANOAH SIBLY sworn.
Q. Are you the short hand writer to the sessions? - I am.
Q. Was you short hand writer in September session last? - I was.
Q. You remember the trial of John Kerr and John Ruggles, for a felony? - Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            Was Edward Barrett, the prisoner at the bar, sworn on that occasion? - He was.
Q. Have you the original notes you took at that trial? - I have.
Q. You will be so good as to read them? - I presume you mean only the assignments.


                  Q. 
               


            Is his evidence long? - Yes, it is very long.
Q. Then you only need read the assignments, and to introduce them.
Reads.
"
               
                  EDWARD
                   BARRETT
               



             sworn.
"Q. How long have you been in the seafaring line
? - Ever since nine years old.
"Q. In June last were you at Deal? - I was discharged from the Hospital at Deal, they robbed me of my discharge; I came from Deal to London; I was met by an old woman on London Bridge, and I said I would give her a pint of beer to get me a night's lodging; she brought me up to a public house there somewhere over London Bridge.
"Q. How far was it from London Bridge? - A good way.
"
               
                  Q. 
               


            How long was it after you saw the old woman before she brought you to a house? - About an hour.
"
               
                  Q. 
               


            Did you walk to that public house? - I did.
"Q. How far did you walk with the old woman after you met her? - A little way; I was only a little while in going, but I don't know the place, because I am a stranger here; when we got into the public house I looked about to give her a pint of beer, and she was off.
"Q. Do you know where this public house is situated? - I don't know, it was in the dark, and I was a stranger.
"Q. What happened to you there? - There was a very good entertainment, there was one captain said he was from Barbadoes, another from Jamaica, and another from Martinique, and some from St. Le Terre, which I took last war; and when I got in, one of them said, will you have a glass of wine? and I said, I will have a pint of porter, I am tired of wine, and one of these captains said, will you sleep along with my mate? and I walked to bed, and this pretended mate got up and shewed me into the room to bed (I know him very well if I was to see him.) I says to him, why don't you shew me the light? and as soon as they got me inside they locked the door on me, and it was all dark, and there were three bars at the windows; I was used very cruel, I saw the bar at the window in the morning and four or five padlocks on the door; that was a pity! I heard them open three or four of them in the morning. I will fight for my king and country while I am able.
"
               
                  Q. 
               


            Did you sleep there all night? - I did not sleep a wink. The next morning there was one of the jail-keepers came up and opened the door, and asked me how I found myself? I asked for God's sake, for some drink, for some ale; he said he would give me some directly; and he kept me there till it was dark night.
"
               
                  Q. 
               


            Then you staid there all thetime? - I did. The next night they transported me to this place in Whitcomb- street; they came and threw me into a coach.
"
               
                  Q. 
               


            After you was put into the coach how long were you in the coach before you got to Whitcomb-street? - A good while, half an hour or an hour, I believe it was; in about half an hour I arrived at Whitcomb-street, and when I got into the house I began to fight in the house before I would go up stairs; they wanted me to go up stairs; why should I be kidnapped in that manner? and when I shoved one of them from me, there was a rope slung about my neck, threw down stairs, and I catched it, as God happened, in my left hand here, and they dragged me up stairs by it; then when they dragged me up stairs they got about and stripped me start naked, and them two men were holding me, and the rest were stripping me; one of them was an agent in my time, and the other was the landlord of the house; they were two wicked ones. Was it not a shame, gentlemen, to serve me so? They took away my property, they took my watch and my clothes, three silk handkerchiefs, two pair of silk and cotton stockings, two cotton shirts, and my pumps all that I had.
"Q. How long did you stay in this house in Whitcomb street? - A fortnight, locked up and to with bread and cold water.
"Q. Were you locked up in that room all the time? - I was, in the back part of the house up stairs.
"Q. And you never was permitted to go down stairs? - No, never.
"Q. You said that you never was out of the kidnapping house from the time that you came in it, till the time they put you in the coach to carry you to Banbury? - Never.
"Q. During the time you were in this room, was any body permitted to come in the room with you? - No, nobody but that jailer, and he left a pot of water with me and a bit of foul bread.
"Q. So you was in this room for a fortnight and nothing to live upon hue bread and water; saw nobody hardly during that time? - No, only the turnkey.
"Q. Look towards the bench, and see if you recollect the face of any person that sits there just by my lord. (Justice Kirby) - No, I never see the man in my life.
"Q. You never went before any magistrate to be attested, in your sober senses? - Never in my days."
Mr. Knapp. It is possible to make a mistake in the hurry of a trial such as this was? - It is possible to mistake a word, but at this time I was desired to be particular in taking the evidence.
Mr. Knowlys. Though it is possible to make a mistake in a word yet are you certain that what you have read is the substance and sense of what he swore? - Most certainly it is.


                  JOHN
                   KERR
               



             sworn.
Q. Did you keep house in Whitcomb-street at the time you was changed with the offence of robbing this man? - I did.
Q. I believe you was tried for that offence, and acquitted? - I was.
Q. Do you remember that man coming to your house? - I remember this man coming in an hackney coach with a recruiting serjeant, one Higginbottom, the latter end of June or beginning of July.
Q. Are you yourself at all in the recruiting business, or derive any profit from recruiting? - None whatever, nor ever did.


                  Q. 
               


            Were you present when this hackney coach came to the door? - I was in the tap room.
Q. Do you know whether any body came with this man besides serjeant Higginbottom? - Only this man and another recruit.
Q. How long did this man stay at your house? - Near a fortnight, or some where thereabouts. He came quietly to the house, and sat down in the tap room and they had two or three pots of beer, he came there in a red jacket and white trowsers; a red regimental jacket. When the surgeon came he went up stairs and was examined, and then joined the rest of the recruits in a large room that is appropriated for their use, that they might be by themselves.
Q. How did he go up to this room? - He followed the doctor very quietly up stairs.
Q. Had he a rope round his neck, or any violence used to make him go up stairs? - No, no such thing ever happened in my house.
Q. During the fortnight he staid with you how was he dieted or fed? - We used to dress a joint every day for the recruits, and those that chose paid one shilling.
Q. Had this man the full liberty of eating and drinking as any person in the house might do? - Exactly so.
Q. And what was done with those that did not chuse to dine? - They sent out for meat for themselves, and dressed it as they pleased; they had a gridiron and other things proper in the room.


                  Q. 
               


            About his drink, what drink had he? - He was in the habit of drinking gin; I hardly recollect his drinking any other liquor; he used to come down fourteen or fifteen times a day and have pennyworths of gin at the bar.
Q. Are you sure, Mr. Kerr, on the oath you have taken, that he had the liberty of coming down stairs and drinking what liquor he pleased? - He had every day during the time he was in the house.
Q. Was he, or was he not confined to one room, and confined to the diet of bread and water? - He was not.
Q. Did he ever to you, Mr. Kerr, or to your hearing and knowledge, complain of being locked up and confined, or complain of being prohibited of any thing but bread and water? - I never heard of such a complaint.
Q. Did he ever, while he was in your house, complain of ever being robbed or beaten? - I never heard of such a complaint as that.
Q. On the oath you have taken, Mr. Kerr, was he ever robbed of any thing in your house, to your knowledge, or in your presence? - Not that I know of, and I firmly believe he was never.
Q. Did Ruggles in your presence ever confine him, or beat him, or rob him of any thing? - I never heard that he did.
Q. Did he ever do it in your presence? - He never did.
Q. Did you ever rob him of any thing, of assist in confining him? - Never, I had nothing to do with the recruiting business at all.
Mr. Knapp. You told my learned friend that you had nothing to do with the recruiting business, derive no profit from it at all, but of course the more recruits you get in the house the more profit, as to the profit of the liquor? - Certainly.
Q. You was indicted and tried in September last, and acquitted? - I was.


                  Q. 
               


            And now you are a witness to convict him at the bar for perjury? - Yes.
Q. Your house was a receptable for recruits? - It was.
Q. And a place set apart where these recruits were to be taken? - A room appropriated for their use.

Q. My learned friend asked you whether he ever made any complaint of being robbed or beaten in your house? you heard he made that complaint at Banbury? - I understood he did.
Mr. Knowlys. I ask you, on the oath you have taken, was there a word of truth in that complaint? - Not a single word.
Court. Was this man at all stripped naked when they took him up in the ordinary way? - I cannot say what they did with him there, he was not in my presence.
Q. Was any watch taken from him? - Not that ever I heard of.
Q. Clothes? - Not that I ever heard of.
Q. Money? - Not that I ever heard of.
Q. Handkerchiefs? - Not that I ever heard of; I never heard of any thing being taken from him till I came to Bow-street, three weeks or a month after he left my house.
Q. The surgeon when he comes he always examines to see that they are found in their limbs? - I understand they always do.


                  JOHN
                   RUGGLES
               



             sworn.
I am an army agent; at the time this transaction took place I was clerk to the army agent.
Q. Do you know the man at the bar? - Perfectly well.
Q. I believe he indicted you for robbing him last September? - He did.
Q. You were bailed, afterwards tried here, and acquitted? - I was.


                  Q. 
               


            Were you present in the house at Whitcomb-street, when he first came there? - Yes, I was present in the house, I see him come into the house and sit down in the tap with the serjeant.
Q. Did he come in voluntarily or was he brought by force? - I heard him make no complaint, he came in as a volunteer.
Q. How long did he remain in the tap room? - Till such time as the surgeon came to examine the men; he was brought in about twelve o'clock in the forenoon, and the surgeon and adjutant always attends at two o'clock regularly. I did not see him go up stairs immediately because I was in the room, he came into the room and pulled off his clothes and was examined by the surgeon.
Q. Was there any violence used to him on that occasion? - None at all; the clothes he pulled off were regimentals, the serjeant took them back again for they were his property; they were Sir 
               
                  Thomas
                   Dunlap
               



            's cloathing, red jacket, white waistcoat and breeches, but Colonel Robinson, in whose corpse he was enlisted, was blue cloathing.
Q. Did you see him while he was in that house frequently? - I saw him every day, I always see them every day to give them their pay.
Q. What pay do you give them? - Sixpence per day.
Q. Do you know what bounty money he had? - Five guineas; two guineas before he was attested, and three guineas after he was attested.


                  Q. 
               


            How long was it before he was attested after the two guineas were paid him? - It was paid him the next morning after he was approved of by the surgeon as a fit man.
Q. Now in what part of the house did you see him during the time he was there? - In all parts of the house.
Q. Was he then, on the oath you have taken, confined to any one room of the house, or locked up in any one room of the house? - Certainly not, he would have been out every day with the party, with the drums and fifes, but he was generally intoxicated and could not go out.
Prisoner. I could not go out, I was a wounded man.
Mr. Knowlys. Had you any occasion to see him eat or drink the time he was in the house? - I see him drink frequently at the bar, I see him drink gin myself several times.
Q. Is that true that he was confined to live on bread and water? - He spent all his five guineas, while he was in the house he had every thing that he wished for.
Q. Did he ever make any complaint to you of his having been robbed in that house, either of clothes, watch, money, or any thing? - He never made any complaint at all.
Q. In your presence did Kerr, or any other persons, strip and rob him? - They could not strip and rob him, for he had no such property as he said he had lost, when he came into the house he had neither watch nor buckles, nothing but regimentals.
Q. Did you rob him of any thing? - Never in my life.
Q. Did you go with him to be attested? - No, I did not, Watson was the man that went with him to be attested.
Q. I ask you on the oath you have taken, was this man as free as others, or was he confined and robbed? - He was was not at all ill treated nor robbed.
Q. Did he ever make any complaint to your knowledge? - Never.
Q. Do you know what time it was he came into the house, what day of the month? - It was the latter end of June, or beginning of July, I cannot say which positively.
Q. How long after that time was it that any complaint was made against you or any application to a magistrate? - It was some time after he wen to Banbury, I believe about a month after he left the house; in short, I was not taken up as all, I went to vindicate Mr. Kerr's character, he was asked if he knew any man but Kerr, and he said then that I was one of them.
Mr. Knapp. You stated to us that you are an army agent; that is, in other terms, you are to collect as many recruits as you can, and bring them to Whitcomb-street? - No, they are brought there by the serjeant.


                  Q. 
               


            Of course, every word he gave on his trial was as false as possible, you was charged with a crime of a capital nature, and acquitted? - Yes.
Q. And the evidence that sounded that accusation against you was as false as that you say now is true? - Barrett's evidence is false.
Q. He had no watch about him or buckles? - He had nothing when he came into the house.
Q. There were no recruits in the house all confined to one room? - No, they were not confined.
Q. All in one room? - No, in different parts of the house.
Q. Then there was not a room set apart for recruits? - Not a room particularly set apart, they had the liberty of the whole house; the dining room was set apart particularly for their use.
Q. Do they go up stairs, or do they not, when they come in? Is there a room set apart merely for the recruits, or is the whole house free for them to use? - It is.
Q. He came in a volunteer, nobody with him? - The serjeant came in with him.
Q. He came guarded with a serjeant? - He would not have known where to come to if the serjeant had not come with him; he came in with the serjeant as all other recruits did, to be examined by the surgeon and adjutant.
Mr. Knowlys. There was a roommore paticularly set apart for the recruits than for other people? - It was a very large room where they used to be in, but they had the liberty of every other part of the house.
Court. Was he at all dragged up stairs by a rope? - Not at all.


                  MARY
                   GARLAND
               



             sworn.
Q. Was you a servant in Mr. Kerr's house, Whitcomb-street? - Yes.
Q. Do you know the man at the bar? - Yes, very well.
Q. Do you remember his being there? - Yes, I remember the day he came, but I did not see him come in.


                  Q. 
               


            During the time he was there, what part of the house did you see him in? - He had the liberty of the house, the same as I had.
Q. What did he eat or drink while he was there? - He would not eat, he was mostly drinking gin.
Q. Was he prohibited from drinking spirits, if he was so inclined? - Sometimes he was, and begged to eat victuals.
Q. Why did they prohibit him from drinking spirits? - Because he drank too much liquor.
Q. Is it true that he was kept on bread and water? - Never.
Q. Was he at all confined in the house, or locked up from other people? - Never.
Q. Did you ever hear him complain of being robbed, or ill treated at all by any body? - I never did.
Q. Did you see him go up stairs when he went to the surgeon to be examined? - No.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you ever see him robbed or ill treated by any body? - Never.
Mr. Knapp. You were servant to Mr. Kerr at this time? - Yes.
Q. Have you the good fortune to be Mr. Kerr's servant now? - No, I am Mr. Hamlin's servant now.
Q. How long have you left Mr. Kerr? - Going on these five months.
Q. Have you often seen him since that? - Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            Frequently talked to him on this business? - No, never to me.
Q. Have you never had conversation on this business, frequently? - Only when I am wanted here.
Q. Then at the time you have been wanted here, have you not had conversations about it? You was not there the first day when he was brought in? - Yes, I was there, I was in the kitchen.
Q. So he would not eat? - No.
Q. Why he was pretty drunk all the time that you see him? - Yes, mostly.
Q. Generally drunk? - Yes, he was.


                  Q. 
               


            You was a witness on the last occasion here? - Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            You have been twice before the grand jury? - Yes.
Q. This is the second indictment preferred against the prisoner? - Yes.
ABRAHAM CHIPINGDALE sworn.
I am a carpenter.
Q. I believe you are father-in-law to Ruggles? - Yes.
Q. Were you often in Kerr's house, Whitcomb-street? - Yes, very frequently, two or three times a week, four or five times sometimes.
Q. Do you remember seeing that man there? - Yes.
Q. Was you there when he came into the house? - Yes, I see him and another recruit, and a recruiting serjeant, come in together.


                  Q. 
               


            Did he come in by force, or voluntarily? - He walked in the same as the rest; he asked for a noggin of whisky as soon as he came in. I went there to get my dinner, and I left him in the taproom; I went there the same evening, and I found him in the tap-room again, he had got some gin and water.
Q. Do you recollect the day? - It wasthe beginning of July, the first or second, or somewhere thereabouts.
Q. Did you see him more than that day? - Yes, I see him two or three days after that.


                  Q. 
               


            Where did you see him than? - In the tap room, I always see him there, except once I met him and another recruit at the street door, two or three days after he first came in.
Q. Was he to any thing that you could see or judge, as much at liberty as any other person in the house? - Just the same as any other recruit.
Q. How often might you see him in the fortnight? - I see him about four or five times that week; I do not recollect ever seeing him after.
Mr. Knapp. You tell us that you are Ruggles's father-in-law, and that you are a carpenter? - Yes.
Mr. Knowlys. Did you ever hear him the time you were there, make the least complaint of ill usage of any sort? - Never a word.
Mr. Knapp. Pray are you in the service at all? - Yes, I am in the recruiting line, but since then I have done with the came my business, I was lame.


                  Q. 
               


            Of course all the compalints made by the man, were false? - Yes, they were.
Q. You heard of Ruggles being tried? - Yes, I know it, but I did not hear the trial,
Court. Were you in the service before? - Yes, I have been in the light horse, but I left that about eight and twenty years ago.
Q. Then you observed the prisoner when he came in? - I remember him as well as I remember him now, for he was very much in liquor when he first came in.


                  JACOB
                   JOEL
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe you are a jew? - Yes.
Q. A dealer of clothes? - Yes.
Q. Do you know Barrett? - Yes, that is the man.
Q. Did you ever see Barrett, and have any dealings with him? - Never but once, at the Swan and Anchor, East Smithfield, Butcher-row.
Q. Was that a recruiting house? - Yes.
Q. How came you to see him there? - I was fetched there to buy some clothes, by the man of the house, Higginbottom. It was either the latter end of June or the beginning of July, I will not be certain which.
Q. Tell us what past between you and Barrett? - I came in there, and Barrett brings out a bundle from under the table.
Q. How was he dressed? - In a red jacket and trowsers, regimental uniforms; he asked me if I would buy them? there was a brown pea jacket, and a pursers shirt, a check shirt, and an old pair of shoes, and an old dark blue jack, such as sallors wear; he asked me half a guinea. for them; I told him I could not give half a guinea for them, there were only two articles I would take away with me; and I gave him six shillings and sixpence for them, and half a pint of gin, he would not let me have them without I gave him the half pint of gin.
Q. Did you observe whether he had any watch at that time? - He asked me if I would sell him one, if I would take the trouble of going with him to the other end of the town, he would pay me for it? I told him it was not worth my while to go with him; I did not sell him the watch.
Q. I believe you never see him in Whitcomn-street? - I never see him after, till I came here.
Mr. Knapp. You say that you never see him before? - Not before.
Q. Have you ever been a witness before? - Never before this and the last time of giving my evidence.


                  Q. 
               


            Were do you live? - In East Smithfield.
Q. Pretty near this place? - Within twenty or thirty yards.
Q. Whether this man had a watch or no you cannot say? - I cannot, but he asked me if I would sell him one.
Mr. Knowlys. My friend asked you whether you ever saw this man before. Had you an opportunity to observe his person? - I was in the room with him about an hour.
Q. Did you observe any other part of his dress? - He had on a red jacket, and a pair of muscato trowsers.
Q. Did you observe his shoes? - He had a pair of regimental shoes, and he offered the old ones.
Q. Had he buckles in them? - He had strings in them, and he was going to pull them out of the old one to put in the new ones; I told him he had no occasion to pull them out, they were not worth taking away, I left all but the jacket and shirt, they were not worth taking away.


                  JOHN
                   SHEPHERD
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe you are the person employed in the police office, Queen-square? - I am.
Q. Do you act as clerk there? - I do.
Q. Do you remember any person of the name of Barrett being brought to the office to be attested as a recruit? - I do.
Q. Did you make the entry yourself? - I did.
Q. When? - At the time. (Reads.) Edward Barrett brought by Watson, to serve Colonel 
               
                  Roberts
               


            .
Q. Was that person attested? - That Edward Barrett was attested, I believe it was by Mr. Serjeant Kirby.
Court. What is the date of it? - 7th of July. (The attestation shewn him.) There is part of my hand writing in this attestation, I did not witness it.


                  Q. 
               


            Was that person examined before the magistrate, before he took the oath? - Most undoubtedly.
Q. Was he a person as far as you could judge of his state of mind, intoxicated or not? - If a person is in liquor the magistrates in general send them back, and if I perceive it I always turn them back.(The attestation read.)
Court. Do you recollect the person of the man at all? - I have not the least doubt that he is the man, but I cannot swear positively, as far as my belief can go, I believe he is the man.
Mr. Knapp. You say as far as belief will go, you will swear to him; I suppose that there are a great number of recruits attested before Mr. Serjeant Kirby? - A great number.
Q. Do you mean to say that this man attracted your attention more than any other? - Yes, he talked very wild, telling a story about meeting some lady
Q. Did you believe him to be sober though he talked so wild? - Yes, I did.
Mr. SERJEANT KIRBY sworn.
Q. You are one of the magistrates attending the police office, Westminster? - I am.
Q. Do you recollect a person of the name of Barrett being brought before you to be attested? - No, I do not recollect him.


                  Q. 
               


            Be so good as to look at this attestation? - This is my attestation, and it does appear that such a man did come before me, and if he had had the least appearance of inebriety I should not have attested him.
Q. Are you able to form a judgment to a certainty, that you examined thisperson? - It is my constant practice, in order to prevent misrepresentation.
Q. Have you any recollection of the person of the man? - Not the least on earth; but I have great reason to believe this to be the man, there was a man according to my recollection, that I conceived was concealing the truth, and that he belonged to his majesty's navy; and if he did I certainly should not have sworn him in; therefore I examined him very strictly; and I remember a man's telling a story of his coming to town, his landing at Deal, his going into the Hospital for three days or thereabouts; I asked him how he got money to come to London? he told all that story when he came here at the last session; and there are a great number of the other circumstances that I do remember being related by a recruit that I did attest, and I do remember this circumstance to have happened but to one man.
Mr. Knapp addressed the jury on the part of the defendant.
Prisoner. I have been serving his majesty ever since I was seven years old, and for the honour of God send me back again.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 35.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
