





270. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COLE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of March
, twenty-five yards of Kidderminster carpet, value 37s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Pringle
                  




               
            .


                  ALEXANDER
                   PRINGLE
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 54, Rathbone-place


: I lost a piece of Kidderminster carpet containing twenty-five yards, on the 28th of March; I had lost several articles, and I determined to watch; about seven o'clock in the evening of that night, I was concealed in the shop, lying upon a sofa, for the purpose of watching; I saw the prisoner come in, he looked about him, and took a piece of carpeting out of the window, and went away with it; I pursued him, and he threw down the carpet, and ran away; I followed him till one of the witnesses stopped him, he was never out of my sight. I took him before a Magistrate.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. What time of the night was it? - A. About seven o'clock in the evening.
Q. It was dark? - A. No, not quite.
Q. There was light in the parlour? - A. There was a candle.
Q. The carpet was in the window, a good way from the parlour? - A. Somewhere about two feet.
Q. The candle did not reflect a great deal of light into the shop? - A. No.
Q. You could not distinguish the person of the man? - A. Yes, I could; I never lost sight of him.
Court. Q.Have you any doubt in the world of the person of the prisoner? - A. None.


                  GEORGE
                   JEFFERYS
               



             sworn. - On the 28th of March, I was going up Tottenham-court-road, and heard a cry of stop thief, I went up to assist, and stopped the prisoner.


                  JANE
                   GUTHRIE
               



             sworn. - I saw the prisoner go into the prosecutor's shop; I am sure he is the same man; I did not see him come out again. I picked up the carpet. (The carpeting produced).
Court. (To Prosecutor.) Q. Is that Kidderminster carpeting? - A. Yes. 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Lord KENYON.
