





306. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MOORE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of April
, one cloth great coat, value 15s. a check handkerchief, value 6d. a silver watch, value 40s. a steel chain, value 6d. a steel seal, value 6d. and two metal keys, value 2d.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Pembry
               




            .


                  JOHN
                   PEMBARY
               



             sworn. - I live at Paddington


: Last Tuesday morning, about six o'clock, I lost a great coat and a handkerchief, the prisoner came to my house and took my watch first, and I forgave him for that, because I had it away from him again.
Q. What did he come to your house for? - A. In the first instance, we drank a pot of beer together, he seemed to be distressed for a lodging, and I let him lay an hour or two in my house, he never undressed himself at all; I got up about six o'clock, and while I was cutting a bit of victuals, he took my watch; I called to him, and he gave it me back again; then he came, about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes after, and took my coat; I missed my coat, and I found him at the Orange-tree, in Tottenham-court road; he had the coat and my handkerchief.


                  JOHN
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn. - I am a peace-officer; I apprehended the prisoner, and my brother officer; has had the things in his possession ever since. (The things produced.)
Prosecutor. This is my property, this is the same handkerchief, and that is my coat.
Prisoner's defence. On the 17th of this month, we met at a public-house together, about two o'clock in the afternoon; I was drinking a pint of beer, he asked me what countryman I was, and we continued together till eleven o'clock; he then asked me how I was situated for a lodging, and told me I was welcome to sleep along with him; I own I did take the watch from the mantle-piece, but I did not go away, I returned it; the great coat I bought, and gave seven shillings for it.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 40.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice BULLER.
