





51. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BURGESS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of December
, twenty pounds weight of cheese, value 6s. and two pounds weight of butter, value 1s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Matthews
                  




               
            .


                  ANN
                   MATTHEWS
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 4, Crown-court, Westminster


. The 1st of December, about eight o'clock at night, I was sitting in my little back room, and I saw a man come into the shop. I keep a chandler's shop
, I saw him take the butter and cheese from the counter, and I went out and cried out stop thief! but as all the places were shut up I turned back again, for fear somebody else should get into the shop, and I heard them throw the dish of butter down at the corner of the court at the watch box, and a person brought the butter back, and I considered after that, that he might have thrown the cheese down, and I went out with a candle to look, and when I went out, these men that took him were coming by, and they asked me what was the matter? and I told them, and they said they would catch him; I was frightened, and went back again and thought nothing more about it, and when the watchman came to his watch box, he came down and said, poor woman, is it you that has been robbed to-night? I said yes, says he, then the thief is fast enough, he is in the watch-house, but he has very illused the men that took him. I see him the next morning at Queen-square. I went there.
Q. Did you know him again? - No, because I only see his back and a jacket,
Q. Was he such a person, as the person to you appeared to be, that you saw take the cheese off the counter? - I only saw the back of a man.
Q. Did you see the cheeses? - Yes.
Q. Are the cheeses your's? - They are to the best of my knowledge.


                  WILLIAM
                   HATCH
               



             sworn.
As Mr. Dungate and I were going from the office, (I belong to the office at Queen's-square) just as we passed the end of Crown-court, we heard something fall. I immediately turned to look what fell, and I heard somebody cry out stop thief, with a faint voice; in a few minutes afterwards we walked towards the corner, and we met a woman, that told us that a man had stole two cheeses, and the thief had gone up Charles-street, towards Duke-street. I immediately pursued him up Charles-street, into Duke-street, from thence to Delahaye-street; in Delahaye-street, I asked two women if they saw a man run past, they said no. I immediately concluded that the man had gone up Gardner's-lane, and we went up there, and we had not gone but a little way, before we met the prisoner with the two cheeses under his left arm. We immediately seized him, my partner on one side and I on the other, and he asked us directly what we wanted with him? we told him he was our prisoner, and he should go along with us; he immediately dropped the cheese from under his arm, and made a cut at my partner,with a knife which he had in his hand; when he found that, he struck him over the arm with the truncheon, and said if he did not drop his knife, he would break his arm. With that he swore he would do our business for us if we did not let him go; we told him we would not, in a few minutes, after some struggling, I received a cut over my hand, it is almost well now. We scuffled with him for about twenty minutes, and at last we got him secured, and got him safe to the watch-house. Here is the cheeses here.
Prisoner. Was not I making water when you took me? - No.
Q. Pray sir, what did you say to me when I was in the lock up room in Queen's-square? - I told the prisoner, to the best of my knowledge, that he was not aware of us before we took him, which indeed he was not.
Q. Did not you say to that man we must swear, when we go before the justice that we took the cheeses from him, or else he will not be committed? - I did not say any thing of that sort; because he had got the cheeses under his arm and let them fall.
- DUNGATE sworn.
I was going with my brother-officer along Charles-street; just behind Crown-court, I heard something fall, says I, there is a lamp broke; in a minute or two afterwards we heard the cry of stop thief, we went back to see what it was, and we saw a short gentlewoman that said she had been robbed of two cheeses. We saw a man round the corner, and I said it is ten to one if that is not him, we went into Delahaye-street, and just going down a gateway, we see the prisoner at the bar, with the two cheeses in his left arm, and the knife in the other hand; and we stopped him, and he dropped the cheeses immediately, and he cut me right across the eye, and then he attempted to strike my partner, and he struck him on the wrist; At last justice Addington happened to come by and he assisted to hold him while we took the knife away.
Prisoner. Ask him whether he took any knife from me? - No, we lost the knife in the skussle, but we were cut.
Prosecutrix. I can swear by them ark, they are my cheeses.
Prisoner. About half an hour after eight, on Monday night, I was coming up the Stable-yard, and these cheeses lay, one lay on one side, and the other, on the other of me; and I was making water, and these men came up to me, and said I had stole the cheeses.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 26.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
