






474. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SYKES
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BERRYMAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of April
 last, four pounds of glue, value 6 s. and two pounds of nails, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Rowel
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Bentley
                        



                     
                  ; one plane, value 2 s. one screw-driver, value 1 d. one plow-iron, value 2 d. one square, value 6 d. two saws, value 6 s. two saws, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Thompson
                  



               
            .


                  EDWARD
                   ROWLAND
               



             sworn.
I know 
               
                  George
                   Thompson
               



            ; he is my journeyman
. On the 30th of April, at five in the morning, I went into the shop, and was informed the shop had been robbed: the prisoner Sykes worked with me in February: I was informed a thousand of nails were missing, which had been in the shop the evening before; also a quantity of glue which was in the compting-house the evening before: at twelve o'clock I was informed the thieves and property were in custody; and he brought the prisoner Berryman with him to the yard; he was a total stranger.


                  GEORGE
                   THOMSON
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter: I work for the prosecutors. On the 30th of April, me and two more men called at my master's door for the keys of the shop; one of the men opened the gate, and we went to the workshop door, and went into the shop, and missed some nails and glue; and the screws of the tool-chest were wrenched out of the lid; but the staple was fast; and I missed three saws, a plow, a phillister, a pair of iron nippers, and some other trifling things.


                  THOMAS
                   MITTON
               



             sworn.
I went on the 29th of April to Mr. Bayley's, and bought two half thousand papers of nails, and took them to my master's, the prosecutor's shop, and locked up the shop.


                  PATRICK
                   FLINT
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman in the parish of St. Giles's. On the morning of the 30th of April, I was going my beat at five: I came to my watch-box, and I saw the two prisoners come out of Stone-cutter's-alley; theycrossed Little Queen-street, into Parker's-street; I followed them to Drury-lane, and took them with this property: Mr. Atkins was with me; they said they were going to a job in Mary-le-bone; we took them to the watch-house: (the things produced and deposed to, except the glue): Sykes had threee saws, and a parcel of other tools in a handkerchief.


                  JOHN
                   ATKINS
               



             sworn.
I was with the last witness, and apprehended the prisoners with the things.
Prisoners. We are innocent.
The prisoner Sykes called five, and the prisoner Berryman called one witness, to their character.


                  HENRY
                   SYKES - WILLIAM BERRYMAN
               







               GUILTY
            ,





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
