





272. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     LATIMORE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of May
 last, a cloth coat, value 18 s. a velveteen waistcoat, value 7 s. a pair of corderoy breeches, value 10 s. a pair of linen sleeves, value 12 d. a knife, value 6 d. a pair of steel knee-buckles, value 4 d. and five shillings in monies numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Taylor
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I am a butcher
 at Brewer-street, No. 27. The 23d of May, I lost the things in the indictment, from No. 3, in Middlesex-court


, where I lodge; it was the first night of my lodging; the prisoner slept with me; he came to bed about eleven; the things were all safe over night; I counted my money, and put my breeches under my head; in the morning, at seven, I awaked, and they were gone; I am sure it is the same man.


                  JAMES
                   DUNN
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner four or five weeks ago; I found a knee-buckle upon him; I took him in St. Martin's-lane, at Mr. Collet's; he was undoing his knee of his breeches, and was taking out the knee-buckle; he clasped it in his hand; no more of the property has been found.


                  ELIZABETH
                   DIGBY
               



             sworn.
The prisoner lodged with me; I said I did not choose to take him without a character; he said that his lodgings were over Black-friar's-bridge; he gave me six-pence earnest. On Monday night I told him there was a young man slept with him, and he said he was glad of it; and he went out early in, the morning, and never came to lodge again.
Court to Taylor. Look at that knee-buckle; do you know it? - The knee-buckle I lost was very much like that; it had no particular mark on it.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
When I came to bed about eleven at night (this young man went to bed about nine, or a quarter after) this gentlewoman says to me, you have got a bed-fellow with you; the door was wide open, and I saw no property at all, nor the next morning; and I went to work; there were other lodgers in the house; they might go out at any time of the night they thought proper.
Prosecutrix. Mine were all honest lodgers.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
