





286. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FREEMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of June
, two wooden casks with iron hoops, called wine-pipes, value 16 s. and one wooden cask with iron hoops, called a brandy puncheon, value 5 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Wootton
                  




               
            .



                  WILLIAM
                   WOOTTON
               



             sworn.
I live at the cyder cellars, Covent Garden


, I lost two wide-pipes and a brandy puncheon, two were taken from the door of the ware house, Adelphi-stairs, and the other a little from the door, they had carts in the Strand, I had information, I followed the cart to Great Peter-street, Westminster, I went to get a constable; before I had got back again, they had pulled out the head of one of the wine-pipes, and the brandy-pipe, and the staves lay down. I saw the prisoner assist to get the cask out of the cart at the door, and when I came back with the constable, the prisoner was at work on the cask. I took him; I am sure they were my casks.


                  WILLIAM
                   HUMBLE
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Potts, I saw the prisoner and another man take the pipes away, they rolled them up, and I saw the last cask put into the cart, and two were in before, and they went to Peter-street, Westminster, to the prisoner's house; this was between five and six in the evening.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
On the 19th of June, it was Saturday, I stood at my own shop-door; a gentleman came up to me and asked me if I was a cooper
; I said yes; he asked me if I could pitch three water-tubs for him; I said yes: he said if I would go with him, he would shew me where they were, and I went with him to the place; and he went under the Adelphi, and marked them with a piece of chalk, and asked me if I could fetch them away, and he would satisfy me; I went for them on Monday, and fetched them away; and when I came up in the Strand, I saw a cart, and I hired it for a shilling, and got them home, and this gentleman came and took me up about eleven or twelve in the same day; after I was taken up the gentleman came to my shop, and hearing I was taken up he went away as fast as he could; I have never heard of him since.


                  JOHN
                   PURBY
               



             sworn.
The prisoner hired me to bring the casks, we went down three separate times for them, and put them into a cart.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
