





231. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     FRANKLIN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of April
 last, one stuff boat cloak lined with green baize, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  George 
                  Millett
               




            , Esq
.


                  GEORGE
                   MILLET
               



            , Esq. sworn.
I was just returned from India, and on a visit at my brother-in-law's, Mr. Coghlan; I lost a brown boat-cloak lined with green, I do not know that it is lined with baize, but my name is worked on the back of it; it was lost the latter end of April, it was lost from Mr. Coghlan's, No. 65, Hatton-garden


; I saw the prisoner at Mr. Coghlan's, who had been brought in, I did not see the cloak in his possession, but I saw some pick-locks taken out of his pockets.


                  WILLIAM
                   PORTER
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Millet. On the28th of April the prisoner came to No. 65, Hatton-garden, and knocked at the door, and enquired after Mr. Edwards; he desired me to go and enquire, I went into the parlour, and as I came out, I saw the prisoner walk out of the street-door with the cloak under his arm; the cloak was hanging up in the passage; he run up Hatton-garden with the cloak under his arm; I cried stop thief, and he dropped the cloak; and a gentleman tripped up his heels and we took him. I am sure he is the same person that came to the house, and went out with the cloak.


                  JOSEPH
                   UNDERWOOD
               



             sworn.
I was returning from my work the 28th of April, in the evening; in Hatton-garden, the prisoner was running towards me, he dropped something before he came to me; I pursued him down Hatton-wall, and tripped up his heels; he fell on his face, I fell on him, I took him into custody; I am certain he is the man that dropped something.


                  THOMAS
                   YOUNGER
               



             sworn.
I was constable at the time for Hatton-garden-liberty, I assisted taking the prisoner; I took him into Mr. Coghlan's hall and searched him, and found these pick-lock keys in his pocket, wrapped up tight; we had a coach to take him to the Justice; and in Turnmill-street, somebody cut the coach down, and the door opened, and they began leathering away as they call it; Mr. Millet's servant got terribly wounded; they halloo'd out, damn your eyes, go it; damn your eyes where's your knife Bob, cut away. I expected nothing but murder.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been drinking pretty freely; coming down Hatton-garden, I heard the cry of stop thief; a man came and tripped up my heels; I told him I was not a thief.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
