





41. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  WOOD
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of November, a silk handkerchief, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wright
               




            , clerk
.

Rev.
 THOMAS WRIGHT sworn. - Q. Are you a clergyman
? - A. Yes, On Saturday, the 3d of November about, twelve o'clock, as I was going through Cornhill


, near the print-shop, I perceived something touch my coat pocket on the right hand side with a jerk; I put my hand in my pocket, and found my handkerchief gone; I immediately turned round and found a young man behind me attempting to conceal something; I challenged him with having taken my handkerchief.
Q. Who was that young man? - A. The prisoner at the bar; I told him he had taken my handkerchief; I then saw it drop from behind him; I took it up; I then took him by the arm, and told him he should go before a Magistrate; there was a constable on the opposite side of the way came over, and said, he would save me the trouble, he would take him; I went before the Lord-Mayor, and he was committed; I delivered the handkerchief to the constable.


                  JAMES
                   SMITH
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: On the 3d of November, about twelve o'clock, I saw Mr. Wright take hold of the prisoner by the arm; I went up to him, and he informed me the prisoner had picked his pocket of his handkerchief; I took charge of him, and took him before the Lord-Mayor; Mr. Wright had the handkerchief in his hand, which he gave to me, (produces it); I have had it from that time to this.
Mr. Wright. This is my handkerchief, there are the initials of my name at the corner, T W.
Prisoner's defence. I was coming along, there was another young man standing by me, and this gentleman happened to lay hold of me instead of the other young man; I know nothing of it, he catched hold of the wrong person.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 16.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
