





49. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BREWER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of November
, a piece of silver coin, called a crown, four half crowns, and seven shillings in money numbered
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Careless
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   CARELESS
               



             sworn.
On the 20th of November I laid three guineas worth of silver into a bason, in my closet. I live at the Cheshire Cheese, in Angel-street


. There was put by a crown piece, eight half crowns, and the rest in shillings and sixpences: they laid there about two o'clock; I had the crown out, and shewed it to several people in the kitchen: when six o'clock came I went to get change, and missed the crown piece, and with that I looked into the bason, and saw the silver looked very little, and took it up, and found it to be no more that two pounds-worth; I found there was gone a crown piece, four half crowns, and eight shillings; I did not know whom to charge it to; I had no one in my kitchen but my servant maid and this drummer, who was ballotted on me; I directly takes the servant maid up stairs, and had every thing searched, and found nothing. I takes my candle up and searched the drummer's room, and I clapped my hand into his grenadier's cap, and there I found my property; I left it there, and sent for Mr. Townsend, and we examined him in my club room; I asked him what property he had got of his own in his room? he said, no property there, excepting some silver, which he said was a four and sixpenny piece, and some half crowns, and some shillings; with that we went up stairs together with Mr. Townsend, and as soon as ever he was in the room, he fell-down on his knees, and said, the money was my property.
Was any thing said to him, to induce him thus to confess? - He owned it before Townsend had searched one thing: I had not time to speak to him.
Was this closet locked, or how was it fastened? - It was shut, but not fastened.
- TOWNSEND sworn.
On the 20th of November Mr. Careless sent for me, and told me the story, and I went to the lad, and desired him to be called into the club room: when I asked him what silver of his own was up stairs, hesaid he had a four and six-penny piece, &c. in his cap; I then took him up stairs, and when I had taken the money from his cap, and told him I should take him into custody, and to Bow-street, he said it was was the first time, and he hoped Mr. Careless would pardon him.
Prisoner. They asked me to tell them about it.



               GUILTY
            , Aged 16.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
