





192. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SERJEANT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of January
, one deal box, value 1 s. twenty-four pounds weight of starch, value 15 s. seven pounds weight of salt, value 4 d. three pounds of sal prunella, value 2 s. four quires of emery paper, value 4 s. and twenty-five red herrings, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Slade
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   SLADE
               



             sworn.
I live in Bartholomew-close; I am an oil-man
: on Tuesday evening last, I lost the box and things contained in the indictment.



                  JAMES
                   HARDY
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Slade: the box that was taken from the prisoner, I packed up for Mr. Slade's cart, on Tuesday afternoon, between six and seven, at his door; it contained the things in the indictment; I saw the box delivered by one of our porters into the cart, which 
               
                  John
                   Walton
               



             had the care of: the people who stopped the box came to our house.


                  WILLIAM
                   PORTER
               



             sworn.
I was standing at my mistress's shop in Fleet-market, one Tuesday evening about seven, and I saw the prisoner going by with a box on his head, and one before, and two behind; they were all running, and seemed frightened; I suspected it was stolen, and told a young man, and we followed them, and took the prisoner with the box; he said he found it by the side of the Fleet-market; we broke open the box, and sent to the prosecutor; the box and things we left at Mr. Ashmore's, the ward beadle's; and then it was carried to Mr. Roberts's, the constable's; it was at Mr. Ashmore's the space of half an hour; he was not at home; it was left in young Mr. Ashmore's custody; he is not here.
Court. Send for him.


                  JOHN
                   HUCKEY
               



             sworn.
I went along with Porter, and assisted in taking the prisoner; the prisoner had a box; it was taken to a public-house, and from there to Mr. Ashmore's.


                  JOHN
                   WALTON
               



             sworn.
I was the carter: when I got to the King's-arms-inn, I missed the box; I went from Bartholomew-close to Goswell-street, and from thence to the King's-arms, Holborn-bridge; the box was to be delivered at the King's-arms; the box was about the middle, as near as I can recollect; it could not fall out as I placed it: it is an open cart, and a tarpaulin thrown over the cart; when I got to the King's-arms, the tarpaulin was thrown quite over from the cart; I had not left my cart at all; I was minding my horses; I never stopped any where; there was no stoppage.


                  JOSEPH
                   ASHMORE
               



             sworn.
I remember a box being brought to my father's house by two patrols; I was not in the shop when it was brought; a young man was in the shop (Huckey); he had a bill of parcels in his hand; the goods were not examined; I saw there was starch in it; I waited till my father came home; Mr. Slade's man and the carter came to our house; they knew it was the same goods; one of the patrol carried it to Mr. Roberts; I do not know his name.
- ROBERTS sworn.
I am the officer; I produce some goods; they were brought to my house from Mr. Ashmore's, by a patrol named William Porter; he is not here; another patrol, whose name I forgot, was with me.
Court. When was this man committed? - On the 13th of January.
Court to Huckey. Did you take notice what was in the box? - It was impossible; I took out a bill of parcels of Mr. Slade's; I should not know it again; it amounted to four pounds, fourteen shillings, and three-pence; I kept the bill of parcels, and took it to Ashmore, as I think (the bill of parcels produced); this is the same amount; I set a mark on it.
Court. Who went to Ashmore's? - Mr. Slade's clerk.
Is he here? - No.
Court. Send for the patrol that carried the box from Ashmore's to Roberts's.
Huckey. I can swear this was the box I carried to Ashmore; there was no dirrection upon it.
Court to Harding. Is that the box you packed up? - Yes.
What is there on it? - Two marks, which I can swear to; there is starch, and a person's name; it is the same box.
Prisoner. I was going down Fleet-market, and saw this box lay by a china shop; a man came up, and said, why do you take this box away; I said, does it belong to you: I stopped ten or fifteen minutes, andnobody came. I have been a gut spinner all my life. I did not run, I walked.


                  WILLIAM
                   COUTER
               



             sworn.
I took a box from Mr. Ashmore's to Mr. Roberts; I delivered it in the same condition I received it.
Court to Roberts. That is the same box.
Court to Harding. Look over the things, and tell me if they are the things you packed up? - Yes; I can swear to the red herrings in this paper; I tied them up myself.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before the Lord CHIEF BARON.
