





140. 
               
                  RICHARD PAINE 
                  SHARP
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of December
, an iron plough share, value 1 l. 5 s. an iron coulter, value 2 s. a bridle, value 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Kaye
                     



                  , a pewter plate, value 6 d. and a bridle, value 1 s
            . the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Baxter
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   BAXTER
               



             sworn.
I am a servant
 to Mr. 
               
                  Joseph
                   Kaye
               



            , he is a gentleman
 in town, the plough share and coulter was took out of the yard where I live, I am a labouring man
, they were taken from the yard; there was an iron plough share and coulter in the yard, the coulter was not taken off the ground, it was left in the barn; the bridle was in another house of Mr. Kaye's; the pewter plate and one bridle was mine, I don't know where it was took from, I know them, I cannot swear who took them, but here is a good man that brought them to me, he found them on the prisoner's premises, he was a lodger, and had a room to himself.


                  SAMUEL
                   CHINE
               



             sworn.
I am also a servant to Mr. Kaye, I am what they call a bailiff of a farm; on the 7th of December Mr. Webb, a blacksmith, came to me and said, Mr. Chine, have you lost any plough irons, I said I had, I ordered the constable to take the man into custody, he did the next morning, he was taken before the justice, and the justice committed him for further examination; by the justice's orders, I went over and searched the house on Saturday evening, he rented two rooms, he had worked for me before; the blacksmith told me they were the rooms that he rented, I found the first thing between the bed and bed mat, a couple of fowls ready picked, I went into the next room, and there I found this bridle and plate of Baxter's, this was in the setting room below; I mean the bed-room up stairs, was where I found the fowls, and I foundmany other things there that are not yet owned; the plough share was brought to me before by the constable himself; in my going to the justice he said, master you have lost your bridle, did not you? says he I have got your bridle master. I had made him no promises nor threats; that was my master's bridle; he had a woman along with him; he said to her, do you go and get Mr. Kaye's bridle; she did not bring it to me, so I told her when I see her again at the justice's, that she had not done according to the prisoner's bargain; he told her again to fetch it, and I went with her and we found it under a barrel, she heaved the barrel up on one side and I picked it up from under the barrel, this barrel was just the outside of the back door, just at his sitting room; then I said to her, woman if you know of any thing else that is hid, I will be glad if you will tell me; she told me where a coulter was hid on my master's premises with an intent to take off, but it was not taken. The prisoner at the bar said at the justice's, that neither me nor my master should not be alive at New year's day to prosecute him; he had worked for me about five weeks as a hay maker; I had discharged him on Wednesday, but not on this affair, as I found this out on Saturday.
Prisoner. Mr. Chine you said, I told you where to get the bridle. I did not. - It is true he did.
Prisoner. It is no use my speaking, for his word will go before mine.


                  RICHARD
                   WEBB
               



             sworn.
I am a blacksmith; the prisoner brought me the plough share and offered to sell it to me for a penny a pound, five weeks ago last Saturday night, he brought it into his room between one and two in the morning, he was a lodger of mine, I lett him an up stairs room and a down stairs, he was to give me 2 s. a week, all the things were found on his premises; I saw two bridles, one was underneath the tub at the back door, the other was up the chimney piece, the plate stood on the shelf in his down stairs room; Mr. Chine took them away from my house.
Mr. Chine. I carried the bridle and the plate myself to the constable's house.
Mr. Webb. I should know them again if I was to see them.
Prisoner. I hope you will take notice of what I am going to say, Mr. Chine said, the constable took them, and the constable says, Mr. Chine took them; as to the blacksmith accusing me of stealing the plough share, it was himself that did it? - All the things were found on his premises.
Court to Webb. How came Mr. Baxter to know that his things were missing? - He searched the room by justice Biddle's order.
Q. What was the apartment you lett to him? - I lett one up stairs room and one down stairs room; these articles were found in his room.
Mr. Chine. The blacksmith came and told me that the man had offered him a plough share to sell for a penny a pound.
Mr. Webb. I thought you meant the bridles? - I did go and tell him of the plough share.


                  WILLIAM
                   TONFIELD
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I saw the plough share irons and fetched them away; the bridle was brought to my house afterwards, Mr. Chine brought them and a pewter plate likewise. I know they are the same that are now produced, they are all marked. (A bridle and the plate deposed to by Mr. Baxter; the plate by a flaw and the bridle he had had five years, and the plough share deposed to as the same he had at his house. The other bridle deposed to.)
Court to Chine. How far is the house of the prisoner from the place where these things were taken? - About a mile and a half.

Prisoner. On Saturday night, please your honour, the last Saturday night I was at work there, I had been at the pay table; I went up to Brent to buy a pair of shoes; I was coming home about half past ten, I overtakes my landlord, 
               
                  Richard
                   Webb
               



            , and as soon as he heard somebody coming he throws this plough share off his shoulder, and he said, don't say any thing about it and I will pay you for it, and he set off 2 s. for it off the rent; I helped him as much as I could; I was in liquor and could not assist him so well, there was another piece by the side of it, and that he worked up. When we came home to his own house he stowed this plow share into the place called the pantry, and puts some wood on it. On Monday morning I went to work again as usual, on Tuesday I went again as usual, and was taken with the fit of the ague, and have been bad ever since. When I went up to Bow-street Chine paid me the part of the weeks wages that was due to me. I have no witness here.
Court to Constable. How did you get the plough share? - I went to take this man and he produced the plough share out of his room, in another little room by; Webb told me he had put it in that room in the presence of the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 29.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
