





446. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     GARDNER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of August
, a gold watch, value 4 l. a base metal watch chain gilt with gold, value 6 d. a key, with marquesites, set in mother of pearl, value 12 d. the property of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Heavens
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Hester
                         Watson
                     



                  , widow
            .


                  JOHN
                   WATTS
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to Mr. Bannister, of Bridges-street, salesman; the movement of this watch I received from the prisoner to make new cases, which watch Mr. Heaven's, the prosecutor, claimed. The prisoner gave me no case with it, it was agreed that I should make him a single metal gilt case to this movement, a new dial plate, and cleaning and repairing, all which came to 20 s. He brought it to me on the 10th or 11th, Wednesday or Thursday, and was to receive it on Saturday. He said very likely he should be on guard, and could not come for it. I took a bill of the shop and wrote upon it, the bearer hereof receives this watch by paying the money for it, which was 20 s. A soldier came for it, it was not done. On Monday morning the prisoner came for it himself, I saw him myself on Monday morning; in consequence of some information from Sir Sampson'smen I kept the movement afterwards, and detained the prisoner.


                  RICHARD
                   PARKER
               



             sworn.
I am a private in the Coldstream regiment of guards; I saw the prisoner pass a watch out of one pocket to another; he was changing his clothes, it might be about half past five on Sunday morning, the 7th or 8th of August.


                  JOHN
                   CREEDLAND
               



             sworn.
I am one of the Bow-street patrol, on the 17th of the last month I was desired to search the prisoner at the Office, I am not positive to the day, I found only money. I went round to search for the watch, and found it at the house of this witness's master on the day after, which was the 18th, when the movement was produced by the pawnbroker. The prosecutor, in the presence of the prisoner, said, this was his watch, and not only that, but he sent down to Bath after the name and the number. The prosecutor saw these movements, and the prisoner said, when questioned about it at that time, not a single sentence to my knowledge; the prosecutor said, in the presence of the prisoner, it was his.


                  SAMUEL
                   HEAVEN
               



             sworn.
I am a coach-master
, I lost a watch, as mentioned in the indictment, from the Angel Inn, the back of St. Clement's


, about the 3d of August. 
               
                  Hester
                   Watson
               



             keeps the house, I slept there, and lost it out of my bed-chamber; I do not know the exact day I lost it, I left it in the room on a table by my bed-side; I had not seen it for some days, I think I had it in my pocket on the Sunday before the Wednesday when I lost it, or it may be Friday; the prisoner was billetted at the house; he came very near my room to go to his own, not far off, but not on the same story. I saw the watch at Bow-street about ten days after it was missing; it was only the movements, I could not swear to it without sending to my watchmaker, and he sent me the number to refresh my memory; I recollect the maker's name, 
               
                  Philip
                   Page
               



            , London, No. 23626; I received this slip of paper inclosed in a letter from Bath. I have recovered nothing but the movement, I have no doubt but it is mine.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My Lords and Gentlemen of the Jury, being quartered at Mrs. Watson's, the sister of Mr. Heaven, at the sign of the Angel Inn, my other comrade was getting up about eight on Thursday morning, the 4th of August last, we both came down stairs in the yard together; I said I must go up the yard, I should soon return; I went with intention to go into the common vault, I found it engaged, necessity obliged me to go into the gentleman's vault; upon entering it I perceived on the side a small parcel of fine paper, which contained the movements of a watch and a chain, without a glass or case; I put it in my pocket, having no time to make any enquiry after it, being almost too late for my duty. It continued in my quarters till Friday the 12th of August, no enquiry was made, I naturally imagined it belonged to some traveller that might have slept at the inn; it was not advertised, nor any enquiry made after it; I took it to Mr. Bannister, to have a case made for it, for my own use, and I agreed to give him 1 l. for repairing it; I went into the hospital, in a bad state of health, on Friday the 12th of August, where I continued till Monday the 15th of August, when I was surprized by the Serjeant Smith, belonging to the same company, who said I must get up and go with him to Sir Sampson's Wright's office in Bow-street immediately; I called at Mr. Bannister's, in Bridge-street, to see if the movement was repaired; it was not till the day following. I came strait to Sir Sampson's office, when I was charged with stealing a watch, the property of Mr. Heaven. I was examined, and sent down for further examination; I came up the second time, the movement was produced, which I had taken to Mr. Bannister, but my prosecutor could swear to neither the movement nor the number, till he shouldwrite down to Bath. I was five times examined before I was fully committed, and as Parker, the evidence against me, says, he saw me take the watch from one breeches pocket to another, which he was at some distance when he saw me do it; no words passed between us, I did not know he saw it; had I stolen it, or knew it to be stolen, I never would have gone to Mr. Bannister in the neighbourhood to have it repaired for my use. My Lord, I call God to witness what I have said is true.
Court to prisoner. You found it without glass or case? - Yes.
Jury. Was there no inside case? - No case at all.
Court to prosecutor. The chain of this watch I suppose was fixed to the outside case in the common way? - Yes.
And there was a glass I suppose to the outside case? - Yes, there was one case I did not lose; I used to leave it without the outside case.
Court. Then it was a watch with a case and a chain, without the outside case? - Yes.
Court. Had you ever been to this place? - Yes, but not that morning; I cannot recollect taking it out of my pocket, I very rarely did it.
Might not you leave it there? - Not that I recollect; it is not my custom to do it; if I take it out I put it in my waistcoat pocket.
What is the value of the watch? - Four guineas, or four guineas and a half.
How long have you had it? - I believe ten years, it is quite an old watch.




               GUILTY, 39 s
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
