





34. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     RANDALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of December
, half a guinea and 4s. 6d.
             the monies of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Rawlins
                  




               
            ,


                  EDWARD
                   RAWLINS
               



             sworn.
I was robbed on Monday last, about half after five in the afternoon, I pawned my watch for twelve shillings, and I sold it out and out, for twenty-seven shillings, and I went into a public house to spend a shilling out of the money;I went with nobody only the man that bought it, I went to the sign of the Ship, in Duck-lane


, I believe it is; when I had spent my shilling I felt myself unwell; the woman lives next door to this publick house, and the fetched me a tap on the breech, and I told her to let me alone, for I was not well; there were two recruits in the room with her, they came from the recruit house to the Barracks, these two men came to this woman's house, I went into this house, and into this room, and there she locked me up while she went out, and there I fell into a fit, and I was coming to my senses at the time she came in; I am sure the money was in my pocket when she came in, she came in and unlapped the paper, and poured it into her hand; I said, if you please, God Almighty bless you, do give me my money again; she said, b-st and b-gg-r your eyes, I have got none of your money; the went out of the room and locked me in till from about five o'clock till eleven, and she was as drunk as ever she could stand; I broke the door open to get out; then I saw her in the public house, and I charged the watch with her; I asked her there for my money.
Q. Did the watch take her? - Yes.
Q. Was she searched to see if she had any money? - Yes, she had five shillings and six-pence in silver, and a penny farthing.
Q. Was you sober at the time? - Yes, I was.
Jury. You said something about fits? - She locked me up when she went out, in the mean time I had had a fit, and was coming to myself again before the woman returned.
Prisoner. This young man is a particular acquaintance of mine ever since he has been in town, and he was in my company every opportunity he had, he came to me at the Star and Crown, where I was charing, very much intoxicated in liquor, and he asked me to let him go and lie down before he went to the recruit house; I said to my mistress, let me take him home and I will come back again directly; says she, don't stop, and you may go; when I got to the room he insisted on my going on the bed with him, and I did; we got up again, and he sat by me, and in come these two recruits, his two comrades, he fretted about something, one of his comrades said it was about a young woman that he had left at Coventry; he fell into a fit, and it was as much as ever his two comrades could do to hold him; he came out of that and fell into another fit afterwards, and he came to himself again, and went into another; he was in three fits before he was sensible; then his comrades desired me to let him lie down, and he asked himself to lay down, and I throwed the bed quilt over him to cover him; they said if he would lay down they would fetch him when his name would he called over, which would be at nine o'clock; they went with me to the Star and Crown, and they promised me faithfully they would go for him, but they did not; before I could get home he came to me to the public house, and charged me with the robbery. I never saw his money; the constable of the night searched me, I had five shillings in my pocket, and some few halfpence, that was all the money I had; and if I had five shillings in silver I had received seven of my mistress to go and buy some shoes, and the lent me the money before hand; this young man took his oath at the police office that I was the woman that robbed him; after he took his oath to that he wanted to go back again to the office, says he, I will goback to get the justice to let you go clear, if you will own that you have had my money, and give me some of it back again, then says he, I will let you go; Sally, says he, try and make the money up to me, and if you will but get your friends to return it to me I will not hurt a hair of your head; and more than that he was with me whenever he liked, and more times than I can mention,


                  THOMAS
                   DENHAM
               



             sworn.
I was a constable when the prisoner was brought into the watch-house to me, I searched her and I found five shillings and six-pence on her, and some few halfpence; she had been drinking a little, but not to say very forward; I can give her no character, I had seen her once or twice, or three times before.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 35.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
