





529. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PHINNIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of August
, half a guinea
            , the money of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Garnet
               




            .


                  THOMAS
                   GARNET
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner. I live in Moors-street, St. Martin's-lane, I am commonly called a Strapper, in the yard, working in the yard, dressing horses, and sometimes go out with a glass coach. I had been to Darttord with a gentleman's's carriage the 9th of August, coming home I met with the prisoner at this side of New Cross turnpike, at the watering house, and asked him how he was? he told me he was very well, and he asked me how I was? and then I asked him where he was going? he told me he was going to town; says I, if you will call on me at master's yard I will give you some victuals and drink; which accordingly he did.

Q. When did he call? - That same night, and had some bread and cheese, and part of five pints of beer, and then he wished to go and see a friend, that keeps a public house in Little Norwich-street. He asked me to go along with him, I told him I would. I went; we had two pints of ale there, and in paying for it I gave the woman instead of six-pence, half a guinea, and she brought it back to me, and I said, I beg your pardon, and when she gave it me back, I took particular notice of the half guinea, and took the half guinea and gave her six-pence. When we had done that, I said I wanted to go and see a friend in Vine-street, we went there and had a pot of ale, and I paid six-pence for it, and had a penny out of it, I had had two sixpences in my pocket; from thence I asked him if he had any place to go that night? he said no. I then said I would put him into my stable; we went, he slept in the stable, I laid by him being rather intoxicated with liquor and tired, I fell down and slept. I was in liquor, I cannot say for him; then about midnight, it may be about one o'clock, a fellow servant of mine coming from the country, came and opened the door; (every one in the yard have all got keys,) he heard somebody asleep, and waked us with the whip, he waked first, and then awakened me, and we went up the stable, and I said I am very dry, and I clapped my hand into my pocket and missed my money, I said to him, you have not taken my money from me; he said no, I said I know where I had the last pot of ale, I'll go there, and while I knocked at the door and the girl answered. I said, what money did I spend here last night? they said only a six-pence, and I observed him working his hand underneath a board, and I said, what are you about? I am sure and certain that you have got my money, and put it there; accordingly as I was talking to him, a watchman came up, this was in Vine-street, by talking to him to, the patrole came up and asked the same question. I told him the same, says he, do you give a charge against this man? Yes, says I, I do; accordingly he took him to the watch house with him; he says, you stop by this hole till I bring a light; says the prisoner suppose you do bring a light there may be another half guinea as well as his. I went to the watch house, in about twenty minutes the patrole brought the half guinea down; says he, young man, would you know the half guinea if you was to see it? Yes, says I, if it is mine, it is a little crooked on one side; accordingly he shewed it me, and I said if I can swear to any piece of money, I can swear to that.
Q. How came you to pay for all these things, had the prisoner any money? - He said he had only two pence halfpenny, and I thought it was charity, knowing him before. I charged him with it, and he called me all the fools in the world.
Q. You was in liquor when you went to lay down in the stable? How was you you when you gave your first half guinea in payment? - I was rather in liquor then.
Q. Was you in a state of mind to take notice of your half guinea? - At that time I was perfectly.
Prisoner. Had not we a pot of ale at Jones's house, the last house we went to? Then we went and lay down in a binn, and there came a man, and whipped us up, and you missed half a guinea. Did not you say you would go back to the house? Did not I stand up against the wall a good while before I sat down? and did not you poke in the hole as well as I?
WILLIAM PENNINGTON sworn.
I am one of the patrole of St. Martin's lane. About half after three o'clock inthe morning; in the night of the 9th of August, hearing some noise in Vine-street, I went up to see what was the matter. I see the prisoner and prosecutor, the prosecutor said, that that man had robbed him of half a guinea, says he, I look upon it, it is in that hole; I said if it is there I will take you first to the watch house, which I did, and told the constable of the night, and he told me to go back with a light, and I went back and found the half guinea in that hole with a knife; I asked him, a young man, do you think you should know your half guinea, if you should see it? Yes, says he, I should.
Prisoner. Did not this man say he was coming back to see whether he had given his half guinea away? - What he had said to you before I came up I cannot say.


                  THOMAS
                   ACTON
               



             sworn.
I was watchman there. I know no more than what has been said. I took the half guinea out with a knifefrom the dirt, it was underneath the side of a house in Vine-street; they stood both against the house.


                  Q. 
               


            Was it underneath the boards or where? - Yes, I believe it was, on the outside, from a hole made I took it, like a a mouse hole.
Q. To Mr. Garnet. Whereabouts was it you see him siddling with the half guinea? - Within about a yard of the post door, it is boarded down, and comes down to the payement, and under this payement there was a hole where a mouse had run in.
Acton. That was the sort of place.
Prisoner. I was sent to the Three Jolly Post Boys, and I met the prisoner, says he, did not you once turn a wheel for Mr. Saville, of Pall-mall? Yes, says I, says he will you come and drink along with me to-night? Yes, says I, I will come, if you will find me somewhere to sleep; so I gave a boy sixpence to lead me to this man's place, and there I met with this man according to appointment; he took me to a public house and gave me a penny worth of bread and cheese, then we went to the sign of the Three Chairmen Little Warwick-street, Pall Mall; there were Mr. Saville's cutlers, they knew me, I drank a good deal, but was not in liquor at all; then we went to Mr. Jones's, where he says the money was found, there we had a pint of beer, before he had paid for the beer he said, I will take care I will not pay half a guinea; when we got to the door there were a parcel of people at the door, they said, what is the man blind? Yes, says he, and he came fifteen miles out of the country on purpose to see me, and I heard some money rattle then, and I thought it rattled in his pocket, we went home to his stable, and slept in a binn together, by and by, there came a man in, and whipping him up, and he missed his half guinea. I told him I would stand the search; he said he did not think it was I, so back he goes to this house where we had the last pot of beer, to see if he had given it away there, and I thought I would try if I could find any thing. I could not feel it out then, and whether I poked it into this hole I don't know. I am sure I never stole it in my life.
Prisoner to Prosecutor. Did not you come to me and say, are not you hiding my half guinea? No, I said, I am only picking up stones, and if I could have found it, I would have made him give me sixpence, because so far as I know, they can demand a shilling out of a pound for every thing that is found.
Court to Acton. When you found the half guinea was there any other money to gingle? - No other money.
Prisoner. I offered him to search me, and he would not search me. I come fromFarnham, in Kent. I used to setch and carry letters for the Bishop of Rochester's widow; I take all parcels from the stage coach, and goes on messages for all the gentleman all round. They don't know where I am now; I cannot send word because I cannot write. I was committed the 11th of September, but I was taken up the 9th of August.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ROOKE.
