







361. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ROSE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SPENCER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of June

, an ox, value 19l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Ward
                  



               
             and 
               
                  John 
                  Harpur
               



            : and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CORDEROY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               felonioulsy receiving on the same day, the same ox, knowing it to be stolen
            .(The case opened by Mr. Trebeck.)


                  JOHN
                   HARPUR
               



             sworn.
Q. Where do you live? - In the Edgeware-road.
Q. Have you any partner? - Yes, 
               
                  James
                   Ward
               



            .
Q. Did you lose any beasts on Tuesday, the 21st of May last? - On the night, between Thursday and Friday I lost four oxen; three of them were found, one near the field, and the others in the road, on the morning of the 22d.
Q. Have you ever recovered the fourth? - No, I never have.
Q. Do you know what kind of an ox it was that you have not recovered? - Only by the information of my man.
Q. Are you responsible for these beasts? - Yes, I am, I am a farmer, and take them from the butchers till they kill them; the bullocks and oxen and sheep that the butchers do not want to kill immediately, they send to me to the field, and pay me so much for keeping them; we are paid for the bullocks sixpence a night, and a shilling a score for sheep; if they are not forth coming I always pay the butchers.
Q. Is that the understanding between you and your employers? - Yes.

Mr. Knowlys. Did you ever particularly undertake to pay for this particular bullock, if it was lost? - Yes, it is always the custom ever since people take them. Mr. Hellum well knew that I was responsible.
Q. Have you paid him? - No, because Mr. Bond told me not, till this business was over, but I have promised to pay him.


                  RICHARD
                   HELLUM
               



             sworn.
Q. Did you on the 18th of May, last purchase an ox? - Yes, at Smithfield, of one Mr. Harris; it was a kind of Linconshire bullock.
Q. What time of the day did you purchase it? - About nine or ten o'clock in the morning, or thereabouts; it was a black one, not a right down black, but mixed, as if it was sun burnt. It was a bullock bought for my own killing, it was under the description of a fat ox, but not so fat as I have seen them sometimes.
Q. Upon the whole was it a particular ox? - It was one that I should be able to distinguish, because it was a colour that does not often appear, I cannot say uncommon, because I have seen half a score of that description of a market day.
Q. Could you have sworn to it if you had seen it a week after in Smithfield market? - I could; moreover when I bought it I marked it, three clips on the hip, and two on the tail.
Q. What sort of a face had he? - I am not particular as to the face of it, the head is not an object that we want to look it; after we have bought our beasts we then call out to our drover, and tell him I have bought so many beasts to day.
Q. Just at this moment I would ask you do you know these men? - Yes, all three of them.
Q. What is Corderoy? - A master butcher.
Q. What is Joseph Spencer? - A Smithfield drover.
Q. Is he one who should wear a number? - I believe he should. The other is a drover, he has been in the habit of bringing home sheep for me many times.
Q. Did you see him wear a number? - I think I have.


                  Q. 
               


            Should he wear one? - Yes, they are all obliged to wear one that attend Smithfield, or else they are liable to be laid hold of. After I have bought my sheep at Smithfield I deliver them up to my drover, Mr. Anguish, I do not always stand to see the beasts taken away; I gave Anguish direction to take three away, to be sent to Mr. Harpur's field.
Q. Were either of the other two of the same colours as this you lost? - No, quite the contrary, almost as much as black to white.
Q. Where is Mr. Harpur's field? - At Paddington, I believe they call it Edgeware-road.
Q. Have you ever seen it again? - No, I have had all of them oxen home from the field but that, that I have never seen since.
Mr. Knapp. So this ox is so particular that you have seen half a score of the same sort? - Something of the colour, but not exactly.
Q. What day of the week was the 18th of May? - Monday.
Q. Have you ever since you lost your ox, seen oxen of the same sort, with the one that you have described? - I don't know to my knowledge I have, I cannot say whether I have or have not.
Mr. Trebeck. I believe you don't know that any body has found the beast? - Only by report.


                  JAMES
                   ANGUISH
               



             sworn.


                  Q. 
               


            Are you a drover? - Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            What is your number? - A hundred and twenty three.


                  Q. 
               


            Do you recollect on the 18th ofMay that Mr. Hellum gave you any oxen to take care of? - Yes, four.
Hellum. I bought four, but one of another man.
Court. How many did you order to be taken to the field? - I know them three beasts particularly went to the field; I might send four, but only three that I bought of Harris.
Anguish. I took them to Mr. Harpur's field about twelve or one o'clock, as nigh as I can guess.
Q. What day of the week was it? - Monday.
Q. Who did you deliver them to? - To Dick, Mr. Harpur's man; my man did that I sent with them; I see the beasts on Tuesday, we always book them of a Tuesday, and I booked them myself then.
Q. Have you seen any of these oxen since? - I have seen three, two of the fellow beasts and the odd bullock.
Q. Were the fellow beasts those that were bought of Mr. Harris? - Yes, three of them.
Q. Then they were all something alike? - Yes.
Q. I understand you to say that you have seen two of these beasts? - Yes.
Q. Have you seen the third? - No, I have not.
Q. Did you take any notice of the two beasts that you have seen since? - No, I do not take particular notice of every particular beast that I have seen since.
Q. Did you while you were driving them? - No, I did not particular.
Q. Were those beasts that you have seen since, the beasts that you drove from market? - Yes, by the mark, I only take notice of the marks, I do not take notice of the colour of every beast that I drive.
Q. What were the marks? - Three clips on the hips, and two round the tail, that is Mr. Hellum's mark.
Q. Were all three clipped and marked the same way? - Yes.
Q. Do you know whether the third beast, which you have not since seen, was a white or a black beast? - I cannot say to the colour, but I know there was never of them three, white ones.
Q. Should you know that beast again if you was to see him? - I should know him by the mark, but no further.
Q. Are either of the prisoners at the bar drovers? - Yes, they both of them worked for me, Rose and Spencer.
Q. Are those the men that should wear numbers? - Yes.
Mr. Knowlys. And the other is a considerable master butcher in the market, of as considerable business as your master? - He is a master butcher.
Mr. Trebeck. Did either of those men drive these beasts at all? - No, a little boy that works for me.


                  RICHARD
                   AYRES
               



             sworn.
Q. Who do you live with? - With Mr. Harpur.
Q. Do you recollect any bullocks being brought to you on Monday, the 18th of May last? - Yes, on Monday, to the best of my knowledge there were three of Mr. Hellum's bullocks brought, oxen; they were put in the lare, a bullock field where they are always put.
Q. After these oxen were brought to Mr. Ward's, do you recollect seeing any of the prisoner's at the bar? - Yes, I recollect seeing Rose and Spencer; I see them every day of the week that they were lost; I see them Thursday in the afternoon, the 21st of May, to the best of my knowledge it was about four o'clock, they came in the lare.
Q. Did you drink together? - Yes; I asked Rose what he wanted? he said he wanted nothing; I asked him where he had been? he told me he had been to get some flowers. As they come through the lare, and passed by this black bullock, Spencer says, d-mn me, whose bullock is that, he pointed to the black bullock.



                  Q. 
               


            Was that the bullock that was afterwards lost? - Yes. Rose replied, it is Hellum's.
Q. Describe what sort of a colour that bullock was? - A long legged bullock, rather sun burnt; there are a great many bullocks of that colour.
Q. Should you know that bullock if you was to see it again? - Yes, I believe I should, it was a particular thin one, I am sure it was Hellum's.
Q. Had you any other of Hellum's in you lare of that colour? - No, I had not of that colour. Rose said it was Hellum's, and Spencer said it looked d-ed thin; it had three clips on the off hip, and two clips on the tail.
Q. Did you and the two prisoners then part? - We went across my master's held and got more flowers.


                  Q. 
               


            When you left the field or the lare, was the gate shut? - Yes, the gate was locked.


                  Q. 
               


            What time in the afternoon was it that you and the prisoner parted? - To the best of my knowledge it was about five in the afternoon.


                  Q. 
               


            When did you go to this field again? - I was there till eleven o'clock at night.
Q. Were the oxen in the field that night? - They were all under cover of the pen, I hunted them up.
Q. When did you go to the lare again? - The next morning, it might be a quarter past five.
Q. Did you find the oxen in the field then? - I found them all out, and the staples drawn; I found three out however, and the other I could not find; I found three in the field just by.
Q. Is that the road leading to the Duke of Bedford's road? - Yes, I believe it is, but I don't much know about the Duke of Bedford's road.
Q. Was one of the bullocks that you see sun burnt? - No, I did not find him, I found them all but one.
Q. And from that time to this you have not seen it? - No, I have not seen it
Mr. Knowlys. You say these three that were recovered, were found staying? - I did.
Q. The other has not been heard of since? - No.
Q. Now another thing; this man was picking up flowers? - They told me they had been getting some flowers, and we went and got some more.
Q. Pray what other gentlemen were picking flowers just by? - There were two other butchers there beating a carpet, two of Mr. Dagley's men.


                  Q. 
               


            They were a good way off the lare? - Two or three hundred yards, they were where the sheep were.
Q. You was of the same opinion with Spencer, about this ox, that he was d-ed thin? - He was thin.
Mr. Knapp. And it was black? - It was black at the same time.
Mr. Trebeck. You take in a great number of these beasts? - Yes.
Q. And this was more than commonly thin? - The reason he was so thin, because the other three bullocks kept him away from his victuals.


                  Q. 
               


            Was it an oxen sit to be killed? - Yes.
Q. It was rather a thin ox for a fat one? - Yes.


                  GEORGE
                   CROSS
               



             sworn.
Q. What are you? - A pork butcher, kill pigs. On Friday, the 22d of May I was going across the Duke of Bedford's private road, towards Hampstead, about a quarter past four in the morning, I met the prisoner Rose and another man, driving a bullock. I am not certain it was Spencer.


                  Q. 
               


            What beast was it? - An ox, or two steer.


                  Q. 
               


            To Ayres. What beast was it that you lost? - A sun burnt ox.

Q. To Cross. How near were you to Rose and Spencer when you see this beast? - I see them a considerable time before I came up to them, and I past it as nigh as I am to you, on my seeing it at that time I said nothing at all to either of them.


                  Q. 
               


            What sort of a beast was it? - A black bullock, rather sun burnt, which I accounted for from the hardness of the winter; I considered it as such.
Q. Did you make any particular remark on this beast? - Yes, I made a remark, because I considered it as very strange; I had suspicion, that made me take the notice I did take, of its being a long legged bullock, blue brown, as if fun burnt, rather by the hardness of the winter. It was bought as I supposed for the butcher to kill, but may have fasted from Monday till Friday, and that made it look thin. I know a little of all kinds of beasts.
Q. Do you know if it is a common thing for the strange beasts to prevent another beast from eating? - O, yes! and with every kind of animal almost, when they get into droves, or into fields. The tail was cut, I don't remember seeing any other marks. On my return from the place where I had been at in Hampstead-road, to one Mr. Rose's, a seavenger belonging to St. James's parish; I see the prisoner, Rose, standing on the step of a public house door, at the corner of a gateway in King-street, Bloomsbury, and the bullock was up the gate-way.
Q. What o'clock was that? - That might be about five, but I passed it twice after that; I had a pig, and I did not speak to the prisoner at that time.
Q. Where do you live? - In Turnstile, Holborn, leading into Lincoln's-inn-fields. I was going to the same place to fetch another pig, and the prisoner was on the step of the door at that time, and the bullock up the yard; this was before six.


                  Q. 
               


            Was that the same bullock you had seen at the end of the Duke of Bedford's-road? - Yes, the very same; I asked him where he brought the bullock from? he said a man gave it him to drive into the New-road; I asked him where his partner was, that was helping him to drive the bullock along the field? he said his partner was gone to get some more beasts, and to mix this bullock with them, to take him to the slaughter-house; I asked him where his number was? he said, what is that to you. He had no number on his arm; I asked him whether he was not a Smithfield drover? he said he was not. The ox was down at the bottom of the yard all this time; then I left him; on my return again he was sitting there again; I had a pig then, and the pig was rather wild, I could not stop, then the bullock was down the yard; I called on a publican, Mr. Ordish; I did not know any thing further till I heard that Mr. Harpur had lost a bullock.
Q. Did you and Ordish go any where when you called on him? - No, I only told my suspicions.
Q. Then you did not see the prisoner afterwards? - Not till he was apprehended.
Q. Was it that day? - No.
Q. What o'clock was it that you last see him? - About half past six.
Mr. Knowlys. I believe it was in consequence of an advertisement that you applied to Mr. Harpur? - Yes, it was, it offered two guineas if it was strayed, ten pounds if it was stole, and fifteen pounds if the person was convicted; would you wish to see the advertisement?
Q. On your oath did you describe the marks at Bow-street? - I described his tail being cut, I mean the hair being cut off the tail.

Q. Did you describe it at Bow-street? - I do not recollect that I did.
Q. Don't you know you did not? - I do not recollect.
Q. You have had a copy of the advertisement ever since? - On my seeing the advertisement in the paper, I kept the paper by me, for I said as I see the advertisement, I said that is the bullock that I see.


                  Q. 
               


            How many days are there that you have not read the advertisement? How came you to bring it here? - I did not know but I might be asked for it, for I knew there were such gentlemen as you employed.


                  Q. 
               


            Have not you read it once from home to here? - One of the evidences that is here I shewed it to.
Q. Did you desire him to read it? - I believe I did; that was Friday last.
Q. On your oath were not you attending to give evidence in this place on Friday last? - Yes, I was.
Q. And you attending to give evidence shewed the advertisement to the slaughter-house man that killed the ox, and he is to be a witness called soon to describe it? - I suppose so, but I did not think any harm; it was read while we were drinking a pot of porter.
Q. How many times have you read the advertisement? - I cannot tell how many times I have read it.
Mr. Trebeck. After you had read it once, did you immediately say that was the ox? - I did, and I went to Mr. Harpur's immediately, and I said, that is positively the ox that I see last Friday.
Q. Then you shewed the paper to one of the evidence's; you were all here to give evidence? - We were.
Q. There was no harm in the transaction.


                  WILLIAM
                   ORDISH
               



             sworn.
I live in King-street, Bloomsbury,
Q. Do you know Mr. 
               
                  George
                   Cross
               



            ? - I know the man.
Q. Do you recollect when he called on you, or whether he called on you in May last? - I cannot tell what morning; that morning that he came by I was opening my windows, and opposite to our windows there is stable yard; the prisoner Rose stood against the end of the yard, I went over to the yard and spoke to the prisoner Rose, and asked him, what have you got a wild one here? no, says he, he is off his legs, meaning he was rather lame; I asked him whom he belonged to, and he gave me no answer, and I came away directly.
Q. Did you look at the ox? - I could take very little notice of him, because he was at a distance from me.


                  JOHN
                   HAWKES
               



             sworn.


                  Q. 
               


            Where do you live? - At Mr. Brookes's slaughter-house, in Cross-lane, Drury-lane, or Holborn, which you please.
Q. Do you remember any person bringing an ox to your slaughter-house to be killed, on Friday the 22d of May? - Rose, the young man in the white jacket; the boys called gate, aha! I immediately ran from my horse; I was taking a horse out of the stable, and the bullock immediately ran up the yard; it was between seven and eight on Friday morning; I asked him whose it was? he said Mr. Corderoy's.
Q. Did you know Mr. Corderoy? - Yes, the butcher in Newport-market; the gentleman at the bar, on this side.


                  Q. 
               


            Had you any other person of that name that dealt with you? - No. He told me it was rather wild, and cut down in both its legs, but not effectually, and to take care of it. There were two other beasts with it.
Q. Was any body with Rose, assisting him to drive them? - No, not in my sight.

Q. What sort of an ox was the one that came running down, the yard? - It was a kind of blackish, short horns, and stood high on its legs, a kind of a very dark brown.
Q. Did you see any marks on the beast? - No, I did not, I took no further notice of it, but went and washed my Horses legs, and put my horse in the stable, I left it in the pound, and went and fastened the gate.
Q. Did you see it afterwards? - I did not.
Q. Do you know whether that beast was afterwards killed? - Yes, it was, but not in my sight.
Q. Do you know whether that bullock was afterwards delivered to any body, after it was killed? - Yes, it was.
Q. Who delivered it? - My other fellow servant, I did not go with that cart.
ZACHARIAH BROOKES sworn.
Q. Where do you live? - At the bottom of Lewkner's-street, Holborn, I keep the slaughter house there.
Q. Do you recollect any beasts being brought to your slaughter-house on Friday, the 22d of May last? - Yes, I killed two for Mr. Corderoy that day, one was a cow and the other was an ox, of a black brown, more properly I may say a dark brown.


                  Q. 
               


            Had he any marks about him? - Mr. Corderoy's marks, he marks with a large G and C on the rump.
Q. With that mark was there any other mark? - Not to my recollection.
Q. Was that beast killed? - It was, it was a narrow made beast, it was in a killing condition, else it would not have been brought to me.
Q. Who was it sent home to? - To Mr. Corderoy.
Q. Did you receive any money for killing that beast? - Yes, of Mr. Corderoy's wife, to the best of my recollection.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you take particular notice of the G, C? - I did not take any particular notice. If we see a mark we are used to see we don't take particular notice of it; but if it is a mark that is not customary we take further notice of it.
Mr. Knowlys. You did not receive this beast of Corderoy himself, and you was paid by Corderoy's wife? - Yes, to the best of my recollection.
Q. You know Hellum's mark of course as you have killed for Hellum? - Yes.
Court. I suppose you slaughter every beast that is brought to your house? - Yes; it is not proper for me to enquire how they came by them.
Mr. Frebeck to Hellum. Which side was your mark? - As I stand behind the bullock it is the right hip.


                  Q. 
               


            When you made your observation on the beast, how was the beast? - Laying down in the pound, with his face towards me; I see it up afterwards. I think it laid on the left side, then of course the mark was uppermost.
Mr. Knowlys. You recollect no mark but Corderoy's that you see.
Mr. Trebeck to Hellum. Were your marks large or small? - Small.
Q. To Brookes. Was the mark small or large? - Large it generally is.
Mr. Knowlys. If this beast which you see with Corderoy's mark on it, and had at all been clipped on the off hip, as has been before represented, do you think you could fail to observe that? - Probably I might have overlooked it; beasts that came out of the country, and are jobbed about from fair to fair, have many marks on them, and I never take notice of any marks but the person's who sends them to me; if they were there I may have overlooked them.
Mr. Trebeck. Which is the off hip? - The left hip.

Q. Where you see Corderoy's mark was the right hip? - I think it was. When this beast was delivered at my house I was not at home.
Q. To Hawkes. Did you know Rose before? - Yes.
Q. When this was brought to you, was the prisoner a servant of Corderoy's? - Not to my knowledge.
Mr. Knowlys. Did not you know him in the market? - Yes.
Q. I believe you have never heard any thing contrary to the credit of his character? - I never heard any thing to his credit.
The prisoner Corderoy called two witnesses who gave him a good character.
Prisoner Rose. I know no further than going to Smithfield on Friday, and it was before my master came in, and Mr. Corderoy called me, and delivered this same bullock to me to take home, in Smithfield market, and this here laid bullock he ran down St. John's-street, up Turnmill street, and up the New Road, and that was how Mr. Hawkes came to see me up the Duke of Bedford's-walk with this bullock, and I took the bullock home along with five more beasts, and I turned the bullock up the yard and two more, and told the man to take care of it, it was rather fresh and cut down.
The prisoner Rose called four witnesses who gave him a good character.
Court. I do not put Spencer on his defence.


                  James
                   Rose
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . 


               Death
            .(Aged 21.)


                  Joseph
                   Spencer
               



            , 

               Not GUILTY
            .


                  Joseph
                   Corderoy
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .(Aged 56.)




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
