





102. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WYLD
                  




               
             was indicted, for that 


               he, on the 16th of December
, in and upon 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Wilts
                        




                     
                  , did make an assault, and in a violent and forcible manner demand his money, with intent to rob him
            .


                  THOMAS
                   WILTS
               



             sworn. - I am a labourer
: On the 16th of December, near upon five o'clock in the afternoon, I was stopped in Tothill-fields


.
Q. Had you been drinking any where in the way? - A. I had been drinking with the prisoner and two other men, they were all soldiers.
Q. Were you in liquor? - A. I was not much in liquor; I came out of the house when I had paid my reckoning, and they came out after me, and pretended to take me to their captain, they swore that I was enlisted.
Q. Were you near any house? - A. No; therewas no house near, I was going home, I live in Chelsea parish; when I came out of Tothil-fields they threw me down, and I holloaed, murder! they began to search my pockets, the prisoner, Wyld, kneeled on my throat, and swore he would have all that the old b-r had got; but they did not find my money, because it was in my fob-pocket, they had opened my breeches pocket.
Q. Had you shewn any money at the ale-house? - A. Yes; I changed half-a-guinea there.
Q. Could they see you changed the money? - A. Yes; they were close by me at the time.
Q. How long did they continue searching you? - A. A man came by and interrupted them, and they all three ran away; the prisoner was on about thirty yards, and then dropped on his face, and pretended he was asleep.


                  JAMES
                   DANIEL
               



             sworn. - On the 16th of December, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I heard a cry of murder! and before I came up to them, I heard a man say, if you rob me, spare my life; when I came within five yards. I asked if they were going to murder the man; and they all three rose up and ran away towards Rochester-row. the prisoner was the hindermost person, he ran about thirty yards and laid down; when I came up to him, I roused him, and said, he must get up; he said, I had no business with him, for he was not one of them, upon that I took him to Mr. Blythe, the constable.


                  JAMES
                   BLYTHE
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; when the prisoner was brought to me, he said, he was asleep in the fields, and he afterwards said, he meant to take the man to Chelsea, that he was inlisted for a soldier.
Prisoner's defence. When I got into this man's company first, he asked me to have a share of a pot of beer with him, which I did, and we got as much as five or six pots, and then he went to the door, and pretended to make water, and ran away, and the landlord went after him, and fetched him back again; he said, he liked soldiers' company very well, and asked if I thought he would do for a soldier
; and I told him I would give him a shilling, and he should be a soldier, and then he went to the door under pretence of making water, and ran away, and then I did strike him.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 24.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
