





143. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     RICHARDSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Harris
                     




                  , about the hour of twelve in the night of the 19th of January
, with intent the goods in the said dwelling-house burglariously to steal, and stealing a silk handkerchief, value 2s. two calico shirts, value 4s. two cloth coats, value 40s. two waistcoat, value 10s. a waistcoat piece, value 2s. a satin waistcoat, value 5s. a pair of cloth breeches, value 5s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 2s. a red cloak, trimmed with fur, value 8s. a satin cloak, trimmed with lace, value 8s. a check apron, value 3d. a calico gown, value 8s. and a leg of mutton, value 6s. the property of the said 
                     
                        Edward
                         Harris
                     



.
EDWARD HARRIS sworn. - I keep a house in Parsons-street, Ratcliff-highway


.
Q.Was your house broke open at any time? - A. That part was only fastened with a string, it was a new erection, and no lock had been put upon it.
Q. Did any body sleep in it? - A. It was used as a kitchen to dress victuals in.
Q. Did this erection join your premises? - A. It was at the back of the shop; there were two walls on each side, and the kitchen was built up against the further part of the wall.
Q. So that there was such a communication, that it made a part of your house? - A. Yes; the robbery was done on the Saturday night, between the time of our going to bed, and the time of rising in the morning.
Q. Did you lose all the articles in the indictment? - A. Yes, and something more; there is part of them in the hands of the Police-officers; Isaw them on the Monday following at Shadwell office, and also the prisoner.


                  SARAH
                   HARRIS
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of the last witness; we had erected a new kitchen about two yards from the house; it is connected with the house by a wall: On Saturday night, the 19th of January, I was the last person in the kitchen; I left it a few minutes before eleven o'clock; I put a string round a nail outside of the door, which was all the fastening we had to it; all the other parts of the house were fastened; I came down the next morning between eight and nine o'clock, and missed all the things mentioned in the indictment; they were in the wardrobe; I have seen them since at the Shadwell office; I had never seen the prisoner till I saw him at the office.


                  EDWARD
                   ROGERS
               



             sworn. - I belong to the Public-office, at Shadwell: On Sunday morning, the 20th of January, we had notice that Harris's house had been robbed; we went and examined the premises, and found a dustman's ladder against a wall in the public-house yard adjoining Harris's premises, where we found the marks of feet; the adjoining premises had been robbed also; Harris described to us the sort of articles he had lost, in consequence of which we searched after the prisoner, and between eleven and twelve the same morning, Elbe and I saw him coming out of a public-house, the Bull's-head, Ratcliff-highway; he had upon him some of Mr. Harris's property, which I helped to strip off; a silk handkerchief from his neck, and a calico shirt; we took them from him; and on the Monday following, he was examined, and Mrs. Harris swore to the property, and he was committed. I asked him, in the presence of Elbe, the other officer, where he had got this shirt; first he said, he had paid two-pence for the washing of it that morning; I asked him who the washer-woman was; then he said, he had bought it of a man in Rosemary-lane; I asked him who the man was; and then he said, he had bought it in a shop in Rosemary-lane, but could not tell me the shop.


                  WILLIAM
                   ELBE
               



             sworn. - I am a constable belonging to the Police-office, Shadwell: On the 20th of January, in the morning, I heard of two houses being broke open in Ratcliff-highway; I got information where the prisoner was, at the Bull's-head, and I went and took him; that was about eleven o'clock, he was lying asleep upon a bench; I took him to a public-house opposite our office, and asked him where he got that shirt; he said, from his washerwoman. Here is a glove which I found upon him, and there is the fellow glove in Court, which was found upon the premises; the next witness will produce it.
CORNELIUS RICHARDSON sworn. - I am an extra constable of Shadwell: On the 20th of January, I received information of Harris's house being broke open; I went up with Elbe and Rogers, and, in the public-house yard adjoining, I found this glove; there was a dust ladder standing against the wall; I picked the glove up, and I asked the landlord of the public-house, if he knew any thing of it; he said, no; I chucked it down again; and when the other glove was found upon the prisoner, I ran back and fetched this, (producing it). The prisoner had worked for a dustman in the neighbourhood.


                  JOHN
                   GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Lambeth-street office: On Wednesday, January 30, I received information of these houses having been broke open, and at the same time was informed where the property was; I went and found them in a shed in the dust-yard belonging to one Reeves, near Old Gravel-lane, wrapped up in a red cloak, as they now appear. (Produces them).
Q. You know of no connection between this shed and the prisoner? - A. No.(The property was deposed to by Mrs. Harris).
Prisoner's defence. I bought the shirt in Rosemary-lane, for three shillings and sixpence, and I bought the handkerchief of one 
               
                  Mary
                   Brown
               



            , about a fortnight before I was taken.


                  GEORGE
                   MILLER
               



             sworn. - I am a dust-boy; I work where the ladder was taken from, about a quarter of a mile from Mr. Harris's premises; it was a dust ladder.
GUILTY (Aged 29.)
Of 


               stealing, value 39s. but not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
