





285. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of April
, a silk cloak, value 10s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Clarke
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   CLARKE Sworn
               



            .
I am a servant
 to Mr. Bristow. I went to pay a visit to a friend, Mr. Smith, in Charles street, Hatton garden


; I lost the cloak there, out of a room where I was in. I went to his house at four o'clock, it was taken away about twenty minutes or half an hour before seven. The prisoner was in the room when I left the room.
Q. Was he one of the company? - No, he was nothing to me; it is a public house. I knew nothing further of him than his using the house.
Q. Was his cloak left in the tap room? - No, next to the tap room.
Q. Were there many other people in that room besides you and the prisoner? - There was myself, Mr. Smith and his mother, and the prisoner, and two more people; I left the room and went into the bar, and the prisoner was in the room when I left the room.
Q. Were the other people left in the room with the prisoner? - Yes, two more people; but the prisoner was the last that left the room.
Q. How do you know it? - There wasno other person that went into the room, after he was gone, but myself.
Q. Did you go into the room and find him alone? - No, I was the next person that went into the room, I went in for my cloak, and he was gone.
Q. Did you see him in the room by himself? - Yes, and he came to the bar, I see him through the bar window, by himself, Mr. Smith was gone out about some business, and I said to Mrs. Smith -
Q. Did you ever find your cloak? - Yes, I was going home, and I called at a pawnbroker's in Shoe-lane, and I found it at the pawnbroker's; I knew it by the lace, and two joinings in the hood, and it is my own making.
Mr. Knowlys. This little room where you went with Mr. Smith and his mother, opens into the tap room? - No, it opens into a little passage, close by the tap room.
Q. Now, there were two persons there, strangers to you, besides this man, and you left these persons in the room likewise, as well as this man? - Yes.
Q. For a considerable time? - It might be half an hour, or not so much.
Q. You left these three persons in the room, and they went out at different times? - The woman and the other man went out partly together.
Q. There was a woman in the house, a stranger to you? - Yes, a stranger to me, but not to the house.
SMITH Sworn.
Q. Are you the master of the public house in Charles-street, Hatton street? - Yes
Q. Then you know 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Clarke
               



            ? - Yes.
Q. Was she in a room adjoining to the tap room? - Yes, she was.
Q. Do you remember the day? - The 16th of April, on Thursday; I believe it was about five o'clock in the afternoon; the prisoner came into the room soon after; there were two or three people there.
Q. Do you know whether any cloak was missing of Mrs. Clarke's? - I had occasion to go out on a little business, when I came back I was informed that a cloak was lost; a person was going into the country from my house, I told her I would see her to the stage, and after that would go to as many pawnbrokers as I could; that evening, going down Shoe-lane, I went to Mr. Cottle, and found the cloak there; Mr. Clarke was with me.
Mr. Knowlys. Who were these other persons who were in the tap room? Do you know their names? - I know each of their names, I have known them for some time, they have used my house.
Q.And so had the prisoner? - Yes, he had.
Q. He did not come in with these other persons? - He did not.
Q. Your house is a house of a good deal of business? - We do a good deal of business.
Q. There was a good many people in the tap room? - It is a time of day that we are rather slack of business; our business runs in the morning, middle of the day, and evening,
Q. Probably not less than ten or twelve at that time? - I cannot say the number; in the course of the time the prisoner at the bar was in the house, there might be fifty people, but not to stop.
Q. I believe the prisoner came the next morning again? - No, I see the prisoner the same evening.
Q. Did you inform him there had been a cloak lost? - I did. The day following likewise I see him.
Q.Did you then inform him again of a cloak being lost? - I did.
Q. Did the prisoner, though he knewof a cloak being lost, attempt to make his escape? - No, he did not; I told him that I thought he was sober by this time, and spent all his money; he told me that he had not spent all his money, and particularly mentioned the cloak.
Q. That he had not spent all the money that he had got for the cloak? - Yes.
Q. You was examined before the justice, was not you? - Not till after he was taken up.
Q. You were then on your oath. Did you ever mention any thing like this before the justice? - I was not asked any question.
Q. Did you know this then or not? - Yes, I perfectly knew it, for he insulted me when I went to him, he acknowledged he had spent the money he had got for the cloak.
Q. He insulted you? - He made use of language that is not proper to mention in this court, nor any where else.
Q. So you knew this before the justice, and never mentioned a word of it? - I considered it would be impertinent in me not to mention more than I was asked; the justice put many questions to me, and when I was on an argument, he said, it is not necessary for you to say any thing, but answer the questions I ask you. I I give you my word I forgive him.
Q. I should like some how or other, to know what he said to you, because we see how far your forgiveness goes. How did he abuse you, did he call you a thief? - No, he did not; when I went in, he says, Smith, how are you, my boy? you are a good natured fellow; I said Mr. Thomas, I am come about more serious business; he said -
Q. What day was this? - This I think was the day following.
Q. Was that the day that he told you that he had not spent all the money for the cloak? - Yes.
Q. Do you mean that you took him up that day? - I will recollect myself if you please. He was taken up on Saturday, but I think he told me this on Friday. The prosecutor lives in the country. He was taken up at the Coach and Horses, in Holborn.
Q. That was the very place where you had seen him before, in the same place where he had made this confession to you as you would have us believe? - He certainly did.


                  CHRISTIANA
                   LOVEY
               



             sworn.
The prisoner brought a cloak to my place, my husband is a taylor, we live in Stonecutter-street.
Q.When did he bring the cloak to you? - On the 16th, on Thursday night, between six and seven, I am not positive to a few minutes. The prisoner said, that he had a little money to raise, that he had a bill or execution to pay, and he had but an hour to pay it, and he was short, and he had taken his wife's cloak to raise the money with. I see the cloak, but I can say nothing about it, I was big with child.
Q. Was it a black silk cloak? - Yes.
Q. Had it lace on it? - Yes. He said he could not go out of the place, because the people were after him, he wanted some person at my house to go to a pawn broker's with it, he asked me to go.
Mr. Knowlys. This cloak was pawned as your cloak? - No, I suppose not.
Q. Did you carry it yourself? - No, my little girl.


                  WILLIAM
                   PHILLIPS
               



             Sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, servant to Mr. Cottle; I produce a black silk cloak.
Q. Who pawned it with you? - 
               
                  Mary
                   Lovey
               



            , the daughter of Christiana Lovey. On Thursday the 16th of April, between the hours of six and seven.

Q. Did you give any duplicate? - Yes, in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Lovey
               



            .
Q. You have kept it from that time to this? - Yes.
Mr. Knowlys. This was pawned in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Lovey
               



            ? - Yes, it was.
Q. To 
               
                  Christiana
                   Lovey
               



            . How old is your daughter? - Going of eleven.
Q. Did the prisoner give it your daughter in your presence? - Yes. My daughter pawned it directly.


                  THOMAS
                   MAXWELL
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Hatton-garden.
Q. Did you take up this prisoner? - On Sunday, the 18th of April, I took him out of a public house, the Coach and Horses, Holborn, took him to the office, searched him, and found nothing on him.
Prosecutor. It is my cloak.


                  SARAH
                   ANN LOVEY
               



            .
Q. What will become of you if you tell a story? - Go the naughty man.
Mr. Knowlys. Have you ever been taught your catechism? - No.
Q. Do you ever say your prayers? - Yes, night and morning.
Q. What prayers do you say? - Our Father, &c.
Q. Do you know whether it is a good thing or a bad thing to tell a story? - It is a bad thing.
Q. Did you ever take an oath in your life? - No.
Q. You was before the justice, did he ask you to take an oath? - No.
Sworn.
Court. Look at that man, do you know him? - Yes.
Q. Had you ever seen him in your house? - Yes. He came and asked my daddy something; my daddy was at work, and my daddy told him to go into the other room.
Q.Did he bring any thing at any time when he came to your house? - Yes; he fetched a black cloak once.
Q. Do you know what day it was? - I believe it was Thursday.
Q. Were your mother there at that time? - Yes, she was at work.
Q. What did you do with that cloak? - He told me to go to the pawnbrokers with it, in shoe-lane.
Q. Did you carry the same cloak you received of him to the pawnbroker? - Yes.
Mr. Knowlys. Did your mammy see what passed? - Yes, she did.
Q. Did not your mammy tell you to pawn it? - No, he did.
Q. What is your mammy's name? - Lovey; I don't know her other name.
Q. What name did you pawn it in? - In my mother's, because I did not rightly know his name.
Q. You pawned it in your mother's christian name? - Mr. Cottle did not ask me what was the name, for he always puts it in that name, because he knows the name.
Q. To Phillips. How came you to put it in the name of Mary? - Her mother is always put down in that name in our shop.
Q.Has this little girl ever been to pawn things for the mother before? - Yes, a great many times; the mother has used the shop for ten or eleven years.
Q. Did you put down the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Lovey
               



             from the girl's giving in that name, or the mother's giving in that name? - I cannot tell.
Q. To the Girl. Do you think you should know the cloak again? - Yes, I should.
Mr. Knowlys. Your mamma and papaused Mr. Smith's house? - No, they did not.
Prisoner. I know nothing at all about it. The reason that brought me to Mr. Lovey's house, he had made clothes for me before, and when I went there were two or three in his house. That is all I know about it.
The prisoner called four witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 46.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex jury before Mr. RECORDER.
