






171. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JELLISON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BELLAMY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of February
, 17000 needles, value 3l. 30000 pins, value 2l. four pounds weight of pound pins, value 8s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Coucher
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Finch
                        



                     
                   in their dwelling house
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  ROBERT
                   KIRBY
               



             sworn.
I am a shopman to 
               
                  Richard
                   Coucher
               



             and John Finch at No. 46, Cannon-street




Q. Do you remember packing up any pins on the 7th of February? - On the 7th of February in the morning there came two foreigners to our house to buy some pins and needles by way of a sample, and I looked out seventeen thousand needles, and a quantity of pins, two half dozen of full whites, two packets of flat heads, a dozen of three and a half middlings, one dozen of best middlings; I see the goods packed, I was by all the time they were packed about nine o'clock on Friday morning, that was the same morning the foreigners had bought them.
Q. Is the person here that put them in? - No, I see them packed in a parcel, they were in different parcels each separate and then packed together in one paper parcel, then they were deposited in a place in the shop, I saw them, they ordered them to go on Saturday morning at half past eight o'clock to Angel-inn, Angel-street, room 25. Mr. Dupont, the foreigner, ordered them, this was the next day. I saw them put bye, in a window behind the door of the shop.
Q. How late had you seen them on the 7th of February? - I did not see them after they were put there, about ten o'clock on Friday morning. On Saturday morning at half past eight o'clock, I ordered the porter to take them.
Q. Is your masters a wholesale or a retail shop? - Both.
Q. Did you go to see whether they were missing? - I did and I found them missing, then I acquainted Mr. Finch of it, and he looked for them and could not find them.
Q. Have you seen these Needles and pins since? - Yes.
Q.In whose possession are they now? - In Nowland's, the officer's possession.
Q. Was you able to know them to be your property? - Yes.
Q. Did you see any thing of them before they were in Nowland's possession? - No, I did not.
Q. When you saw them in Nowland's possession, was you able to identify them as your masters property? - I was
Q. You was not present at the apprehension of either of the prisoners? - No, I was not.
Q. Did you know either of the prisoners before? - No; when I came before the justice, I went along with the police officer to Whitechapel, there I saw the two prisoners, and Jellison said that he had bought them at our house a month ago.

Q. Did the magistrate take it down in writing? - Not that I know of, I took it down.
Mr. Knowlys. I am counsel for Jellison.
Q. Is there any other shopman of your shop here to day? - No.
Q. You did not see the parcel after ten that day? - No, I did not.
Q. You did not see it in the evening of that day? - I did not look for it.
Q. This parcel was put on a window behind the shop door? - It was.
Q. That is within the view of all the persons who are serving in the shop? - No, it is not, because the door stands against it, the door stands open and that blocks the window up, there is a brass grating which secures the window from any person without.
Q. So that any person could not have taken it from the street? - No, they could not, there was no glass broke.
Q. Even if they had broke in the glass they could not get it through the wire? - They could not.
Q. How near is this to the counter where you served? - The space of a yard and a half I suppose.
Q. Had you any workmen employed about your house that day? - O! yes, several.
Q. That was what I wanted to know, I believe suspicion fell on some of the workmen of the house? - No, I did not entertain an idea of it.
Q. Was there no suspicion mentioned in the house that it was probably done by some of the workmen in the house? was not it talked of? - It was talked of.
Q. That was what I wanted to know; How soon do you shut up shop? - At eight o'clock in the evening.
Q. How many workmen were there in the house? - I cannot say, seven or eight, or ten, perhaps more than that, they are not in the house, they come in and out of the shop.
Q. This man you never saw in the shop? - No.
Mr. Knapp. Then whoever committed this robbery must have come into the house? - Certainly.
Q. Pray is there no private door to your house? - None.
Q. What are your masters Names? - Richard Coucher and 
               
                  John
                   Finch
               



            .
Q. Which of them lives in the house? - John Finch only.


                  JOHN
                   FINCH
               



             sworn.
I am in partnership with Mr. Coucher.
Q. Was you so on the 7th of February? - I was.
Q.Who lives in this house? - I do.
Q. Who pays the rent of the house? - We jointly pay for it together.
Q. Then the rent and the taxes are both paid out of the partnership account? - It is.


                  JOHN
                   NOWLAND
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to the police of Whitechapel. In consequence of information on the 8th of February, I went to Jellison's house, when I first went there it was about six o'clock in the morning.
Q. Where did Jellison live? - In Winfield-court, Winfield-street, Spitalfields.
Q. How do you know it to be Jellison's house? - I knew him to have lived there sometime.
Q. When you went there what did you observe? - I watched there till about seven o'clock.
Q. Was Jellison at home when you went? - He was not at home when I went into the house; at seven o'clock Iwent home to my own house, and returned again a little before nine when I found him at home, I went to his house in company with John Griffiths another officer, Jellison, as soon as I went in asked me how I was? he knew me before and I knew him; I told him I was very well, and that I had some information of some property being in his house; he told me he believed he knew what I wanted in his house; he asked me if I had an information of some stolen butter being in his house? I told him I had, I searched about and did not find any thing for some time, I searched at last in the cupboard in the first floor, and found a quantity of needles and pins, (I had been up stairs before,) they were in a brown paper, I took them and have had them in my custody ever since; I found also a quantity of pins wrapped up in a blue apron laying on a table; I asked Jellison what was in these paper parcels? he told me pins.
Q. Where these quantity of pins wrapped up in the blue apron in paper parcels? - Yes, they were in separate papers not loose, I asked him what they were? he told me pins, I asked him how he came by them? he told me he bought part at the foot of London-bridge, and part in Cannon-street; I asked him what quantity there were? he said twelve thousand, speaking of both the pins and needles. I asked him how long since he had bought them? he told me three or four weeks; I searched his pockets and found some papers of pins and needles. Bellamy was there, I asked him who Bellamy was? he was there when I first went in.
Q. Did Bellamy go up stairs with you? - No.
Q. Was it after you found the things or before that you asked him who Bellamy was? - After I had found the things.
Q. What answer did he give you to that? - He told me he was a watchman in the City; I searched Bellamy's pocket, I found nothing in his pocket, Jellison begged I would not meddle with Bellamy, he told me he would take all on himself if there was any thing wrong in his house. I told him I thought it proper to take Bellamy and him before the magistrate; in consequence of which I did take them both before the magistrate and they were committed.
Q. Did you find any more pins in that house? - There were some more found in the afternoon, but I was not there.
Mr. Knowlys. You was examined before the magistrate, was not you? - Yes.
Q. There you related all that you have told us? - Yes.
Q. You related this conversation that passed between Jellison and you; "how long he had bought them, and where he had bought them," it was read over to you? - It was.
Q. It is a little unfortunate here that there is nothing of this, that you have said Jellison said to you, in it? - I told the clerk what he told me.
Q. When the clerk read it over to you, you said, why here you have made a great mistake? - The clerk puts down what is material.
Q. Did not you tell the clerk, it is very strange that you have just omitted this account that I have just sworn to? Did you swear before the magistrate that Jellison gave this account of the things? - Yes, according to the examination I did.
Q. Did you before the magistrate swear that Jellison told you that he bought part at London-bridge, and part in Cannon-street? - I did, but the clerk does not put down all the things that are mentioned.

Mr. Raine. I am for Bellamy. You told us that you searched Bellamy's pockets and found nothing on him, then you told us that the other prisoner in terms acquitted him of all blame. Did not you see some pigs heads in Jellison's house? - Yes.
Q. Do you happen to know that Bellamy came into the house to bargain for a pig's head? - He told the magistrate so.
Q. You don't know that of your own knowledge? - I do not.
Court. What is Jellison's business, a butter shop or something of that kind? - It is a house for receiving stolen goods.
Prisoner Jellison. Ask him whether he did not turn the bed and bedstead up, when he went up stairs with me? - I did part of it.
Q. Did not you ask me in the office where they came from? now if I had told you in the house where they came from what business had you to ask me in the office? - I did not ask you in the office.


                  JOHN
                   GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn.
I am a police officer, I went to Jellison's house with Nowland, and was informed that some stolen goods had been carried in there; in a closet I see a quantity of needles, I believe it is a closet, it was at the right hand going at the door, I stood inside of the door while he searched the house.
Q. Did you go up with Nowland? - I did not. Part of the pins were in a blue apron laying on the table on the left hand door, I see them in the apron; after that Bellamy being in the house with him we took Bellamy into custody, and brought them both to the magistrate.
Q. Did you see Bellamy searched? - Yes, did.
Q. Was any thing found upon him? - Not in that house to my knowledge.
Q. Did you afterwards go any where to Bellamy's house? - I did, I was informed where he lived, I went with Hanson there, I did not know it was his house of my own knowledge; it is in Blue Anchor-court, or yard, Rosemary-lane.
Q. What did you find there? - I see Hanson with a paper of Needles I believe.
Q. Did you find any thing else there? - Nothing more.
Q. What did you do with these needles? - We brought them along to the magistrate.
Q. Bellamy was not with you at this time? - He was not. When we went into the court the neighbours told us which was Bellamy's house. When the needles were brought to the magistrate they were owned by Mr. Finch, he was there.
Q. Did you hear Bellamy say any thing about his house? - No, never.
Q. Is there any other witness that knows it to be Bellamy's house? - Not as I know of his own knowledge.


                  WILLIAM
                   HANSON
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to the police, Whitechapel.
Q. Did you go with Griffiths to an house in Blue Anchor-court, or yard? - Yes.
Q. Did you know whose house it was? - Bellamy's house, he told me himself, he told me in the first place that he lived at No. 19, Rosemary-lane, at a public house, I went and that was not the house, I came back and asked him how he came to tell me wrong? and he told me it was No. 19, Blue Anchor-yard, then I went to No. 19, Blue Anchor yard, it comes into Rosemary-lane. I searched his apartment there, he has only a lower room in that house, his name was wrote on the door of the room that I searched, Bellamy.
Q. You went into that room where Bellamy was wrote on the door? - Yes, I did.
Q. What did you find there? - I found these needles in a box in the room.
Jury. Did you find any more than that parcel? - No. When I shewed them to the prosecutor he said he had lost a large quantity of the same kind as those; it is a very small quantity not above two or three.
Q. Did you find any thing else? - No. thing else.
Q. You went back and took these to the magistrate? - I did, and they were committed.
Q. The prosecutor can speak to these needles? - He said he had lost a large quantity of needles of the same mark as on that paper.
Mr. Raine. The direction Bellamy gave you was No. 19, Rosemary-lane? - It was.
Q. And you afterwards found his house was No. 19, Blue Anchor-yard, Rosemary-lane? - It was.
Q. Do you know his wife was a quilter? - I don't know, there was some such thing in the house as patch work.
Q. There was the appearance of needle work going forward? - There was.
Court to Hanson. Where were these needles laying? - In a box there was other clothes and some of this patch stuff in the box, it was a large clothes chest.
Court to Nowland. How came you to go to this house of Jellison's so early as six in the morning? - I received a general information against Jellison's house that some stolen goods had gone in there.
Mr. Knowlys. You looked on Jellison as a since, as a receiver of stolen goods? - I did.
Fincb. I can identify one of the parcels as being one sold to the foreigners that morning, it is one of the pockets of flat head pins. I happened to be standing by while the foreigners were choosing there articles, and I saw one of them mark this parcel. Here is a box of Needles which I had out of the country, I know it by the word Milliner being wrote on this side, it is to mention that they are for the milliners use; they came up so marked in this way; that box had not been opened till these foreigners came on that morning, so that I could have sold none of that parcel, I am sure that these needles are the only parcels that have been sold out of that box, I have the remainder now.
Q. What is your belief of all the rest? - I believe they are all the same parcel as sold to the foreigners, the flat heads and these needles, I am perfectly confident of; in consequence of having lost this parcel, I went into my counting house to look over the remainder of my stock of needles, which I very well recollected, that parcel which I missed was marked to the best of my recollection as near to this as could be, but that was no part of the things sold to the foreigners.
Prisoner Jellison. I have one thing to ask; who produced that paper of pins, which he swears so positively to the mark? they were not brought in till the second hearing.
Nowland. They all came out of Jellison's house.
Hanson. I found this small parcel in Jellison's house, in the evening, at thesecond search, between the bed and the sacking.
Q. When was it you went a second time to this house? - About six o'clock on Saturday evening.
Q. Had you found any needles and pins there before? - I had not been in Jellison's house.
Court to Nowland. You have stated that you went up stairs, and Jellison with you, that you searched up stairs, and found nothing, and then came down again. Was that in the morning or evening? - Morning.
Q. You never mentioned a word of your having gone a second time? - I did not go, Hanson went.
Court to Hanson. You said nothing in your exnmination about being to Jellison's? - I thought the counsel was instructed, and he would ask me the question. I went to Jellison's about six o'clock, and I found this parcel of flat head pins, and another parcel; I rolled the bed up, and between the sacking I found these quantity of pins; I took them to the office.
Prisoner Jellison. The witness before has sworn that he looked at my premises, and saw nothing, and there was no such thing present; from that moment I was taken into custody he never let me go; these were never brought against me for three days afterwards.
The prisoner Jellison called Sarah Monday who deposed she knew him.


                  John
                   Jellison
               



            , 


               GUILTY
            .
Of stealing but not in the dwelling house.(Aged 33.)




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  Thomas
                   Bellamy
               



            , 

               Not GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
