





345. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MURRAY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of March
, six pounds weight of copper, value 4 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Warner
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   WARNER
               



             sworn.
I am a fonder
, coppersmith
 and brazier
; I live in Fleet-street


; this man worked for me between four and five years as a porter
 and labourer
. On the 8th of March at breakfast time one of my men brought me word, as I was sitting at breakfast; I am sure, says he, I have found out the thief, he said, that he had followed the prisoner from my house to Fleet-lane to an old iron shop, and he see him pull the copper out from under his apron.
THOMAS STUBBS sworn.
I am a workman of Mr. Warner's. On the 8th of March about breakfast time, nine o'clock, the time of our going out to breakfast, I followed this man into Wine Office-court, and seeing himturn about and lean against the place I suspected him, and from there I followed him into Fleet-lane to an old iron shop, and there I saw him take this metal and put it into the scale; I went into the shop immediately and laid hold of him and metal, and brought him to my master; he wanted to get from me; it is ridges of copper work; I know it to be my master's property; it was cut from a tea kettle.
Prisoner. You said at first it was cut off from a candlestick feet? - I never said such a thing.
Prisoner. Before we came out to breakfast there were five men working together, as close as we could; there was a woman out of doors who begged me to sell it for her; so by her persuasion I went to sell it for her, when I was talking to the woman in Fleet-market I see Mr. Stubbs, but had no notion he was looking after me.
The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
