





10. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HOARE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of October
, one wooden trunk, value 2 s. one deal box, value 6 d. seven yards of printed cotton, value 1 l. four cheque aprons, value 6 d. two linen shirts, value 7 s. three cotton half shawls, value 2 s. two printed cotton gowns, value 7 s. one dimity petticoat, value 4 s. one stuff petticoat, value 7 s. one linen handkerchief, value 1 s. two muslin half shawls, value 1 s. one muslin apron, value 4 s. four muslin caps, value 2 s. one linen night cap, value 6 d. one cloth apron, value 2 s. one pair of lawn robbins, value 1 s. one muslin tucker, value 1 s. one printed muslin half shawl, value 1 s. one printed bound book, value 1 s. one printed half bound book, value 1 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Richardson
                  




               
            , spinster
.


                  MARY
                   RICHARDSON
               



             sworn.
I am servant
 to 
               
                  Robert
                   Bevis
               



            , Sloan-street, Chelsea; I lost the articles mentioned in the indictment, as I was coming from Stapleton in Essex, in a single horse chaise with my master; it was tied behind the chaise; the last place I saw it behind the chaise, was at Woodford-brige; I did not miss it till we got to Chelsea; it was about five o'clock in the afternoon we were at Woodford-bridge. and we got to Chelsea about twenty minutes before eight; it was fixed on one side with a strap, and the other with an hamming line; I lost it on Saturday the 20th of October, and I saw it again on Wednesday the 24th, before the Lord Mayor, just in the same state as when I lost it, there was all there; I knew it to be my trunk, there was my name on the box; there are none of the articles with marks on them; I can swear to some, the petticoat is marked with a piece of black thread.
Mr. Garrow. It was very dark when you came to London? - It was.


                  WILLIAM
                   BIRD
               



             sworn.
I am a milkman; on the 20th of October last I was walking along Fleet-street


 with Mr. Greaves about seven o'clock in the evening; I saw the prisoner at the bar, with two other men, running a little distance behind a single horse chaise, I said to Mr. Greaves, it is my opinion they are going to rob that chaise; I immediately ran across the way, a little distance behind, and Mr. Greaves after me; between Temple-lane and Temple-bar, I saw the prisoner run behind the single horse chaise close, and put his left hand on the trunk that was behind it, and by a motion which I saw in his right arm, I supposed in myself he was cutting what it was fastened on with. Just as the chaise got up to the brink of the Bar the other men got up likewise to the chaise, and one of the other two, and the prisoner at the bar, took hold of it and lifted it from behind the chaise, and I immediately ran up to the prisoner, and he and the other man had the trunk in their possession when I took hold of them.
Q. Are you sure when you took hold of them, the prisoner had hold of the trunk? - Positively, I struck the prisoner with a stick, that I had in my hand, and then took hold of him, and he let go and dropped the trunk; taking hold of him he plunged away from me, and I pursued him immediately, and in the high road, opposite Bell-yard, I struck him again with the stick I had in my hand; he still continued running till he came to the end of Apollo-court, where I overtook him again, and knocked him down; I neverlost sight of him; I never was five yards from him; I took hold of him, and Mr. Greaves came to my assistance, and we took him to the watchhouse of St. Dunstan's; I then went to the bar, and when I came to the bar, a coachman said, here my friend, here is the trunk; he was sitting on it.
Q. Did you make observation enough of the trunk to know that was the trunk? - I cannot positively say that it was the same I saw behind the chaise; I said to the coachman, I am much obliged to you, and I took hold of it and carried it to the watchhouse.
Q Should you know it again, was it in court? - Yes.
Mr. Garrow. What sort of a night was it? - A bright star light night, rather remarkable light than otherwise.
Q. You had not seen the prisoner before? - Yes, I had seen the prisoner before many times.
Q. Where is Apollo-court? - It is between Temple-bar and Chancery-lane, it turns up by Salkeild, the pawnbrokers.
Prisoner. The witness Bird has been in the Bail-dock with me, and he said he knew and would not hurt me.
- GREAVES sworn.
I am a glazier; I was in company with Mr. Bird, on Saturday the 20th of October; I was in Fleet-street about seven o'clock in the evening; I saw two men in company with the prisoner come up Fleet-street; I saw a chaise a little way before me, the horse was on a trot, and these people seemed running after the chaise, as I judged; I and Mr. Bird followed them, and when they came within an hundred or an hundred and fifty yards of the bar, the chaise had come to a walk, because it could not go on so fast for the carriages; I then saw two men turn out into the street, out of the path way into the road way; there was an hackney coach standing close by the pavement; I went behind the hackney coach, and the prisoner in company with the others had got the trunk off the chaise; I directly pursued them; one ran through the bar, and two ran back into Fleet-street; the prisoner was one; I pursued the other and he got away; I saw which way the prisoner took, and when I came up, I supposed he had been knocked down, for he was then sitting on the ground, close by Apollo court, on the path way; there was a scuffle ensued about getting him away; they tried to get him away.
Q. Did you loose sight of him after that? - Never afterwards till we got him to the watchhouse; the next day we took him before a magistrate.
Q. What became of the trunk? - I saw the trunk standing on the pavement, and a coachman was sitting on it, at Mr. Child's the banker's door; I brought the trunk to the watchhouse; I have kept it ever since Monday, when it was taken before the Lord Mayor, where it was sealed in order to be advertised.


                  ROBERT
                   BEVIS
               



             sworn.
I am a baker; on the 20th of October I set off about half after five in the morning to go down to Stapleton; I got there about ten o'clock; I stopped and breakfasted there; the trunk was put on the chaise at Stapleton; I saw it afterwards on the chaise at Woodford-bridge; I came through London, I should imagine about seven o'clock; I came through Whitechapel, Leadenhall-street, and Fleet-street, Temple-bar, and the Strand; I cannot swear to the trunk, but I can to the straps.


                  WILLIAM
                   MARSH
               



             sworn.
I am ward beadle; all I know is that from a letter in the box, I found out the prosecutor of the box and contents. (Produced, and deposed to by MaryRichardson, and the straps that was cut, deposed to by Mr. Bevis.)
Prisoner. Bird has been with me in the Bail-dock, and wished me to shake hands; says he, Hoare, I have known you some time, I cannot say you was the person.
Bird. He sent a young woman to me to desire me to step into the Bail-dock, for he wanted to speak to me. I was prevailed upon and went; says he, Mr. Bird, you will make the matter easy, and there should be no money wanted. He sent for some wine, but I did not stay till it came.
Prisoner. Upon your oath did I offer you any money.
Bird. He said he would give 10 or 12 guineas to make the matter easy. I told him as for money I did not want it; Greaves was with me.
Court to Greaves. Did you hear what past? - He said you will make the matter as easy as you can; my mother is in possession of a good deal of money; there shall not be any money wanted. I told him my friend I believe money will be of very little matter in this business.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 26.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
