





4. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     DURHAM
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Cutt
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of nine in the night, on the 11th of November
 last, and burglariously stealing therein eight shirts, value 2 l. two shifts, value 9 s. two pair of hose, value 2 s. four frocks, value 4 s. one coloured gown, value 5 s. one bed gown, value 1 s. two white petticoats, value 2 s. and divers other things
            , the property of the said 
               
                  John
                   Cutt
               



            .


                  AMELIA
                   CUTT
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 33, Eagle-street, Red-lion-square


; my brother keeps the house; it is a coal-shed; there are seven in family; the upper part of the house is let to one family. I looked at my watch a quarter before nine on the 11th of November; I was crossing the passage from the parlour to the bedroom, I saw the prisoner coming down stairs with a bundle; he dropt it on the stairs; he said nothing to me; he came to me; he came to the bottom of the stairs, and I collared him, and cried, Brother, brother, a thief, a thief, a thief! He gave me a blow on the breast, and ran out of the house; he left the bundle behind him. My brother pursued him immediately; he was brought back in less than ten minutes. I am positive the prisoner is the person who ran out of the house. The street-door is always open on account of the shop; he ran out at that door; the parlour door was open, and I had a candle in my hand, so that there was light both ways. The prisoner was taken to the watch-house; the constable has the bundle.


                  JOHN
                   CUTT
               



             sworn.
I live in Eagle-street; I am a housekeeper. On the 13th of November, about a quarter before nine, I was sitting in my parlour, I heard my sister cry out, Brother, brother, a thief! I got up, and ran out; I saw the prisoner in the passage running out; I had a very good view of him, because there is a very good light; my sister had a candle in her hand. I pursued him into Holborn; as he turned the corner of Dean-street I lost sight of him; that may be 20 yards. Mr. Walker stopped him in Holborn. I went up to them. The prisoner is the man that I saw run out of the house. When he was brought back, he said, he was not the man. He was taken to the watch-house.
- WALKER sworn.
I heard the alarm before he ran out about a quarter of a minute; the man that came out of the house came out stumbling; he ran past me; I endeavoured to lay hold of him, but I missed him the first time; I then followed him down Dean street about threescore yards; I seized him in Holborn by the skirt of his coat; he struck back at me; I caught his arm, and held him by that arm and his collar; he swore at me, and asked what I wanted; I told him, I did not want him, it was those who called after him that wanted him. Mr. Cutt then came up; he was secured, and brought back. I never was three yards from him.


                  JAMES
                   HODGES
               



             sworn.
I am constable of the parish. I produce the things mentioned in the indictment.(Deposed to by the prosecutor and 
               
                  Amelia
                   Cutt
               



            .) They were taken out of three drawers in the dining-room; they were loose.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was walking through Holborn; I heard Stop thief! and this man came up, and this man came up, and laid hold of me. I know nothing of the matter. I have no witnesses.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMPSON
               



            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


