





153. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of January
, six iron palace-shovels, value 15s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John Francis 
                     Miller
                  




               
            .
The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.
JOHN-
               
                  FRANCIS
                   MILLER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am an ironmonger
, in Wapping: On Saturday, the 26th of January, from the information of Mr. Lewis's servant, I found that I had lost six shovels, such as are used on board of ship, they are called palace-shovels; I immediately ran over the Hermitage-bridge, and when I got over the bridge, I saw Mr. Lewis with the prisoner and the shovels, that was in the course of about one minute after I had received the information; the prisoner then came back to my house with Mr. Lewis and myself, and another person that Mr. Lewis thought was in company with him; we sent for a peace officer who lives about three houses off, and he came immediately, his name is Hodgkinson; the officer went with the prisoner at the bar and Mr. Lewis, and the other man and myself went together towards the Marine Police-office.
Q. Were the shovels that were brought back to your house the same that you had lost? - A. Yes, they were. When we had got some distance towards the Police-office, I saw the prisoner running back again towards my house, with a drawn knife in his hand; he had made a clear way as he passed the middle of the street, and I gave him way too.
Q. What sort of knife was it? - A. A small clasp knife. I then turned round and followed him; after running some distance, he turned up a passage, called Smith's-place, that was no thoroughfare; he came back again down a court, and brandishing his knife about, he cleared the place again to let himself out; he then ran down Wapping, towards the Police-office; he then turned up a place, called Russell's-buildings, and I saw a Mr. Calmer standing at his door with a hair broom in his hand; when he had gone past Mr. Calmer, I snatched the broom out of his hand, and knocked the prisoner down; at that time he had his knife drawn in his hand; I had caught hold of his left hand which had the knife in it, but could not get it from him; several other neighbours then came up, and what with holding him down by the hair of his head, and otherwise ill using him, after about ten minutes trouble, we got the knife from him, and secured him; I went to the Police-office, got some officers, and they took him to the Police-office.


                  ROBERT
                   LEWIS
               



             sworn. - On Saturday, the 26th of January, I desired my servant to inform Mr. Miller that a man had taken some shovels from his door; I pursued the man immediately, which was the prisoner at the bar; I came up with him at Mr. Tunbridge's door, near the Hermitage-bridge;I then laid hold of him by the collar with my left hand, and with my right hand I laid hold of the shovels, there were six of them; I said to the prisoner, friend, how did you come by these shovels; he instantly then dropped the shovels, and endeavoured to rescue himself from me, by which his jacket was torn; and Mr. Tunbridge and some persons who were standing by, said, assist Mr. Lewis, do not let the fellow get away; at that time Mr. Miller came up and claimed the shovels; I got fresh hold of the man, and we got him back to Mr. Miller's house; Mr. Miller sent for Hodgkinson, and gave him charge of him, desiring that he might be conveyed to the Marine Police-office; Mr. Miller and I followed him down towards the Marine Police-office; we followed him part of the way, and at some little distance saw him parading with a drawn knife.
Q. What became of the shovels afterwards? - A. They were carried to the Police-office.


                  THOMAS
                   MITCHELL
               



             sworn. - I am one of the Police-officers. (Produces the shovels).
Miller. These are my shovels; they are the same that were at my door, the same that were afterwards brought back to my shop, and the same which I saw at the Marine Police-office.


                  JOHN
                   HODGKINSON
               



             sworn. - I am a headborough: On the 26th of last month, I had charge of the prisoner at the bar in Mr. Miller's shop; I had taken him about two hundred yards from Mr. Miller's, towards the Police-office, and he told me he had stolen the shovels; that it was the first time, and that his partner was innocent.
Q. Did you make him any promise or threat at that time? - A. No, I did not. He had desired me to let him step upon the stags, I then observed him to be very busy with his hands in his pocket; and then he pulled out a knife from his waistcoat pocket, and swore he would stab me.
Q. Have you got the knife? - A. No, we lost it in the scuffle; he made his escape, and was afterwards taken again.
Prisoner's defence. I never took the shovels.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 37.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice ASHHURST.
