






59. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RUDD
                  



               
             was indicted 


               for stealing, fifteen pounds weight of raw sugar, value 7s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bolt
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES
                   WOOD
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman to Smart's and Dice key. On Friday the 8th of November I was looking about me, a little before seven at night, under the piazza at Dice-key


, I saw the prisoner at the bar at the back part, with a quantity of sugar about him, I stopped him with the sugar, some in three of his pockets, some in his hat, and some inside of his bosom in an handkerchief; I did not search him myself, but Mr. Hunter did, the West India merchants constable, he happened to be on the other side of the way, he came in and found it. Mr. Bolt the wharfinger
 is answerable, the wharf belongs to him.
Prisoner. I was laid down on the key, by the side of this hogshead, and you found me laying down.


                  THOMAS
                   HUNTER
               



             sworn.
I am a constable to the West India merchants; Wood called out, and I went to him, and found this sugar on the prisoner, there is fifteen pounds of it in all, it is raw sugar, I went to an hogshead and found the head part of it taken out, and I found a great deficiency in the hogshead, there was a great deal laid along side of the hogshead and scattered about.
Q. It must be recently taken? - Certainly.
Wood. When I went to him he slipped down behind the hogshead that was broke open.
Prisoner. I had been at work on the keys about four hours for one man, and I was rolling the hogsheads along, and I picked these bits of sugar up, and then I went to work two hours more for another master, and when I had done I laid down by the side of the hogshead, and this same man came and took me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London jury before.
Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
