





347. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TAYLOR
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of August
 last, two linen neck handkerchiefs, value 18 d. two linen neckcloths, value 18 d. two linen shirts, value 4 s. a pair of nankeen breeches, value 6 s. two linen waistcoats, value 18 d. the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Buckmaster
                     



                  : A feather bed value 18 s. a linen shirt, value 3 d. a pair of stockings, value 3 d. a flat iron, value 3 d. a bag of worsted, value 2 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  Jane 
                  Cushway
               



            , widow
.


                  WILLIAM
                   BUCKMASTER
               



             sworn.
I live in Ram-alley, Gingerbread court, Bishopsgate-court


; on going into my father's room (he is a shoemaker
) on the 3d of August, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I saw this man with a pair of breeches in his hand, and as on as he saw me he chucked them into the box; he came out into the middle of the room, and I took him by the collar, and called for assistance; my brother came, and I delivered him up to my brother.
Was the door of the room open? - Yes.
What room was it? - The ground floor.


                  THOMAS
                   BUCKMASTER
               



             sworn.
I came in and my brother had hold of his collar, and I searched him, and took out of his breeches a shirt, one white waistcoat out of his bosom, two plain long neckcloths, and a half handkerchief; and I took him into the court, and I took another white waistcoat and another half handkerchief. I took him down into the street, and gave charge of him to the officer. I did not find any other things.
Did you ask him any questions? - I did not.
Court to 
               
                  William
                   Buckmaster
               



            . Did not you see these things found? - No, I was at the other end of the room.


                  JANE
                   CUSHWAY
               



             sworn.
I was out of doors, I can swear to the property.


                  THOMAS
                   PRICE
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I was at the fire in Sun-street, Bishopsgate-street, and I saw this person pass by with a bed, and he droppeda flat iron, and a bag of worsted from it, and I picked it up, and put them up again, and he went on again; this was about three o'clock. Some time afterwards there was an outcry of a thief; he was then secured; I came up, and took the charge from these young men; says I, you are the young man that passed by with the bed; says I, do not deny it, for I picked up the flat iron. I went to his lodgings, Three-cups-alley, Shoreditch; and I found a feather bed, a pair of stockings, a flat iron, and a bag of worsted.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. He directed you to the lodgings as soon as you asked him? - He did.
Had he any coat on, or waistcoat? - He had the jacket on he has on now.
Who has the property ever since?


                  Thomas
                   Buckmaster
               



            . I have. (Produced, and deposed to.) I know them by wearing them, and losing such; and an R. D. being on one of the waistcoats.
Is there a person of the name of Taylor lodges in your house? - They live at the top.
They are weavers, I believe? - They are.
And the prisoner is a weaver? - I do not know the prisoner is.
Did not the prisoner tell you he went into the room in a mistake? - He did not.
How came the mark R. D. on the waistcoat? - I do not know.
If any body had asked you, before the waistcoat was produced, whether there was that mark on it, you would not have have known? - No, I should not.
Court. Had you or had you not seen the R. D. before? - I had; I did see it when I bought it
Court to Mrs. Cushway. Where do you live? - I live up one pair of stairs in the same house as Buckmaster: I am a widow; I was out at washing; I went out between nine and ten that morning; I left these things at home the shirt was inside the bed, the stockings under it, and the flat-iron by the side of the stove. I am sure of the bed being mine, by patching it; and I am sure all the other things are mine; and I left all the things at home in the afternoon.
- BRANTON sworn.
I am an East-India Company labourer; I had just parted with Mr. Price, and hearing a bustle, I went again, and saw the prisoner, and went with him to the compter; and from the compter went to the prisoner's lodgings, and saw the bed, and the things in it, tied up in a rug.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.


                  ANN
                   KUSEY
               



             sworn.
I live in Acorn-alley, Bishopsgate-street. I know the young man by sight nigh on two years; I heard the alarm of fire, and begged the prisoner at the bar to go to Taylor's house, and save what he could. Taylor's lodges up two pair of stairs in the same house; I told him. I told him, Bet Taylor's father, Colley's wife, who worked in the same shop with the prisoner at the time; I knew him; and by my mentioning her name, he knew whom I meant. I never heard any any harm by him, nor received any harm from him; he comes from the country; he has worked with my brother-in-law twice, who lives in Angel-alley, Smith's-buildings, No. 4.
Court. You said, you knew the young man by sight? - Only by working at my brother-in-law's.
You are sure you told him Taylor lived up two pair of stairs; you did not say the ground, nor the one-pair of stairs? - Neither.
What time of day was this? - Between four and five o'clock.
Do you mean to say, that this was the time you saw him first, between four and five o'clock? - It was.
But the constable saw him with the bed at three; how long have you known this man? - About two years.
Then you know him more than by sight? - Yes; he used to come to my room to warp his ribbons.
Are you particularly acquainted with him, then? - Yes, Sir, so far as that.

Court to Price. Do you know when the fire began? - About three o'clock, but it did not break out at Taylor's till between four and five.
Are you sure that you saw him with the bed between three and four? - As near as I can tell, it was.
Do you know whether it was before Taylor's house was on fire? - I cannot say positively, I was so much confused.
The prisoner called three other witnesses, to his character, who gave him a very good one.
The jury went out of Court for seventeen minutes, and returned with a verdict,



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
