





765. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MARSH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of October
, a wooden carravan box, covered with paper, value 3 d. a thread laced cap, value 5 l. a laced handkerchief, value 20 s. a pair of robbins, value 10 s. an apron, value 10 s. a handkerchief, value 10 s. a shawl, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Harrison
                  




               
            .

The witnesses examined separate.


                  ELIZABETH
                   MARIA CHURCH
               



             sworn.
I went to the Oxford Arms in Warwick-lane, on the 26th of October, to fetch a box which came from Southampton; there were two boxes; I saw the boxes put into the Islington stage coach, between a quarter and half an hour after five in the afternoon, at the Oxford Arms: I went to the Exchange


; the coach stopped then, and filled with passengers, and the boxes were obliged to be taken out; I saw this box in the boot; I heard the cry of stop thief! several times, but I did not know it was the box that was in my care: the coachman came to the coach door, and said the box had been stolen: the box came safe home: I am sure it is the same box.


                  WILLIAM
                   FIELDER
               



             sworn.
I am a coachman. I drive the Islington stage. I brought this lady from Islington to the Oxford Arms: I took two boxes to the Change; then I had five passengers; I took out the trunks, and put them in the boot, and I left a man in charge of the boxes, while I went up to the office to take the money; that is 
               
                  John
                   Elder
               



            ; when I came back the trunk was gone.


                  JOHN
                   ELDER
               



             sworn.
I am a coachman. I looked after the boot, and I was the off side of the horses, and a person came and asked me the way to Shoreditch church, and I saw the box go off on the near side, and I run after him as hard as I could, and made him drop it; I called stop thief! the man was stopped; I could not run away from the box; I could not swear to the man: it was the dusk of the evening: a porter stopped the man; his name is Smith.
Mr. Garrow. It was too dark for you to know the man? - Yes; it was dark.


                  CHARLES
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to a merchant in Austin Fryers, to Messrs. Minett and Fector. I saw the prisoner drop a trunk; and afterwards he was pursued, and taken to the Compter; I am sure it was the prisoner: he might have got twenty or thirty yards; I followed him a little way; I had my eye on him all the way.
Are you enabled to say, that the man who was stopped was the same that dropped the trunk? - Yes.
You are sure of it? - Yes.
Did you lose sight of him at all? - I did not.
Mr. Garrow. You did not know the man before? - I never saw him before; I only saw him drop the trunk; I saw the same trunk before the Lord Mayor.


                  JOHN
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I stopped the prisoner: he twisted my fingers, and strained them, and struck at me, and kicked me; I secured him: he struck me in the Compter afterwards, and said, he should know me again.


                  ABRAHAM
                   SCHOFIELD
               



             sworn.
I am constable of Coleman-street. I took him to the Compter.
Prisoner. I know nothing of it.
(The box produced and deposed to by Miss Church.)
The things are the property of 
               
                  Ann
                   Harrison
               



            , widow: I have seen my grandmother wear the things; I am sure they are her's.
(The things deposed to also by Mrs. Harrison.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
