






363. 
               
                  STEPHEN 
                  BARNETT
               



             and 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  KEMP
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of June
, a pocket-book, value 1s. a Banknote, value 20l. another Bank-note, value 1l. and two five pound notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Webber
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)
GEORGE WEBBER sworn. - I am a fisherman
, and live in Devonshire; I came to London on the 10th of June, and was going to call upon Mr. Donne, the attorney, in Furnival's-inn; as I was going up Holborn-hill


 I asked the way to Furnival's-inn, and the person said he could not tell me; I went a little further, and that man, Kemp, asked me who I was enquiring for; I told him; and he said I was wrong, but if I would go with him he would direct me; he took me quite down the hill again; we got near the step of Snow-hill


, and that gentleman stopped me, and asked me if I had left any thing out of my left-hand pocket; I did not see whether Kemp had left me, he kept behind me; I found I had lost my pocket-book, I am sure I had it before he told me I was wrong; after that, I went to the Public-office and gave informations; the gentleman who was with me gave descriptions of the men, I could not; I found them in custody on the Thursday I was robbed on the Wednesday, there were four notes in the pocket-book, one of twenty pounds, one of ten pounds, and two of five pounds.
Q. Were they in your pocket-book when you got up in the morning? - A. They were.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. (Counsel for Barnett.) Q. Were they Bank of England notes? - A. They were.


                  THOMAS
                   HAMMOND
               



             sworn. - I am a surveyor, and live in Long-lane: On Wednesday about a quarter before one o'clock, as I came down Holhorn-hill, I saw three men, whom I remembered, one of which was Barnett; I have known him for five years, and the other I remembered, as I had seen them about Smithfield; Kemp, and another not taken, was on one side, and the other close behind; he went a little way out of the path, and Barnett came up to him.
Q. Did you see either of them accost Webber? - A. They appeared to be talking to him; he was not quite at the bottom of Holborn-hill so far as the Market, he was going towards Smithfield, just by the post; his left-hand pocket was a little bit open, and I saw Barnett's hand go into it; I saw the motion of his hand come out of it, I could not see what he took out, but he put it into his pocket, and it laid star, like a book; before he put his hand into his pocket, he touched a bundle which Webber had under his arm, and he put up his hand to adjust it, and at that instant I saw Barnett's hand go into his pocket; Immediately Barnett went away, and coughed; one of them followed, and coughed also; the third turned round and looked, giving a cough, he walked on two or three doors further, and then he left them; two of them went down Fleet-market, the third I did not see go; Barnett put his hand in the pocket, but it was either Kemp or the other that had the conversation; I went immediately to Webber, and asked him if he had lost any thing; I told him he had been robbed, and I wentwith him to Hatton-garden, and described the persons; I was out of town on Thursday, but I found them in custody on Friday.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. (Counsel for Kemp.) Q. It was Barnett's hand in the pocket? - A. Yes.
Q. Whether it was the other prisoner, or a person near the place, that coughed you don't know? - A. I cannot say.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. This was about one o'clock? - A. A quarter before one.
Q. That part is narrow, is it not? - A. Yes; and not free of passengers.
Q.Would it not be as well to take hold of the collar when a person fees a robbery? - A. I was not near enough.
Q. How far were you off? - A. About seven yards.
Q. Any persons between you? - A. Yes.
Q. Possibly the hand that was put into the pocket might be some other persons; his back was towards you? - A. Yes; I know him as well as I know my child, but I never had any conversation with him.
Q. In point of fact, you did not collar him? - A. No; I went to the man, and asked him if he had lost any thing; I only saw the hand go into the pocket, and take it out, and put something into the side-pocket, button his coat, and walk away.


                  JOHN
                   RAY
               



             sworn. - I am a Police-officer, belonging to Worship-street: In consequence of information, I accompained Peter Mason, and apprehended Barnett, at a public-house in Goswell-street; I searched his person, he had about seven guineas in his pocket, but nothing else particular; I told him I apprehended him for felony; I searched his lodgings, by the direction he gave I found them, and I knew where he lived; I found seven pocket-books, with a number of duplicates in them; some pick-lock keys, a case of pistols, and several other things; that was Thursday, about four or five o'clock in the afternoon; I did not apprehend Kemp till next morning, at his lodgings; just as we got there he came in, and was coming up stairs; we searched him, but found nothing upon him, or at his lodgings.
Barnett, GUILTY (Aged 30.)
Kemp, GUILTY (Aged 28.)
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
