





14. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of November
, two live game cocks, value 2s. five live fowls, value 5s. and one hempen bag, value 12d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Eling
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   ELING
               



             sworn. - I live at Teddington


: I lost seven fowls on the 12th of November, five hen fowls, and two cocks; they were found upon the prisoner by a Twickenham watchman; I have not got the fowls, but I have got the sack, marked with my own name; that sack is my property.


                  JAMES
                   KNIGHT
               



             sworn. - I produce the sack, it has been in my custody ever since the evening of the 12th of November; the prisoner was put into the watch-box by the watchman, and I asked him whose fowls they were, and he said they were his.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You did not apprehend him? - A. No.
Q. Where the watchman found the fowls, and the sack, you don't know? - A. No.


                  Q. 
               


            (To Mr. Eling.) When did you see the fowls last? - A. On the Saturday, they were taken away on the Sunday night.
Court. Q. Did you know the prisoner before the fowls were taken away? - A. Yes; he worked for me seven days, a week and a day.



                  WILLIAM
                   RICHARDS
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman, at Twickenham: I stopped him on the Monday morning, the 12th of November, at Twickenham.
Q. Had he any thing in his possession at the time you took him? - A. He had the sack with those fowls in it; I stopped him and took him to a Peace-officer, because I thought he did not come honestly by them; I put him in the watch-box.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. He told you that he had found those fowls? - A. He said that they were his wife's, and his own property.
Q. Was the prisoner sober when you met him? - A. I looked upon him to be sober.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence. One witness was called to the prisoner's character, who said, he had known him but a very little while, but during that time, he never heard any thing against him.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 24.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
