





334. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CANE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of August
 last, one cloth coat, called a box coat, value 20 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Evans
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   EVANS
               



             sworn.
I am a hackney coachman
. On the 17th of August I sat down a fare in Houndsditch


 about half after nine. Helping my fare out of my coach I lost my coat off my box; I was opening the coach door, I left it on my box. Mr. Tipper, at whose door I put down my fare, said, he would go and see if he could find it; he did, and fetched back the lad and coat in the course of six minutes. I did not see him take it.
- TIPPER sworn.
I am a constable, I live in Houndsditch: I was sitting in my house on Wednesday, the 17th of August, and I heard the coachman say, I have lost the coat; I went to the door, and told him not to make any noise, and I would go and endeavour to see if I could find the party. I ran up Woolpack-alley, into Gravel-lane, and so into Petticoat-lane, and enquiring, a party told me they had seen such a person go into Shiman Lally's, the nick name of 
               
                  Solomon
                   Isaacs
               



            . I went to the house, and the door was fast; I knocked at the door, and thisShiman Lally's son, a lad about nine or ten years of age, came to the door and let me in, and I directly rushed into the room, and there saw the prisoner at the bar, sitting down in a corner of the room with the coat; he was sitting on part of it; there was nobody but him and the lad that let me in. I took the prisoner and the coat to the watch-house. As I was coming along he told me I had better take the coat and let him go; that was all he said.
How long might you be doing this? - About six or eight minutes.
How far is Shiman Lally's house from where the coat was lost? - Not above thirty or forty yards.
(The coat produced, and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I happened to come that way, and I know Shiman Lally, my mother buys her lemons of him, and I went to tell him my mother was sick, and would not want any more lemons, and I happened to sit down by the coat; but I know no more how the coat came there than you do.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
