





526. 
               
                  
                     LETITIA 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of August
, a tin box, value 1d. a shilling, two sixpences, and three dollars
            , the property of 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Prior
               




            .
CHRISTOPHER PRIOR sworn. - I was quartered at the Queen's-head, in St. Martin's-lane: On the 26th of August, I was coming from Shadwell; I have a wife and four children; as I was going from my quarters to shadwell, I met the prisoner and another woman between the New Church and St. Clement's Church, in the Strand; the prisoner took hold of me by my knapsack strap, and pulled me round, and told me her sister and her had but one penny in the world; they asked me if I would make it up a quartern of gin; I told her I thought she had had gin enough; I told her I should not mind giving her a quartern of gin, but I thought there was no house open to get it at; and she told me, at the watering-house, the corner of St. Clement's-lane


, she could get it; I went in, and stood at the bar where they serve the liquor; the prisoner called for a quartern of liquor; I pulled my box out of my pocket, which contained my money, to take sixpence out of it; it was a little round tin box, there were three dollars laid at the top, and I was obliged to take them out into my hand to get at the sixpence; I received three-pence in change out of the sixpence, and I put the dollars into the box, and put it in my left hand coat pocket; then I came out to come home; the prisoner laid hold of me, and wanted me to go to some place of abode with her; I told her I had no occasion, and to be content with what she had, I had got a wife and family of my own at home; while I was speaking to her, I felt her hand going out of my left hand coat pocket, and heard the dollars fall from one side of the box to the other; I griped hold of her arm with the box in it; she immediately handed the box out of her own hand into the person's hand that she called her sister, and she ran away immediately; I was a great mind to let this one go, to run after the other, but I thought if I did, I should lose them both; after she was gone she told me she took the money out of a joke, and would have given it me again, if the other had not ran away with it; I asked her if she knew where to find her, as she called her her sister, and she replied, she knew nothing at all about her, she was quite a stranger to her; I called the watchman, and delivered her up.
Q. What time of night was this? - A. Between twelve and one in the morning.
Q. Did you see the box in her hand? - A. Yes, and very near got it out of her hand, only the other was rather too nimble for me.
Q. Where had you been that day? - A. I had been upon the Queen's guard that day, and then Ihad to go round from public-house to public-house till between ten and eleven.
Q. Were you perfectly sober? - A. As sober as I am now; she asked me to have part of the gin, and I would not, for I told her I wanted to go home to my wife and family.
Prisoner's defence. I met this man and another woman, and they asked me to drink with them, and I took a glass of liquor with them, and wished them good night, and then he came and charged me with taking his money; I went with him very readily; I had no money at all about me.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 24.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before The LORD CHIEF BARON.
