






27. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DICKEMAN
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HEYTER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of November
, eight live ducks, value 8 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Mutter
               




            .



                  GEORGE
                   MUTTER
               



             sworn.
I am a farmer
. The ducks were lost on Friday evening, the 4th of November; I live at Willsden


; I saw them on the 10th following, at Bow-street; I know the ducks to be mine; there were two alike; they had black feathers round the breast; there were two drakes, one old one and one young one; they were all alive when I lost them.


                  JOHN
                   CRIDLAND
               



             sworn.
I am a patrole belonging to Sir Sampson Wright. On the 4th of November, in the evening, about seven o'clock, I was on the Kilburn road; I met with the two prisoners at the bar; they were coming towards town; I suppose this might be three miles from Mutter's house; I stopped them, and asked Dickeman what he had there? he said, ducks, and had bought them at Kensington; I said, this is not the way from Kensington; I found four ducks on him; he said he bought them out of a country cart; I took them into custody, and placed them in the watch-house; there were sixteen snares for catching hares, and a brass candlestick, found on Dickeman.
- BAKER sworn.
Deposed to the same effect, only that he understood Dickeman to have said he bought them at Kilburn, instead of Kensington.
PRISONER DICKEMAN's DEFENCE.
I was coming along the road, and met a man with a basket of ducks; this young man bought four ducks for four and sixpence and a pot of beer; I came up behind, and bought the other four.
Cridland. On my return, I took them into a new public-house; he never pointed out any person of whom they bought them.
PRISOEER HEYTER's DEFENCE.
I bought the four at Kensington.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
