





473. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     MERCHANT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of May
, a silver watch, value 2 l. a silver watch string, value 2 d. a stone seal set inmetal, value 8 d. a watch key, value 1 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Angel
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   ANGEL
               



             sworn.
I am a taylor
; I work for my father, I am a single man. As I was coming up Holborn


 the 7th of May last, this prisoner accosted me and told me she was a poor distressed woman, it was Tuesday morning about two o'clock; I had been in some company but I was quite sober; I went into company about eight o'clock in the evening at Bagnigge Wells.
Q. Did you continue in that company till two o'clock in the morning? - Not quite all the time, we had been drinking together.
Q. Was it a party of men or women? - Men.
Q. Did you drink all that time? - No.
Q. What liquor did you drink? - Negus; I went with another young man; there were five in company with me, I had not been drinking all the while, I was quite sober, after I came into Holborn I was by myself; I live in Gray's Inn-lane; she accosted me and said, she was a poor distressed woman and had no home to go to, this was nearly opposite the George and Blue Boar Holborn; I felt her pull the watch out of my pocket, I walked a little up Holborn with her, and I had stopped about two minutes with her and returned back.
Q. I understand you that you was going home, did you go back again? - I walked a little way out of the way for home while she was telling her story; when she robbed me I was just standing still, I was talking to her; this was in Holborn.
Q. Did she say any thing about the watch to you? - No.
Q. Did you see the watch go? - I felt her take it out of my pocket; it was a silver watch.
Q. Did you say any thing to her at the time? - I charged her with taking my watch, and she made many oaths that she had not, it was in my coat pocket, I had drawed it up about an hour and a half before, and put it in my coat pocket, I did not put it into my fob.
Q. It seems to me that you felt it go out of your pocket? - I did.
Q. Did you feel her hand in your pocket? - I did.
Q. Did you catch hold of her hand? - I did not, I put my hand to her and said, you have got my watch; she made a great many oaths and said she had not; I immediately called watch, one came from across the way, and I told him that she had taken my watch from me, and she tried to strike me; we went to the watch-house and while I was giving a description of the watch she came up and hit me in the face; the watchman took the watch from her as we came along, out of her hand; he is here.
Prisoner. Ask him if he did not give me the watch? - I did not on my oath.
Q. Ask him if the watchman took the watch from me? - He did.
Q. Ask him if he did not go to my apartments? - I did not, she said she had no apartment, she had no home.


                  PHILLIP
                   WELCH
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; I came up to the call of the prosecutor; when I came up the prosecutor told me that this girl had robbed him of his watch, and bid me take her into charge; I told the girl if she had it to deliver it to me; she said she had not, we took her a part of the way to the watch-house, and she said, it may be the gentleman might have dropt it; then we came back to search the place for fear it should be there, and it was not there; she went back with us; as we could not find it, we were taking her up towards the watch-house and she puts her hand up somewhere about her cloaths and takes the watch out; there was another watchman behind her, but I sawit first in her hand, the watchman behind called out there is the watch, so I took it from her, I had it for about four hours till I went to the justice's, when I gave it to one of the Bow-street officers, the reason why I gave it them was because I had got a drop in my head, and I was afraid I should lose it.


                  JOHN
                   LYONS
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; I know the prosecutor; I was not called to assist him, I came of myself, when I saw this young woman and man and watchman coming up Holborn, I crossed the way and asked him what was the matter? they told me this woman had robbed that young man of his watch, this was said in her presence; I told them to take her away to the watch-house and let her be tried there; then I kept walking behind her, and I saw her pull the watch out from under the waist of her gown; I laid hold of her by the hands, and I said here is the watch, and then Welch the watchman, laid hold of the watch and dispossessed her of the watch; it was brought to the watch-house, the watchman took it to Bow-street the next day.
Prisoner. Did not you tell the justice that you had the watch of the officer? - The other watchman took it from her; I had hold of her right hand, and she took the watch from under the waist of her gown.


                  HENRY
                   CROKER
               



             sworn.
I belong to Bow-street; I was at Bow-street, and I took the watch out of Welch the watchman's pocket, he was very much in liquor, and going to be ordered out of the office, therefore I took it out of his pocket, and produced it before the magistrate; I have kept it ever since.


                  JOHN
                   CANN
               



             sworn.
I was the constable of the night when the girl was brought to the watch-house; the watchman Welch brought the watch, Mr. Angell charged her with robbing him of his watch; he had been at Bagnigge Wells to spend the afternoon with his friends; the prisoner did not say much to it; as soon as I took the charge she upped with her fist and knocked him down, made the blood come out of his head; likewise she knocked the watchman down that was in the watch-house; this is the watch I know that was taken from her; she owned she had it; the watchman was very sober when I took the charge, it was about two o'clock; but he was drunk when he got to Bow-street, and Mr. Bond told Mr. Croker to take the watch from him, which he did.
(The watch deposed to by the prosecutor, by the name, 
               
                  Samuel
                   Stevens
               



            , and the No. 302.)
Court to Prosecutor. Did you ever give her the watch? - No.
Q. Had you any money about you? - I had.
Q. Are you in the habit of putting your watch in your coat pocket? - Sometimes I do of an evening when I am going home.
Q. Do you think it safer there? - Yes, rather.
Prisoner. It was about half after twelve when I first met this young man in High Holborn, I had known him some time, he had been in my apartments before; I told him I was distressed by my landlord, on account of not having money; so as we could not go to my room, we went down a court called Feather-court; he said he would make me the usual compliment, he said, hold my watch till you oblige me, and I will give you the crown immediately, I obliged him in the said court; after he was obliged, he asked me for the watch again; I told him I would give it him after he had made me the present; hesaid he would have it or charge the watch with me; I told him he was welcome to charge the watch with me; with that he went down into Turnstile, and going through there he called watch, he came, and I would not say that I had it, he sprung his rattle, another came, and the watchman and him laid hold of both of my hands; I then said that I would rather go without the money than go to the watch-house; likewise he told me before if I would return it he would give me the crown; after that they went to the watch-house with me. I have been under the doctor's hands ever since I have been in Newgate; likewise the prosecutor struck me before I struck him; I knew him about five or six months before.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 37.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
