





404. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SHIRLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of April
, a leather trunk, value 20s. two muslin gowns, value 20s. six pair of silk stockings, value 40s. and a cotton gown, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     
                        
                           Watkins
                        






               
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Const.)


                  JOHN
                   SPENCER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const. On the 27th of April, I was returning to town in a chaise, with Mrs. Watkins, and Mrs. Spencer.
Q. Mrs. Watkins, I believe, parted from you? - A. At the corner of a street, in Oxford-road, Mrs. Watkins left us, and got into a Hackney-coach to go to her own house.
Q. After she was gone, did you observe any thing particular about your carriage? - A. Not till we got into Hanover-square


; I looked through the glass, and observed a man behind the chaise, liftinga portmanteau from the board behind the carriage; I looked out at the chaise window, and called, stop that man; at that moment be dropped it, I immediately went and secured the trunk, the man got off.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. How did it happen, that Mrs. Watkins's portmanteau was behind your chaise? - A. In consequence of its being very dirty, the trunk was very wet, and rather than incommode her with it, we were to take it to our house, and she was to send for it the next morning.
Q. What time was it? - A. Between eight and nine in the evening, it was dark.
Q. I take it for granted you could not see what was doing behind the chaise? - A. Yes; I mean to swear that I saw the trunk in the man's arms, it was fastened by myself, in Yorkshire, with leather and cords both.
Q. Whether or not, in consequence of your having travelled a considerable length of way, you are able to say whether the trunk was fast when you came into town? - A. No; but at Barnet I saw it fastened.
Q. Do you mean to undertake to swear, that when you arrived in town, the trunk was fastened or loose? - A. At Barnet, I saw it fast.
Court. Q. Did you see it behind the chaise in London, when you looked back? - A. Yes, I did.
Mr. Const. Q. Was that the same trunk that you saw fastened at Barnet? - A. It was; the straps were cut asunder, I saw them this morning.


                  WILLIAM
                   EAMES
               



             sworn. - I am a coachman, I live with Mr. Blair: On the 27th of April, I was coming up Argyle-street, into Oxford-road, and this gentleman's carriage was stopping to put a lady into a Hackney-coach; I saw two men follow the carriage, I did not like the look of them, and I, out of curiosity, followed them, and saw the prisoner at the bar take a trunk from behind the carriage, I ran after him and stopped him, he had dropped the trunk.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. It was dark at that time? - A. Yes.
Q. How near were you to these men, when you saw them in Argyle-street? - A. About ten yards from them.
Q. And do you think they must not have observed you watching them? - A. They might, if they had not had another object in view.
Q. If you suspected them, why did you not stop them before the trunk was stole? - A. I had no right to stop them before.
Q. How many yards did the man get before you stopped him? - A. About thirty yards.


                  JANE
                   WATKINS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const. I am the wife of 
               
                  John
                   Watkins
               



            . (The trunk produced.
Q. (To Spencer). Is that the same trunk that was behind your carriage? - A. Yes, it is the same.(The property was desposed to by Mrs. Watkins.)
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 16). 


               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
