





573. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of October
, eighteen pounds of spermaceti candles, value 40s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Bull
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH
                   BULL
               



             sworn.
I am a tallow-chandler
, in Gerard-street, Soho


: On the 11th of October, about half past three in the afternoon, I was asked, by several persons, if I had lost any candles, they brought in three papers of candles, which I knew to be mine.


                  SAMUEL
                   SWINNEY
               



             sworn.
I am a shoe-maker; I was coming by Mrs. Bull's house, and I saw the prisoner go into her house, and bring out these candles, between two and three o'clock, I don't suppose he was a minute in the house; he winked at me, and asked me if Iwould have a shilling, or any thing to drink; I told him I would have nothing at all, and he went away; I holloaed after him, I was afraid to run after him, because I had sprained my wrist; he had the candles under his great coat; I had my hand tied up; as soon as I laid hold of him with the other hand, he struck me twice over the head, and I begged another man to stop him, and he laid down the goods, and I took them up and carried them to this woman, and she knew the goods, and he was carried to Marlborough-street; Mrs. Bull has had them ever since.


                  Thomas
                   Fitzgerald
               



             was called, but not appearing, his recognizance was ordered to be estreated; (the candles were produced.)
Mrs. Bull. These are the candles that were delivered to me by Swinney, I know them to be mine; I missed them from a shelf in the back part of the shop.
Prisoner's defence. I am very ready to serve his Majesty by sea or land.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
