





127. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JENKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Stonnel
                        




                     
                  , on the 4th of February
, about the hour of eight in the night, with intent to steal, and stealing therein one pair of women's leather pumps, value 3s. the property of Richard Stonnel; the said Richard, and others of his family, being then in the said house
            .
RICHARD STONNEL sworn. - I live at No. 10, Goodge-street, Tottenham-court-road


: Last Saturday se'nnight, about a quarter before eight in the evening, my son and I were up stairs at work, my daughter rang the bell, and we both ran down; I found the window broke, and I missed two pair of women's leather pumps; there was a lad in the shop who had given information, he offered to shew us which way the persons went; my son and I, and the boy, went after them, my son out-ran me a good deal; not seeing any suspected persons, I came round the street, and came home; in about five minutes after, my son brought the prisoner at the bar into the shop, he had him by the collar with one hand, and a pair of shoes in the other.


                  JOSEPH
                   COLTHORPE
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 13, Goodge-street, Tottenham-court-road, with my father, a silk-dyer: On Saturday, February the 4th, between seven and eight o'clock, I was in my father's area, I saw two men walking backwards and forwards near our house, I thought they had no good design; I told my father, and he told me to walk on the opposite side of the way, which I did, and I saw a man dodging between the coaches; and I walked backwards and forwards on the other side of the way, and saw the prisoner sitting on a post opposite Mr. Stonnel's shop.
Q. Are you sure it was the prisoner? - A. Yes, I am confident of it; I walked backwards and forwards again, and his eyes were fixed on Mr. Stonnel's shop; then I saw a man go to the shop window, and take a pair of shoes out; I supposed him to be his companion, I had seen the prisoner walking backwards and forwards before.
Q. How did he get the shoes out of the window? - A. I saw him put his arm in and take them out.
Q. You did not hear any glass break? - A. No, I did not; when he had taken them out, he went immediately to the prisoner, and they both went down John-street together; I directly went into Mr. Stonnel's shop, and told Miss Stonnel a man had taken a pair of shoes out; she rang the bell, and Mr. Stonnel and his son came down, and I told them which way they went, and I went with them down John-street; 
               
                  George
                   Stonnel
               



             got a-head of me, I don't know which way he went; and Mr. Stonnel and I went back together; I was in the shop when he brought the prisoner in.


                  GEORGE
                   STONNEL
               



             sworn. I am the son of Richard Stonnel, I work with my father: About eight o'clock in the evening I was alarmed with the ringing of the bell, my father and I ran down, and were informed, by a lad in the shop, that we had been robbed, and which way they went; I ran down John-street, and into Windmill street, and saw two men, I went between them, and looked at one, and then at the other, but mostly at the prisoner, as I perceived he had something under his coat; I lifted up his coat and saw the shoes, I seized them both; upon which the prisoner struck me a violent blow in the mouth, on which the other struggled and got away, and cried stop thief; I kept hold of the prisoner, and strove to take the shoes from under his coat; he threw his coat open to throw them down, and I took them from him; Rolfe, the officer, has them.
Prisoner. Q. What did I say to him when he took hold of me? - A. He slipped out of my hand, as I took the shoes from under his coat; I followed him, and took him in Percy-street; he stood against the rails; he said, I am no thief, you did not take those shoes from me; I brought him back to my father's shop, and delivered him to Mr. Rolfe.
Prisoner. I said, I am no thief; if there was any thief, it must be the man in the blue coat.
Q. Do you know the state of the window? - A. One evening before an instrument had been drove into the putty, and one of the panes of glass was shivered in many, directions, but there was no piece out; I examined the window that was the pane the shoes were taken out of.
Q. (To 
               
                  Richard
                   Stonnel
               



            .) What did you observe about the pane of glass the shoes were taken from? - A. About a week before an instrument had been put in the putty, and the glass was split in two or three places, but it was all whole.
Q. Who was in the shop at the time of this robbery? - A. I don't know whether any body was in the shop, my daughter might be in the parlour; I brought the shoes down into the shop that afternoon; they are my apprentice's making.
ROEERT ROLFE sworn. - I am a constable; I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody; the shoes were delivered to me. (They were produced in Court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Q. (To 
               
                  George
                   Stonnel
               



            .) Are those the shoes you took from the prisoner? - A. Yes, I am certain they are.
Q. When the prisoner said, I am no thief, had you said any thing about shoes? - A. No.
Jury. (To Richard Stonnel.) Q. Had you sold any of that sort of shoes that day? - A. I believe not; they were brought down about two o'clock; I brought four pair down; here is a fellow pair made off the same last.
Prisoner's defence. I came from Kentish Town, and as I was going down John-street, I saw a man before me in a blue coat; I perceived him drop a pair of shoes; I picked them up; I followed him; he turned down Windmill-street, and this man came and took hold of me; I said, I wasnot the man that dropped the shoes, the other man dropped them.




               GUILTY (Aged 25.) Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice ROOKE.
