





469. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     STUBBS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of March
, a cloth coat, value 42 s. a pair of velvet breeches, value 16 s. two shirts, value 6 s. a pair of silver knee-buckles, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Cook
                        



                     
                  ; two coats, value 4 l. a waistcoat, value 10 s. a pair of breeches, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Weyman
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling house of the said 
                     
                        John
                         Weyman
                     



.


                  WILLIAM
                   COOK
               



             sworn.
I am apprentice to Mr. David Simpson, a plaisterer: the prisoner slept with me; we both lodged at 
               
                  John
                   Weyman
               



            's; the prisoner took a candle, and went up to clean him, and returned presently, and went away about seven, to the best of my knowledge; at ten I went to go to bed; the prisoner returned at half past eleven; I found theroom all in confusion; all the drawers open, and my trunk open; and the things taken out; a superfine light drab coat, and two shirts of mine, were gone from my trunk; I left it locked; and the key was under it; but it was broke open, and two other drawers; I saw it locked on the Sunday; I lost the things in the indictment; (repeating them): I got nothing back, only two shirts and a silk handkerchief: the constable had them from a woman that is here; I did not buy them new; there is some of the name left; I cannot swear to the handkerchief; the shirts have been altered: the collar, sleeves, and tail, taken off; I cannot safely swear to them.


                  JOHN
                   WEYMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a plaisterer's labourer. The prisoner was a lodger of mine; I keep a house; he took my clothes the same night he took the other; I had not seen my property for a month or six weeks: on the alarm given by Cook, I went up stairs, and found all the drawers pulled out, and the box wrenched, and the property gone: I missed the things mentioned in the indictment: (repeating them): the two cloth coats are here; I saw them at the justice's: (deposed to): the taylor made one of them with hooks, but not with eyes; and buttonholes to the pockets, but no buttons; the other coat has a rent on the back.
Court. What is the value of these two coats? - I cannot justly say; I gave four pounds.
They would not sell for four pounds now? - I do not know that.
How long have you had one of them? - Five years; and the other in August last.
Can you fix any thing what they are worth? - I do not understand them; this waistcoat is mine: I went to a club burying; they said the person died of a putrid fever; and I got a bit of rue, which I tucked in. The breeches I had in August; I gave twenty-five shillings for them; I know them by the size and the make.
How soon did you see the things after they were missing? - In five weeks.
Mr. Knowlys. Where do you live? - No. 9, in Northumberland-street, Mary-le-bone; I keep a house, and pay twenty-two guineas a year.
Let a good part of it out in lodgings? - Only one front door and back door; no part of the lodgings are divided; nobody joins with me in the rent of the house.
For aught you know, they might have been taken out separate? - I cannot say.


                  JAMES
                   MULCASTER
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, in Chandler's-street, Grosvenor-square: I speak only to this black coat, waistcoat, and breeches. On the 8th of March, in the evening, I took them in pledge from the prisoner; I have known him ten or a dozen years; I am certain he was the man; I knew his mother and him: he said they were his father's; he pawned them for fifteen shillings; the prisoner always bore a good character.


                  THOMAS
                   CHIFFINCH
               



             sworn.
The prisoner pawned this blue coat with me the 2d of March; I am positive the prisoner brought it; I have kept it ever since.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.
The prisoner called seven witnesses, who all gave him a good character.




               GUILTY, 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
