





34. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th day of December
, 68 copper halfpence, value 2 s. 10 d. one sixpence, two chip boxes, value 6 d. six two-foot rules, 2 lb. of wire, 12 penknives, 5 padlocks, 106 black-lend pencils, and divers other goods
            , the property of Messrs. Denham and 
               
                  Tappenden
               


            .


                     THOMAS 
                     DENHAM
                  



               
             sworn.
I live in Foster-lane; I am an ironmonger
; the prisoner was in our service, as a porter
, near three months: we had some suspicion of the prisoner's dishonesty: on last Wednesday we told the money over,and we missed 2 s. 2 d.; on Thursday the money was marked; Mr. 
               
                  Francis
                   Tappenden
               



             marked it; and on the Friday morning, after the prisoner had opened the shop, I called the prisoner into the compting-house, and asked what halfpence he had; he said, none; my partner hit his hand against his pocket, and some halfpence chinked; we sent for a constable, and his pockets were turned out, and there was 2 s. 10 d. that had the mark on them, and a sixpence not marked: the prisoner was sent to the compter.
Mr. Knapp, Prisoner's Counsel. What was the prisoner? - An out-porter.
When the halfpence were marked, did you lock the drawer? - No.
How long after you put them in was it till you missed them? - They were put in on the evening, and we searched him the next morning; there was 2 s. 10 d. found on him, and 1 s. 2 d. in the till, which made up the 4 s. we marked.


                  FRANCIS
                   TAPPENDEN
               



             sworn.
I marked the halfpence, 4 s. worth, with an iron punch, on Thursday night last, between nine and ten; the next morning there was 2 s. 10 d. missing; they were found in the prisoner's pocket; I was present; we asked him if he had any money about him; he said he had nothing but a sixpence of his own; we desired him to turn his pocket out, and he did; and I hit my hand against his pocket; I said, you have a great weight there, let us see what it is; the halfpence were produced, and some few others; we sent for a constable, and the prisoner was sent to the compter; I and the constable, and one of our servants, went to the prisoner's lodgings, No. 3, Bridgewater-gardens; he told us he lodged there; we had the key of his box; the prisoner gave it us; we unlocked his box; the people of the house told us it was his; we found a variety of articles, with our marks on them (the goods produced); we had not missed them; it is impossible we could miss them.


                  CHARLES
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am the constable; I went to the prisoner's lodgings; the prisoner gave me the key; he said there was nothing of the prosecutor's property; we found a box there, which this key opened, and these things were found in that box.
(The halfpence produced.)
Mr. Tappenden. These are the halfpence that I marked.
Mr. Knapp to Mr. Tappenden. The prisoner did not tell you which box to go to? - No.
Was it a common key? - A common box-lock key.
You did not try the other boxes? - No.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.
(The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.)



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
