





151. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CAVERNOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of January
, two pieces of brass, each of the weight of four pounds, value 2s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Penton
                  



               
             the elder, and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Penton
                  



               
             the younger.


                  GEORGE
                   PENTON
               



            , junior, sworn.
I am in partnership with 
               
                  George
                   Penton
               



             the elder, he is a first cousin of mine, I have no other partner; we carry on the business of brass-founders

, in New-street, St. Bride's. I know nothing of the robbery myself.
- TILWORTH sworn.
I am servant to the two Mr. Pentons; I told Mr. Penton I suspected the prisoner of robbing him; he had been a labourer
 in the shop between two and three years, he worked in the loundry; I workedat turning the brass; I have lived with Mr. Penton seven years last Lord-Mayor's-day: On Tuesday the 12th of January, about a quarter before five o'clock in the afternoon, I discovered two piece of brass in a place where I had frequently observed the prisoner come from after dusk, it was in the necessary, hid among some cinders and dirt that were put there for washing; it was two pigs of brass, or rather one pig broke into two; upon finding them, informed M. Penton.


                  Q. 
               


            Had you taken them out before you informed Mr. Penton? - A. I took one up in my hand and put it down again where I found it, and then I informed Mr. Penton of it; he desired me to go, with another man, of the name of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Seares
               



            , and mark it, which we did in a few minutes after, with a punch; I have the punch that I marked one of the pieces with in my pocket, I marked it in two places at one end; we then put them back in the same manner, as near as we could, and covered them as they were before; then we each of us bored a hole through a thin partition in the next yard, which is Seares's yard; I left him in the yard listening, and came back again into the shop; when I saw the brass again, the prisoner had one piece, and Seares the other; that was about three quarters of an hour after we had marked them.
Q. How was it you came to look among the cinders? - A. I suspected the prisoner of hiding things there; when I saw the cinders the day before, they were quite flat; and when I saw them then, they were heaped up in the middle.
Prisoner. Did you see me lay the things in the necessary? - A. No.


                  THOMAS
                   SEARES
               



             sworn.
I work for Messrs. Penton; the prisoner was employed by them. On the 12th of January, about five, or a few minutes before five o'clock, Mr. Penton desired me and Tilworth to go and mark some brass that was in the necessary, hid in some cinders from the furnace; Tilworth took out a pig broke in half, he marked one piece, with a small punch, in two places; and I marked the other piece in one place also, with a punch; we put them in the same place again, among the cinders; we returned to the shop where Tilworth works; and I got a gimblet and bored a hole in the wainscoat, and Tilworth bored another in my yard, which joins this place; he went into the shop to work, and I staid to watch in my own yard, till about twenty minutes, or a quarter before six o'clock; I heard a rustling among the cinders, it is a very thin partition, but I could not see any body, it was then dark; I looked through one of the holes, but there was no light on the other side; upon hearing the rustling among the cinders, I found that the person had got one out, because the rustling stopped; and in the space of half a minute, I heard it again; then I heard a person come out of the necessary into the passage that leads into the street; I then went along the passage of the house that I live in, they are parallel to one another, and at the end of the passage my street-door was open, and I saw the prisoner go by, and heard the gates shut, he went along the foot-pavement past me; I followed him about two doors, and spoke to him; I said to him, Thomas, where are you going; he said he was going to tea; I put my hand before his apron, and said, you have got that here that does not belong to you; he answered, no; I said, I was certain he had a pig of brass; he begged for me to let him go; he gave me a piece from under his apron; I told him I was sure he had more; his answer was, no; I rung the bell, and desired one of my shop-mates to send Tilworth down, and I sent him over to Mr. Penton's; in that time he gave me the other pig of brass, and said, he had never had more than half a dozen; then Mr. Penton came, and he was delivered to the constable, with the pieces of brass; he has had them ever since.
Q. In what part of Mr. Penton's premisses did this brass use to lie? - A. In the cellar of the house where the manufactory is carried on.
Q. Who had access to that cellar? - A. We always had to go to the counting-house for the key of the cellar, to get at the brass.
Q. Was it the business of one workman? - A. It was Cavernor's business to fetch it to the customers; he was the labourer.
Q. Did you afterwards search the cinders to see if the brass was gone?
Tilworth. I did, my Lord; they were then flat again.


                  SAMUEL
                   SINGLETON
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I was sent for on the 12th of January, about seven o'clock; when I came up, the prisoner and the two witnesses were all together; he had been stopped before I came. This brass(producing it) was delivered to me; I have had it ever since.(The punches were produced in Court, and fitted to the marks in the brass).
Mr. Penton. It came from Bristol; they are broke before they come to us.
Q. Is there any thing about that brass by which you should know it, independent of the place in which it was found? - A. No.
Q. You had brass of that kind? - A. Yes.
Q. Had the prisoner access to it? - A. He used to come for the key to the counting-house whenever he wanted it; he used to have it once or twice a day; I think he had had it that day, but I cannot be positive.
Q. You did not miss it, I suppose, out of thecellar? - A. It is impossible; I might be robbed of a ton and not know it; I have frequently from half a ton to four tons in my house at once.
Q. What is the value of these two pieces? - A. I have valued them at 2s. 6d. but they are worth 6s.
Prisoner's defence. Mr. Penton sent for me about five o'clock, and gave me two-pence for a basket of sand; at the same time, he knew I never paid more than three-halfpence for it; I fetched it, and pitched it in the yard; I went to look for him to give him the odd halfpenny; and, as I was coming back, I went into the necessary, and kicked my foot against this brass, and I picked it up out of the dust; I never saw the brass before in my life; I put it under my apron, and the last evidence stopped me with it; he took one pig from me, and I gave him the other.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 42.)
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


