





499. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HAWKES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of July
, forty-four pounds weight of lead, value 8s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Romney
                        




                     
                  , Esq
. fixed to a certain house of his
            , against the form of the statute.(The case was opened by Mr. Vaillant.)


                  WILLIAM
                   CAMBLIN
               



             sworn. - I am a patrol at Hampstead


: On the 25th of July I was upon my beat with Dyker; we met the prisoner with a load upon his back at half past two in the morning, upon the Heath, about a quarter of a mile from Mr. Romney's; I asked him what he had got there; he said, you see; I told him to stop, and I called my partner and took him to the watch-house, and under a high wall we found a quantity of lead; we took him to Mr. 
               
                  Bond
               


             the next morning, and he directed me to take him to Hatton-garden. Mr. Cook came up to Mr. Bond's house, and the lead was sent to the top of Mr. Romney's house; I did not go with it.


                  DAVID
                   DYKER
               



             sworn. - I was with Camblin, I collared the prisoner and assisted in taking him to Mr. Bond's; he had a quantity of lead upon his back; I went with Mr. Cook, the plumber, and the lead, to Mr. Romney's house; Mr. Cook fitted it to the top of the house.


                  THOMAS
                   COOK
               



             sworn. - I am a plumber; I put the lead upon the top of Mr. Romney's house; I was sent for by Mr. Bond on the 26th of July, and fitted the lead on, there were 44 pounds of it,(produces it); it was a hip that was taken off, and the nail-holes corresponded.
Q. Are you able to say with certaintly, that that lead came from the top of Mr. Romney's house? - A. Yes; I put the lead on the house originally, about five or six months before.
Prisoner's defence. I went to ease myself against the wall, and picked up the lead; I made no resistance.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 33).




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before The LORD CHIEF BARON.
