





431. 
               
                  ABRAHAM 
                  LEVY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of June
, a seven shilling piece
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Campbell
               




            .


                  JOHN
                   CAMPBELL
               



             sworn. - On the 24th of June, I saw the prisoner in Bedford-row


; he had seven oranges in a basket, I asked him the price; he said, I should have them for nine-pence; I told him, I could not carry them, I would not have them; he told me, I should have them for six-pence; I told him I would have them; I put my hand in my pocket and pulled out some money, and looked for a six-pence; while I was looking over the money, the prisoner put his hand into my hand and ran away with a seven shilling piece; I called out stop thief, and on the other side of the street he was caught hold of, somebody said, he has got it in his mouth; when they examined his month, there was a good guinea, two bad half-guineas, and a seven shilling piece bad (produces them); mine was a good seven shilling piece, but it is not there.
Q. Was he searched any where else? - A.Not that I know of; he was taken to Bow-street.
Q. Did you ever get your seven shilling piece again? - A. No, never.
Q. Are you quite positive he took the seven shilling piece from you? - A.Quite positive.
Q. How long was it between the moment that he took your seven seven shilling piece and the time he was taken hold of? - A. Only while he was running across into Princes-street.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. I take it, it you had seen your seven shilling piece you would not have been able to have sworn to it? - A.Mine was a good one.
Q. But there are a great many good ones, you know? - A. Yes, mine was not bent.
Q. He was stopped immediately? - A. Yes.
Q. Was he searched in your presence? - A. Yes.
Q. I believe, before the Justice, you swore, that the seven shilling piece you found in his mouth, was the one that he had taken from you? - A. No, I never did.
Court. Q. Do you know where you got that seven shilling piece that you lost? - A. Yes; I received it from a person of the name of Friend.
Q. I suppose you are careful when you receive money, that it is good? - A. Yes; the one that I received from Friend was a good one.


                  THOMAS
                   SHAW
               



             sworn. In the month of June, the particular day I cannot recollect, I was walking with a friend in Bedford-row, I heard a cry of stop him, stop him, he has robbed me, or words to that effect; I looked up and saw the prisoner running from the person, who just now gave his evidence; the prisoner had a small basket in his hand; Mr. Campbell was pursuing him, I assisted in the pursuit, and as he turned into Princes-street, I found he was seized; in an instant several people collected round; some person said, he has got the money in his mouth; in consequence of that, he immediately uttered the money from his mouth; there was a guinea, and I think, two half-guineas, and a seven shilling piece a little crooked; I advised him to take him to Bow-street, and I attended the Magistrate the next morning.
Prisoner's defence. I am innocent of the charge alledged against me; I have a very large family and always worked very hard; I am as innocent as the child unborn.
Q.(To Campbell.) What became of the oranges. - A. I do not know, they were left in the street.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him an excellent character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 34.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before LORD FLDON.
