





427. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     LUSBY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Peake
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of twelve in the night of the 25th of May
, with intent the goods in the said house, burglariously to steal, and stealing 11 planes, value 6s. a saw, value 1s. and two pair of leather shoes, value 4s. the property of the said James
            .


                  JAMES
                   PEAKE
               



             sworn. - I keep a house, No. 2, Worship-street, Finsbury-square


, I am a coach-maker
: On the 26th of May, about ten in the forenoon, I missed two pair of shoes out of the workshop, and about eleven, one of the officers came to tell me they had got my apprentice at the office, that was the prisoner; I got up about six o'clock in the morning, and found the door of the workshop open backwards.
Q. Is that work-shop a part of your dwelling-house? - A. No, it is not under the same roof; there is a little bit of a yard between, of about eight feet, more or less, or it may be ten feet; the dwelling-house fronts Worship-street, and we passthrough the dwelling-house into this small yard, and then there is a wash-house, and the work-shop is over that.
Q. Did you fasten it the night before? - A. No, my son did, he is not here; the back door of the shop had been opened, and the fastening thrown upon the ground, the window appeared to be just the same as usual. About ten o'clock in the morning, I missed two pair of shoes; I did not miss any thing else till I saw the planes at the office; and seeing a bag on the table, I thought I saw the toes of my shoes through the bag, there were eleven planes, a saw, and two pair of shoes in the bag; they were all mine.
Q. Where had this apprentice of your's been the night before? - A. He had left me a year and a half; I cancelled the indentures before a Magistrate.
Q. When had you seen the planes and the saw before? - A. I cannot positively say; I might have used them the day before, or perhaps not for two or three days; I had seen the shoes the day before, I hung them up myself.


                  JOHN
                   GLOVER
               



             sworn. - I am a patrol of St. John's, Hackney: On the 26th of May, about half-past two in the morning, I met the prisoner at a place called the Grove, at Hackney; seeing him with a bag, I asked him what he had got there; he said, carpenter's tools; I asked him where he was going with them, and he said, he was going to work at Mr. Brace's, at Walthamstow, where he was doing a job; I was not satisfied with that, and I took him to the watch-house; I searched him and found a number of duplicates upon him, the other officer took from him a pair of pistols.


                  JAMES
                   GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. - I was in the watch-house when the prisoner was brought in by Glover, and I searched him and found a brace of pistols in his waistcoat pocket. (Produces the pistols, and the property, which was deposed to by the prosecutor.)
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.




               GUILTY, of stealing the goods, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
