







215. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CARR
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                   alias 
LACEY




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of March

, one cornelian stone seal, set in gold, value 2 l. 10 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Janaway
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Wetherall
                        



                     
                  , privily in their shop
            :
And 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GARLAND
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               receiving the same knowing it to be stolen
            .
(Mr. Garrow opened the case.)


                  JOHN
                   GREGG
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to 
               
                  Thomas
                   Wetherall
               



             and 
               
                  John
                   Janaway
               



            . On Tuesday, the 13th of March, Smith and Carr came to our shop; they both came in together, and as companions; it was between three and four o'clock; Carr desired to look at some gold seals; and I took out several, and I proceeded to a sixth, which he said was the right one; my attention was taken off to some other customers, of the name of Mr. and Mrs. Parker; Smith said to Carr, have you done? Carr said, yes; and they both immediately went out of the shop; they had not only not purchased, but not asked the price of any thing; I thought they left me very abruptly, and I looked on the counter and perceived there were only five seals, though I had taken out six: the two prisoners kept close together, but Smith generally stood with his back to the counter, which gave him a command of the other side of the shop, where Mrs. Parker and Mrs. Janaway were behind the counter; I told Mr. Janaway, who just then came into the shop; and that they had stole the seals; he went out and brought them back in two or three minutes; they both at first were accused of having stolen the seals; they both denied it: the constable, Hillier, was sent for; when they saw Mr. Janaway was determined to commit them, they both of them offered to pay for the seal, and desired to know the price of it; I cannot say which spoke first; I believe I told them the price of the seal, because I knew the particular one that was gone; the price was two guineas and a half; but Mr. Janaway said, he would not take any money; if they were to offer him one thousand pounds hewould not accept it; they whispered several times together, and much wished to have private conversations with Mr. Janaway or Mr. Hilliard; Smith went once to Mr. Janaway into our private door passage, but I was not present; Mr. Janaway told them he was determined to commit them; but I should observe one thing, they took out their money and joined it together, which did not amount quite to twenty shillings; but one of them, I cannot say which, offered his watch as a security; that of course was undoubtedly refused; Mr. Janaway said, he only wanted his property; Mrs. Janaway was in the shop, and might see what passed; she is not here; on a coach being called, the two prisoners, Smith and Carr, Hilliard the constable, Mr. Janaway, and myself, got into the coach: it was ordered to drive to the Compter: Smith and Carr whispered together again in the coach; and then Carr said to Mr. Janaway, if the seal is produced shall it all end? will you let us go? Mr. Janaway replied, he would make them no promise whatever: Hilliard, I think, or Mr. Janaway, asked Carr if the seal could be produced immediately? Carr said it could; Smith proposed that Mr. Janaway should let him and the other prisoner go, and Hilliard to make himself answerable for the return of the seal to Mr. Janaway; Mr. Hilliard said, that was impossible, as he had never seen the seal, nor did he know it: the coach stopped at the Compter door; but instead of going in, Carr desired it might drive to the Cape Coast Castle, in Leadenhall-street; but Hillard said that was so bad a house that he would not go there; and I think Hilliard mentioned some house in Lombard-street; the coach went on to the publick-house in Leadenhall-street; there Hilliard and Carr got out for the purpose of fetching the seal, leaving Smith with us; they came back in about ten minutes; Hilliard said he knew the person that had got the seal, it was one Garland; two other men returned to the coach with Hilliard and Carr; one of them, whose name is Polock, offered to do anything to assist Carr; Polock was desired by Carr to go to the Half Moon, in Aldersgate-street, to see Garland, and to tell him to stop there till we come; the coach was then ordered to Aldersgate-street; as we were going to Jewin-street it stopped, without any orders from withinside; Polock, and the other man that we had seen in Leadenhall-street first, came up to the coach window, as it drew up to the pavement; they did not come close to the window, they stood opposite, with their backs against the houses; they were instantly joined by Garland; that was the first time I ever saw him; he looked into the coach, and then withdrew behind the back pannel of the coach; I was sitting with my face to the horses, so that I, in consequence, lost sight of him; at the very instant of his withdrawing almost, a glove was put into the coach by a hand, which came from the part to which he had withdrawn; I could see nothing but the hand; the glove was given into the hand of Carr, and in it I saw Carr take out of the glove the gold seal; it was not put in the glove, but wrapped in it; I wished to see Garland again; and I looked through the little round window behind the coach, and I saw him coming from behind the coach to the other side of the way.
Are you positive then that Garland is the man that delivered in the glove at the coach window? - Quite positive.
No doubt about it? - Not the least in the world. As the coach was drawing up Hilliard sat next to the pavement, and he said, here comes Garland with the seal; the prisoners wished to be released; Mr. Janaway said, he could not think of doing that, he should commit them, and put them under the jurisdiction of the Lord Mayor: I have the seal; it has been in my possession ever since; (produced and deposed to) I am sure that was the sixth seal which Carr approved off; it has been in the house I should suppose, six years; I have repeatedly brushed it.
Mr. Leach, counsel for prisoner Smith.
What time of day was it? - Between three and four.

Smith never appeared in the character of a purchaser? - Not at all.


                  JOHN
                   JANAWAY
               



             sworn.
I am in partnership with Mr. Wetherall. I saw six seals on the counter, and my man said, Sir, they have got a seal; Carr and Smith were standing near, but Lacey was standing, with his back to the other, seeming to me to wish to divert our attention from Carr; I pursued them, and told them they had taken a seal, and insisted on their coming back; they had turned up the passage to the market; they totally denied it both of them; I sent for the constable; I had them both searched; nothing was found upon them; Lacey, that is Smith, was the first person that called me aside; he asked me if the seal was produced, whether all would stop? I told him I would have no private negotiation whatever with him, and immediately withdrew from him; they offered to pay any money for the seal, and pressed me very much to take the money for the seal; I said, if you would give me a thousand guineas I will not take it; they both of them made me that offer; but Lacey was more solicitous than Carr; I think it was Smith that proposed the seal should be forth coming in half an hour; after some conversation, Hilliard said, can the seal be produced? and Carr said, it could, and if they would drive to the sign of the Cape Coast Castle he would get the seal; but Hilliard said, it was an infamous house, and my life would be in danger, and they would not permit me to go; then they drove to another house in Leadenhall-street, and Hilliard and Carr got out; and when they returned Hilliard said, I know who has the seal, a man of the name of Garland; two men were standing at the door of this publick-house, one named Polock, who is here; Carr desired Polock to go to the house in Aldersgate-street, where he would find Garland, and to tell him to stop there till the coach came there; going down Jewin-street the coach suddenly stopped; not by any orders from us; and immediately I saw two men come up, Polock and another man; Hilliard said, as the coach was stopping, here comes Garland with the seal; then I saw Garland come up; he went to the back part of the coach, and presently there came a hand into the coach with a glove, but whose hand it was I cannot say; that glove contained the seal; the prisoners were taken to the Compter; Garland was apprehended by order of the Lord Mayor, the next day but one; it is our seal, the property of myself and partner; I have had it five or six years; it is what we call an old shop-keeper.
Mr. Knowlys. I ask you whether you do not know Carr to be a young man very respectably related and very decently brought up? - Yes; I am sorry to know it.
Mr. Leach. I believe the prisoner Smith stated him to be a man of fortune and character? - Yes.
Did Smith appear at all to interfere with respect to the purchase of the seal? - No: I looked upon him as a thief when he came into the shop; he wanted to divert my attention.
In the coach, as you was going along, I believe you thanked him, and was obliged to him for his interference? - I may have said things improperly.
Did not you in terms thank him? - I cannot say I did.
Did not you say so in terms?
Prisoner Smith. You will pardon me, Sir, when I observe he has a very convenient memory.
Prosecutor. When the man came into the shop, I formed a very different opinion of him to what I do now; I considered that victim in the middle, Carr, to be a guilty man; but I believe him now to be drawn in by the other two villains.
Then there was nothing in the appearance of Smith of a guilty man at the time? - No; but he urged more particularly that it would be the ruin of him if he was to go before a magistrate; he said that Carr was a man of fortune.
Prisoner Smith. Did not you say that you were very unhappy to have me committed, but that the next day you would do your endeavours to have me liberated? -I did represent to the magistrate that it was through you I got my seal.
I think you stated that Smith remained with you in the coach? - Lacey offered me any money.
Mr. Knapp, prisoner Garland's counsel.
How long a time might elapse from the time you set off from your door to Jewin-street? - About forty or fifty minutes.
The person, whoever it was, that put the glove in the coach you did not see? - No; I only saw a hand.
You understood that Polock knew Garland? - Yes.
Had the coach stopped in Jewin-street before Polock came up or afterwards? - Polock came up with another man, and I suppose was the means of the coach stopping.
How long after do you suppose that Garland came up? - Immediately.


                  RICHARD
                   HILLIARD
               



             sworn.
When I went into the shop I saw Carr and Smith; I knew Carr very well; Smith I had seen: Mr. Janaway desired I would take these two men backwards, and search them; I searched them very correctly, and I was convinced they had nothing about them; Mr. Janaway did not seem satisfied, and thought they had it about them; I searched them a second time; in the course of the second search the prisoner Carr seemed desirous to make Mr. Janaway satisfaction for the seal, by offering to pay for it; Mr. Janaway declined it; and Smith repeatedly said, if you know any thing of the seal let the gentleman have it; we were half an hour in this way; Mr. Janaway at last gave me charge of them; the coach was called; we got into it; I desired Mr. Janaway and his young gentleman to accompany me to the Compter; the prisoner Carr said, if we go to the publick-house I think I shall be able to get it for you; where shall we drive to? says Carr, we will drive to the Cape Coast Castle; that is a house which I knew; it is frequented by several bad people; I did not think the place fit to take a gentleman to; and we drove to the City Arms, in Lombard-street; the person was not there, and we drove to the Bull's-head, in Leadenhall-street; when we got out of the coach, I said to Carr, where are you going, says he, I am going to Chapman's; says he, if I can see Garland I shall get the seal; I have known Garland a number of years; we went to Chapman's; he was not there; we returned to the coach and drove to the Half Moon, Aldersgate-street; turning the corner of Jewin-street I saw Garland at a distance; says I, here comes Garland: I had seen Polock in Leadenhall-street; the prisoner Carr had desired Polock to look for Garland; I believe I said here comes Garland with the seal; in an instant Garland came to the coach-door, Mr. Janaway and I and Gregg sat with our faces to the horses; Garland retired to the hind pannel of the coach, so that we lost sight of him, and in a minute a glove was put into the coach, that glove was given to Carr, Carr gave it to Mr. Janaway, and out of that glove came the seal.
Mr. Knowlys. I believe you know that Carr has been very well brought up? - I have known Carr, not intimately; but I say upon my oath I have been fourteen years with Mr. West, at the Poultry-compter, and I declare he has never been in custody there.
Mr. Leach. Carr was seemingly very desirous to make satisfaction, and Smith said, If you know any thing of the seal, give it to the gentleman? - He certainly did.
And seemed very anxious Carr should restate the seal, if he had it? - He certainly did.
Mr. Janaway at that time did declare that he really thought Smith was innocent? - He did.
Did he make use of any terms expressive of his satisfaction? - He said, he was very sorry for Smith.
Prisoner Smith. Did you hear the prosecutor at any time say, Why give him trouble? - The prosecutor said, when terms were offered to him, I will accept of none; all I want is my property.
Did you think Carr would have beenliberated, on production of the seal, or detained? - Mr. Janaway using the expression, all I want is my seal: he always, from the first moment, seemed very favourable to you, but very much against Carr.
Did he not say, that it was merely on my account, and my honest behaviour, that he had gone so far, and given himself so much trouble? - Something of that sort was mentioned, but the words I cannot recollect.
Prisoner Garland. Whether or not there were not three men at the coach side besides myself? - There were two or three; two I saw.
Prisoner Smith. Did I at any time express my knowledge of those houses that you spoke of? - No, I do not recollect that you did.


                  MOSES
                   POLOCK
               



             sworn.
I know Mr. Carr well enough; I cannot say I know any thing else of the other two, much.
Mr. Garrow. Much! What do you mean by much? - Why, I know nothing at all of Smith?
Never saw him before? - I have seen him.
How often? - Why, may be three or four times.
In company with whom? - Why, may be I have seen him in the street by himself.
Now do not give me any more of your may bes; with whom have you seen him? - I have not seen him in company with any body; I may be saw him walking in the street by himself.
Did you never see him in company with any body? - With somebody that I know nothing of; never saw him in company with the prisoners in my life: I have known Garland by sight four or five months.
Do you remember being applied to by Mr. Carr to go any where on this day? - I was to go to Cape Coast Castle to see for Garland; I came back to the Black Bull, in Leadenhall-street, I said he was not there; he desired me to go to the Half Moon in Aldersgate-street to tell Mr. Garland to wait there till he came; going along I met Mr. Garland the corner of Philpot-lane, London-wall; says I, Mr. Carr wants you at the Half Moon, he is coming there in a coach; going along Jewin-street the coach overtook us, and Mr. Carr saw Garland, and he said Mr. Garland I want that there as I gave you; and Mr. Garland took a glove out of his hat that he had on his head, with a false lining, and put the glove into the coach.
That is the same Mr. Garland that is there? - Yes, it is.
And that is the same Mr. Carr that was in the coach? - Yes.
What name did you know Mr. Smith by? - I never knew him by any particular name.
You did not know his name? - No, Sir.
Mr. Knapp. Garland went with you directly? - Yes.
When Carr called Garland, he immediately attended to his call? - He did.


                  WILLIAM
                   HOPKINS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Parker: my master and mistress were at Mr. Janaway's shop on this day, I saw the two prisoners go into the shop; I saw them in the street some little time before, they were looking at the shop; they seemed to be looking at some seals.
Did they appear to be looking about the shop in any way that made an impression on you? - Yes, I thought they looked rather suspicious; they went in together; they continued in some little time, not a great while; they came out again together, one after another, in a great hurry; I saw the stoutest of the two, that is Carr, give something to a tall person in the street, and that person immediately ran.
How near was the other gentleman in blue to the short man at the time he gave something to the tall man? - They were running one after another as near as they could: Mr. Janaway brought them back again almost immediately. The prisoner Garland looks something like the tall man to whom Carr gave something; I cannot say he was the man; he was such a made man.


                  ROBERT
                   NEWMAN
               



             sworn.
I am one of the city constables; I apprehendedGarland on Thursday, the 22d of March; I did not search him.
Prisoner Carr. I leave it to my counsel.


                  HENRY
                   NORTH
               



             sworn.
I live in Tooley-street, a glass-manufacturer; I have known Carr a great many years, twenty years; I never knew any harm of him; I always thought him a very honest man.
Mr. Garrow. My Lord, my friend has a great many more to character; I know Mr. North to be a very respectable man; as far as character goes, you may suppose he has called one hundred respectable witnesses.
Mr. Leach, on the part of Smith. I have many respectable witnesses.
PRISONER SMITH's DEFENCE.
My Lord, if you will permit me to trespass on your patience while I represent facts, which, I trust, will impress your Lordship and the Jury with the clearest idea of my innocence; I had been returning from Greenwich, and unfortunately met Mr. Carr; he asked me to walk with him, I readily complied; I went with him; we had some little discourse respecting the lottery; he said he had great success; he had a watch without a seal, we went in to see some seals: however Mr. Janaway may prevaricate himself, they entirely exculpated me of any wish to divert their attention: on some disagreement Mr. Carr left the shop; I immediately left the shop, and followed him; prior to this there was a person in company with Carr; he did not go into the shop; he went to the front shop; Carr joined this man, shook hands, and bid him a good day: we proceeded a little way further, and Janaway followed us; he said he had lost his seal; and while I remained in the shop, the circumstance of this man being in company, I was under some agitation of mind; Mr. Janaway repeatedly exculpated me, gave me all those assurances that he wanted nothing with me, wanted nothing but his property; from those expressions, and the intimacy I had with Carr, induced me to say to him, If you have the gentleman's property, restore it to him: Hilliard joined in my entreaties, and said Carr, why not return the gentleman his property; under these solicitations, and under the influence as I then seemed, and as Hilliard repeatedly said at our examination; he said, you speak to him; I immediately said to Mr. Janaway, If Carr will produce your seal, will you drop the business; he said, I want nothing but my property; now they had entirely exculpated me with any knowledge of the houses to whom the coach was to drive to; at the time his seal was produced, I rather thought that Carr and myself should be liberated; I thought I merited thanks for the pains I took; he has thought proper since to change his opinion of me: whatever the verdict may be I must bow with resignation: the person's name in company was 
               
                  Thomas
                   Stout
               



            .


                  THOMAS
                   STOUT
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner Smith; I was in company with him, Tuesday fortnight, the 13th of March, about nine in the morning, between nine and ten; we went to Greenwich together; he came to my house, and asked me to make him a pair of shoes; we returned from Greenwich, and were coming the right-hand side from Cheapside; we returned at three o'clock; there was Carr; he said, how do you do, Smith; it was in a passage, where they sell Burton-ale, in Cheapside; says he, I am going to buy a seal, I have had money in the lottery; I thought he was a gentleman that spoke to Smith; I heard every word that was said between them all the time; I think it was past three, to the best of my recollection; and they asked me whether I would go, and I said I must go home; another man came and said, how do you do altogether, or how do you do, gentlemen? Then I quitted them immediately: I know nothing of the felony, the least in the world.
Did you, during this time, see Carr pull out a watch? - Yes.
Prisoner Smith. Was it possible that Carr and I could have made any agreement to purloin any thing, without your privacy orknowledge? - No, I heard all the conversation.
Mr. Garrow. What makes you recollect that it was the 17th of March in preference to any other day? - The 17th! it was the 13th, on Tuesday; I had an appointment, at home, with 
               
                  Sarah
                   Skinner
               



            ; she is not here; I live at No. 4, Phoenix-street, Soho.
Who is your landlord? - Mr. Martin; he is a taylor; I am a shoemaker; I work for my acquaintance; I do not keep any journeymen; and when I have not work enough of that, I work for any body that employs me.
So then the first person that joined your friend Smith was Carr, and he pulled out his watch? - I do not know; that is him.
Was that gentleman, the tall gentleman, Garland, the gentleman that came up? - I cannot say it was him.
Upon your oath, Sir? - I will take my oath that I never saw that man in my life till now.
Very well? - That I will swear; what I say is not till now; and what I call not till now, is not to know him; I never was in company with Garland before till I saw him now, if I was to lose my life.
Do you know Mr. Lacey? - I do not know Mr. Lacey: I have known Mr. Smith near a twelvemonth; he has lived in Skinner-street, No. 2.
Is he a married man? - For any thing I know; he is not my acquaintance or friend; I never was at his house, nor no where at all particularly.
Why you have been at Greenwich together? - He lived at No. 2, Skinner-street, for some time, for any thing I know; I never was at his house I told you; he was married I always understood.
And had many children? - I do not know that.
How did you go to Greenwich? - Why, on foot.
And returned on foot? - Yes, both of us together.
Nobody else in company at all? - No.
What trade did your friend follow, Mr. Smith? - A taylor.
Worked for you? - No, never did any work for me in his life.
How happened it now, think you, that the attorney found you out to subpoena you, because you never talked of this to any body? - Any body may find me out; I have lived twenty-eight years within five minutes walk of Charing-cross; I suppose Mr. Smith had told the attorney to go to Mr. Stout's.
Was you here before ever? - No, Sir; nor never was in a cause, or a trial, before in my life.
What is your name? - My name is 
               
                  Thomas
                   Tout
               



            .
Without an S.? - I do not think you behave like a gentleman at all.


                  WILLIAM
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn.
I live in Pennington-street, Ratcliff-highway; I have known Smith nearly two years; I never heard any thing of him but very honest.
Mr. Garrow. What business are you? - A house-broker.
What business was the prisoner? - A taylor.
You have known him intimately for two years? - Yes.
Where did he live? - In Skinner-street.
You have visited him there? - Yes.
Frequently? - Yes.
Was he a married man? - Yes.
Any children? - I do not know.
Do you know Garland or Carr? - No.
Has Smith lived all the time you have known him in Skinner-street? - No.
Where did he live before that? - I cannot tell; he has lived there about twelve or fourteen months; I came acquainted with him through an acquaintance of mine.
What is his name? - Fisher.
Is he here? - No; he is a hosier, in Holborn.
You never knew Mr. Smith by any other name but that? - No, Sir, never.
Never knew him by the name of Lacey? - No.
Had you ever occasion to attend here before for any friend of yours? - No, never.
Prisoner Smith. I will call no more; I think it is sufficient; I do not think it is adoubtful cause; I will not call any more witnesses.
PRISONER GARLAND's DEFENCE.
I had been in Jewin-street, the 13th of March, drinking at the Bull's-head, four or five hours; I came out by chance, and going home I saw three men; this Mo. Polock, and two more men; I cast my eye into the coach, and went on; as for 
               
                  Moses
                   Polock
               



            , he is a common gambler; his brother has been cast for death; and he has been taken up for stealing tobacco; and I hope you will give some credit to that: I never was nigh Cheapside that day: my witnesses were here yesterday, but not today.


                  THOMAS
                   CARR
               



            , 
               
                  JAMES
                   SMITH
               



            ,




               GUILTY of stealing, but not privately
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   GARLAND
               



            ,



               GUILTY of receiving
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
