






452. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     MOSES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of June
, a leather pocketbook, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Munns
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCIS
                   GRAY
               



             sworn.
I was going down Cheapside


, I thought I felt something at my pocket; the prisoner was a few yards before me, I suspected him; I saw him put it under his coat, and he took to running; I pursued him and stopped him, and he gave it me; he then run away again, and I called stop-thief; he was stopped, and I took him before Sir 
               
                  Richard
                   Glynn
               



            ; it was my master's book, 
               
                  Charles
                   Munns
               



            , it is a book that has always been used in the business by the clerks.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q. There was a crowd of people about you? - A. The same as in general in such a public street as that.
Q. Had you seen the prisoner behind you? - A. I did not take any notice of having seen him before; I applied my hand to my pocket, and missed my book, and he was then a yard and a half, or two yards from me.
Q. He gave it you the moment you asked him for it? - A. Yes.
Q. Who gave you that book? - A. When the other clerk went away he left the book and I took it.
Q. Is it not usual for the master to give the books to his clerks when they have done? - A. I believe not.(The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called seven witnesses who gave him a good character).



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 30.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Justice BULLER.
