





87. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SIMMONS
                  




               
             was indicted, for that 


               he on the 6th of December
, with a certain offensive weapon, called a stick, which he then and there, in his righthand had and held, on 
                     
                        John 
                        Barlow
                     




                  , unlawfully and feloniously did make an assault, with a felonious intent to rob him
            .
A SECOND COUNT, for that he on the same day, feloniously did make an assault on the same person, and in a forcible and violent manner, feloniously did demand his goods, chattels, and monies, with a felonious intent to rob him.


                  JOHN
                   BARLOW
               



             sworn.
I live in Holborn, on the 6th of this month, I was coming out of the country, coming down Cow-lane, a few doors down Cow-lane


, there was a bit of a dispute with somebody, there were three of them stopped me I was on horse back, they struck me first before ever they said any thing to me. Three young men about the prisoner's size; I was stagnated almost with the blows I received over the temple; they had long sticks a piece, I resisted to go forward, the mare knocked one or two of them down, but there was always one or two of them up, and they beat me back again to Smithfield; they did not ask me for any money, they said, I must give my property, or they would have my bloody guts, they repeated these words several times before any body came up to my assistance; I rode up to a public-house and hallooed out, and somebody came by, and they ran away; I would not pretend to be positive that this man was the man that struck me or demanded my money; they were all pretty much alike, and it was very dark; I am positive he was one, he had a stick in his hand; I was advised to follow them, I did, and they ran down Chick-lane; this man was taken in about five or six minutes; I saw him in six minutes, or rather more. I have no doubt he is one of the three.


                  JOHN
                   EADES
               



             sworn.
I am a porter at Leadenhall-market; on the 6th of December, I was coming up Cow-lane, from a job of work between five and six, very nigh six, at the top of Cow lane, I saw three men with sticks in their hands, and they turned this gentleman's horse about several times, and struck both him and his horse several times, and they made use of words take his property, or cut his bloody mouth open or rip his guts open, they said this different times over; I never lost sight of the prisoner till I took him, with that when the gentleman rid up to the public house he called for assistance, and they turned down to the top of Chick-lane, and I followed them, I caught hold of two, but one got away, and this one I took, I am sure he is one of the three.
Prisoner. Was I coming up Chick-lane or going down? - You were all three together going down, and I never was above three or four yards off.
Court to Barlow. Had you ever quarrelled with these people? - I knew nothing of them before.
Prisoner. I had been to my mother, and I was very much in liquor, and coming right down Long-lane, coming that way there was two more young fellows walking before me, they hit this gentleman, and run away, and this man came, and was riding, and struck one of the two first, and then they struck the gentleman.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 29.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
