





230. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BRYANT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of May
 last, fifteen yards three quarters of woollen cloth, value 6 l. 3 s. eighteen yards three quarters of ditto, value 6 l. 9 s. fifteen yards ditto, value 3 l. 10 s. fourteen yards of ditto, value 5 l. 13 s. nineteen yards and an half of ditto, value 4 l. 2 s. and three yards of canvas, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jackson
                  




               
            .
The case opened by Mr. Knowlys.


                  GEORGE
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Jackson
               



            , he is the proprietor of the Leeds waggon
, three weeks last Monday a truss was put into the Leeds waggon to London; it was directed to Read and Co. Inverness; I loaded it into the waggon at Leeds, it was removed into a cart at Ponder's End


, I loaded it into the cart, there were several other goods in the cart, we mostly bring a cart with us; three men came after us, and they went past me, and I them, and then they me; I suspected and watched them, it was about eleven in the forenoon, and the man on horseback, who is not here, rode up and cut the cord; the three men in the cart were just behind him, and the prisoner pulled the truss off our cart into their cart; I am certain the prisoner is the man: they drove away with it as fast as they could in the cart: I drove the waggon into the town of Tottenham


, and got a man to stand by it, and I rode after them; Wood, my companion, was behind at the time the matter happened; I went to some brick-fields, where some men were making bricks, and I saw the four men with the cart; I pursued them about a mile, I lost sight of them, I saw the truss in the cart; I rode up to them, and these four men came running, and pulled me off the horse's back; and two of them, each took up a brick, and said, if I meddled they would kill me; and the prisoner and another man got the horse and cart out of the shed, and they rode away with the cart, and the two other men held me; they turned my horse into the field, and I went into the town, and met Wood my partner coming, and several more, and I went back to the brick-fields; I had tired my horse, so I went back to the waggon, and took care of that; I am sure the prisoner whom I saw with Wood, was the same man I saw in the cart.
Mr. Garrow. You never saw the men before? - No.
How near to Tottenham? - Three or four miles.
Had you taken any thing else out of the waggon into the cart? - Yes, several things.
You was near the weighing engine then? - Yes.
Where did you take the goods out; how long before you had got to the weighing-engine? - About four miles.
Did you take any particular account of packages that you took? - No.
This was about eleven in the forenoon? - Yes.
There were a good many people on the road? - Yes, a good many.
Did you give any alarm before you got to Tottenham? - No.
Did you desire any of the people to pursue? - Yes, I did; a lady sent two of her servants to Stamford-hill.
You never saw the man in your life? - No.


                  DAVID
                   WOOD
               



             sworn.
I was in company with the last witness, Igalloped into Tottenham, and had information the parties had rode up White-hart-lane, I found them at Wood-green; I met Smith on the road, I went to the public-house, and asked the landlady about them; I found the prisoner running up a hedge side to get away, I suppose, and caught him the collar; I told him he had robbed my waggon; he said he knew nothing of it; I brought him to the public-house, I made him get upon my poney, and come with me on my poney; I was coming towards Tottenham, and in about thirty yards three men came to my assistance; we came back to the public house, and brought his horse and cart away with us, that he had rode in; I asked him if he knew any thing of the truss; I made him no promise of favour; he said a young man was seeking for the truss, and the prisoner said, it is in that bush, let me go; the young man put up his hand as a signal that he had found the truss; and when he saw that, he jumped on the poney to run away; I got up after him, and knocked him down, and he was secured; the truss that was found in the bush is the same that was taken from the waggon; two iron crows were found besides the truss.
Mr. Garrow. You are the waggoner? - Yes.
You pay for what is lost? - No, Sir.
Your master pays for losses? - I suppose so.
How many porters are there? - Only one in the Leeds waggon.


                  JOSEPH
                   OAKES
               



             sworn.
I was present when this truss was found in the ditch; 
               
                  James
                   Sitton
               



             found it, I saw the prisoner then, he was on a poney behind the waggoner; as soon as the truss was found he attempted to escape, but was afterwards secured.


                  JAMES
                   SITTON
               



             sworn.
The waggoner told me he was robbed, I saw the cart and Mr. Bryant in it: (that gentleman that stands here.) I found the truss in the place where the cart passed by, the prisoner was three quarters of a mile off, I carried it about thirty yards.
(The truss produced, and the contents deposed to.)
- BEILBY sworn.
I took possession of the truss and these implements, as an officer of Clerkenwell.
Wood. This is the same truss that was in the Leeds waggon, it is directed, 
               
                  James
                   Read
               



            , and Co. Inverness.
Court. What is the value of the trusses? - About twenty-five pounds, or upwards.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was drinking at a house at Wood-green, and this man came up and challenged two or three people in the house; says he, you are one, and I went with him.
The prisoner called three witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.




[Transportation. See summary.]


