





489. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     LEVY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of July
, two linen sheets, value 14s. a cotton counterpane, value 168. and a pillow-case, value 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Lazarus 
                           Phillips
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  ANN
                   PHILLIPS
               



             sworn.
On Wednesday, the 13th of July, the prisoner took a furnished lodging at my house, he was to pay fourteen shillings a week; he told me he was a banker's clerk
, that his name was Thompson, that he lived at Messrs. Drummond's, Charing-cross, he was to come the next day; he came to the lodging about ten o'clock, I carried the water and bason up stairs, and lighted him up myself; he asked if he could go out early in the morning without disturbing the family? I told him he could, his door would not be locked; and as it was so late I did not like to go out for his character, and he asking to go out soon in the morning, I suspected him, and I locked the door, and put the key in my pocket, and desired the servant to get up early; my husband went out at five, I got up at six, and found the door locked; the prisoner came down stairs, and asked what it was o'clock? I made answer it was about six; he was going out but the door was fast, and I went up stairs to see that every thing was safe, and when I got up to the second floor, I saw my curtains cut down in a heap upon the bed, I missed two sheets, a counterpane, and pillow-case; he turned up stairs, and I asked him where my things were? and he said, if I would let him go I should have all my things back; the counterpane was in his handkerchief, and the sheets round his body, under his waistcoat, and under his small cloaths, and he threw the sheets on the bed; the pillow-case was in his small cloaths; I know them to be mine, (produces them); the sheets, when they were first washed, were marked with a pen and ink, and the counterpane has a stain of oil that I can swear to it by; there is no mark upon the pillow-case, but I know it is mine because it is runand not felled. I sent for a constable, and he was sent to the watch-house.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Do you know how long he had taken these lodgings for? - A. He supposed he should want them for some time, he did not mention any time.
Q. He gave you some money in earnest? - A. Yes.
Q. You are a widow woman? - A. No; my husband's name is Lazarus Phillips.
- WILLIAMS sworn.
I am servant to Mrs. Phillips; I saw the prisoner come in to his lodging and go up stairs; in the morning he was coming down, I met him in the passage, and he asked me what time it was? and I said about six; he had a parcel under his right arm, I saw him put his left hand upon the lock of the door to try to open the door, and it was fast; he then said, he forgot something in his room last night, and then he returned up stairs, and left the bundle in the passage, which was the counterpane, and I carried it up stairs; he asked us to go out of the room, and then he would unbutton himself, and leave the things, and then we could not punish him; I saw him unbutton his waistcoat and take the sheets off his body, and likewise his small cloaths, and take out the pillow-case.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. His own bundle, that he brought over night, he left behind him? - A. I suppose so, I don't know.


                  RICHARD
                   GREEN
               



             sworn.
I am an officer, I apprehended the prisoner; he asked me, as I was taking him down to the watch-house, whether he had best deny it or own to it; I asked him how he could deny it when the things were found upon him; he said that was very true.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. I suppose your opinion upon the subject was, that he was more fool than knave? - A. Yes.
Prisoner's defence. The prosecutrix has said, that I told her my name was Thompson; I said no such thing; I asked her, did she not know a person of the name of Thompson, that lodged at her house one time; she said the believed she did.(The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a good character).
Prisoner. I did not intend to wrong this woman; I was very much in liquor, and I had some business to do, which when it was done, I had a certain sum of money to receive; I did not intend to wrong this woman, my intention was to replace them.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 39).




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
