





126. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of January
, two deal boxes, value 6d. a glass bottle, value 2d. half a pint of lavender water, value 6d. another glass bottle, value 3d. a quarter of a pint of a certain liquid, value 6d. a cross, value 5s. and 4 lbs. weight of polishings from silver, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  John Willan

               
            , 
               Thomas Marriott

            , 
               Daniel Parkin

            , 
               Barnard Levi

            , 
               
                  Jeremiah Briggs

               
            , 
               Robert Bruce

            , 
               Thomas Gray

            , 
               
                  William Lovat

               
            , 
               
                  Samuel Peach

               
            , and 
               
                  John Hick

               
            .
The case was opened by Mr. Raine.
JOHN PASCOE sworn - Examined by Mr. Raine. I am agent to Messrs. Read and Co. of Sheffield: On Tuesday last, I packed up a box, containing trials of silver and gold, polishings of silver, and sent them to the Bull-and-Mouth Inn


.
Q.Whereabout was the value? - A. About twenty shillings; I directed it to Read, Lucas and Read, Sheffield. I sent it by my servant, Frances Hurst, to go by the Leeds mail.
FRANCES HURST sworn. - Examined by Mr. Raine. I carried a box, last Thursday, and gave it to a gentleman at the office, I gave him two-pence with it.
Q. Who was that? - A. Mr. Cooke.


                  WILLIAM
                   COOKE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Raine. I am clerk to Messrs. Willan and Marriott, at the Bull-and-Mouth: I received, on Tuesday last, a box from the last witness, directed to Read, Lucas and Read, Sheffield, to go by the Leeds mail-coach; it was entered on the books, No. 8; she paid me 2d. for booking it; it was delivered to the porter that always loads the coaches.


                  JAMES
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Raine. I am in the service of Mr. Mortimer, gun maker; On Tuesday last, I was sent to the Bull-and-Mouth with a package, about half past seven o'clock, or rather more; I carried a box to go by the Shrewsbury mail-coach; I delivered this box to the bookkeeper, and desired him, if possible, to put it into the coach; he said, he would, if he could; I paid the carriage of it, and desired him to take care of it; my orders were to deliver it to the book-keeper, and see it off, I waited about the yard till the boxes and all the other things were brought out; I desired that my box might be put in the coach, but they said, it could not, it was a box, and must go into the boot; just after, while it was on the ground, the prisoner at the bar came up and laid hold of it, says I, my worthy, that is not your box; he looked at it, and said, he believed it was not; he put it down immediately; and sometime after that, I saw him get up to the boot, I watched his motions, I knew that my box was in the boot; soon after, I saw him jump down from the box close by the coachman, with a great coat under his arm, and said, he was going by the Shrewsbury coach; a lad in the yard desired him to go into the office, and pay the fare; I did not see him go in, and that made me pay more attention to him; when he jumped down from the box, it appeared to me as though his coat was more bulky then it was before; I watched him, and soon afterwards he went out; I followed him, and I spoke to another man, who followed him with me; I caught hold of him with the property upon him; he said, what is the matter; I said, nothing was the matter; I asked what he had got under his arm; he said, a great coat; I asked him what he had under his great coat; I pulled the coat on one side, and saw the two boxes in his hand; he then gave me a blow, which set me a reeling, and he ran away; the other man followed him, and brought him back; he took the great coat and the boxes, and gave them to Mr. Cooke, the bookkeeper, at the Inn.


                  ROBERT
                   PRATT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Raine. I am ostler to Messrs. Willan and Marriott: On Tuesday last, the last witness informed me, that aman was gone out of the yard that he suspected; I followed him, I ran against a link boy, it was bad walking, my light went out, and I slipped down; I got up, and Davis caught hold of him; just as I got up to him, being facing a baker's shop, where there was a light, I saw him drop the boxes and the coat, which Davis took up; I followed him, and never lost fight of him till Andrews secured him; he then said, what have I done; says I, come along with me, and I will soon tell you what you have done; Andrews and I took him back to the yard.


                  SAMUEL
                   ANDREWS
               



             sworn. - I stopped the prisoner, and brought him back, with the last witness, and then he owned the great coat to be his.
Q.(To Cooke). Do you remember the boxes being brought back to your yard? - A. Yes; one of them was directed to Read, Lucas and Read, Sheffield; that was brought back by Davis, and given to me, with a great coat and another box; it was the same box that I had received from Hurst.


                  THOMAS
                   MARRIOTT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Raine. I am in partnership with John Willan.(Proves the names of the proprietors of the Sheffield mail-coach









).
Prisoner's defence. I went to see a friend of mine off with the mail-coach, I took farewell of him; I had my great coat upon my arm, I heard a cry of stop thief, I stopped to see what was the matter; I directly saw two boxes at my feet, but I did not know any thing of them; and this man came up, and said, I had taken them.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 36.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first London Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
