




125. 
               
                  ROBERT
                   MILES
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of December
, 144 copper buttons gilt with gold, value 3s. 6d. 144 copper buttons plated with silver, value 12s. 144 base metal buttons plated with silver, value 2s. and thirty-six yards of silk ferret, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Carpenter
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Ashness
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Boyden
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Ashness
                  



               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Jackson.)


                  GEORGE
                   ASHNESS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Jackson. We are warehousemen



, our firm is 
               
                  Thomas
                   Carpenter
               



            , 
               
                  Thomas
                   Ashness
               



            , William Boyden, and myself: In consequence of a suspicion I took stock on Monday the 11th of December, and again on Sunday the 17th of December; I then missed two particular grosses of buttons, one of which I afterwards found upon the prisoner; I only took an account of that part of the stock that was most likely to be purloined; the prisoner was our porter; I concealed myself in a room adjoining to his bed-room, and through an aperture in the wainscoat which divides the two rooms, I observed him to take a parcel, or parcels, I believe there were two, from his box, those he deposited in the window-seat while he dressed himself, it was Sunday morning; when he had dressed himself, he put them in his coat-pocket, and went down stairs to his dinner; he came up about half an hour afterwards into his own room again, I was in the next room concealed all the time; he again opened his box, and took from it sundry articles of plate; he then went down stairs, I followed him, I rung the bell, and he was sent in to me; I asked him what he had to do with plate, indeed, I told him the situation I had been in, and what I had seen; he told me he came honestly by them, or some such answer; I told him my suspicions, and that, if he was an honest man, which I hoped he would prove himself to be, he would not object to let me see what he had about him, and what was in his box; he refused, and I sent for Church, the constable, he searched him, and in his coat-pocket were found the three gross of buttons charged in the indictment; there are only two gross that I can identify, they are the same kind of articles that I missed upon checking the stock; the gross of plated coat-buttons had the number 5391 in the writing of the manufacturer; I had particularly remarked those figures when I took the stock; there was only a gross and a half of that sort of buttons at the timeI took stock on the 11th of December, and when I checked it, there was but half a gross left, and there had been no buttons of that description sold by us; there was a gross of small gilt buttons found upon him, of which the white outside paper was torn off upon which the number was affixed, and it remained in brown paper only; to the best of my belief, that was the gross that I missed, I have no doubt of it; the others are a kind of button that we have a great many of, I cannot identify them; I sent for a constable, and the prisoner said, he could give an account how he came by them.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. This was on a Sunday morning? - A. Yes.
Q. And you spent the morning in posting your books, and taking stock? - A. Yes.
Q. I believe you were kind enough to take the plate out of his box? - A. The constable took it with the rest.
Q. You had lost no articles of plate? - A. No; they were afterwards returned to him.
Q. You were afterwards kind enough to stop a box of his, down at Wapping? - A. Yes; and that was returned to him.
Q. He told you he could give an account of these articles? - A. Yes; and I told him I was satisfied they were my property.
Q.Therefore that stopped all further explanation? - A. Yes.
Q. I believe you first of all accused him of coming dishonestly by the plate, and then he grew rather crusty, and refused to be searched till you sent for a constable? - A. He did.
Q. Did it ever come to your knowledge that the prisoner was a dealer in goods of this sort? - A. No; I never knew that he had kept a shop of any description; I have heard it since, and I had reason to believe it, from invoices being found in his pocket of tea and hats.
Q. You never happened to hear that he dealt in buttons? - A. No, never.
Q. This manufacturer is, I dare say, entirely engaged in manufacturing for you? - A. By no means.
Q. And this mark is the manufacturer's mark, and not your's? - A. It is not our's, but the manufacturer's.
Q. Do you mean to say, that you had not sold these articles by any person in your shop in the course of that week? - A. I mean to swear that no such article has ever been accounted for.
Q. You have two partners? - A. They do not interfere at all in the conducting of the business, I conduct it myself, with Mr. Boyden, who travels for the house.
Q. And will you, where a man stands in the perilous situation in which the prisoner stands, swear positively to these goods? - A. I only swear to the best of my belief.
Q. How long had the prisoner been with you? - A. A month and two days.


                  HENRY
                   CHURCH
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Jackson. I am a constable; I was called in to search the prisoner, I found these buttons in his coat pocket, (produces them;) one of the parcels I found loose as they are now, there was a number upon one parcel 5391; I searched his box, and found some plate in it, which I kept till the Lord-Mayor ordered me to deliver it up to him again.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Did Mr. Ashness give you charge of the plate? - A. Yes, or else I should not have taken it.
Q. Was there a blanket? - A. Yes.
Q. Any sheets? - A. No.
Q. Any bed furniture, or curtains? - A. No; there were some calico.
Q. Does Mr. Ashness ever deal in calico? - A. No.
Q. There was a pocket-book, perhaps? - A. Yes.
Q. And, perhaps, a Bank-note? - A. Yes, of 10l. and two guineas.
Q. Perhaps, he expected a box from Scotland? - A. Yes.
Q. He went after that too, perhaps? - A. Yes, by order of the Lord-Mayor; but it was not taken away till his wife went to fetch it with a letter from his Lordship; it was never brought before his Lordship, only an account taken of the things in it; I was sent by the Lord-Mayor to search it.
Q. And after searching it narrowly, you let it all go? - A. Yes.
Q. You found a great many articles of trade? - A. Yes.
Q. And bills of parcels? - A. I do not recollect seeing any bills of parcels, every thing was returned to him except the buttons. (The buttons were produced in Court, and deposed to by Mr. Ashness.)


                  MARK
                   SAUNDERS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Jackson. I am the manufacturer of these buttons, this is my own number in my own hand-writing; I have sold a great many to Mr. Ashness.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You are a very extensive manufacturer of buttons in Birmingham? - A. I do not manufacture a great many.
Q. That is an extreme common pattern? - A. It is a pattern much in request.
Q. How many thousand gross do you think you have sold to other people? - A. I never manufactured thousands of this pattern.
Q. Some hundreds, I dare say? - A. Yes.
Q. And then they have got distributed from those persons, to other persons in London? - A. Very likely.

Q. You have some left still in your warehouse, of the same pattern, and tied up in the same way? - A. Yes, exactly.
Q. Therefore, you could not positively swear, that these are not your's? - A. No.
Mr. Jackson. Q. Is the prisoner at the bar one of your correspondents? - A. I never saw him before.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.
For the Prisoner.


                  SIMEON
                   STAINES
               



             sworn. - I am a footman; I have known the prisoner four years; when I first knew him, he was a labouring man, and lived with a gentleman, who was brother to my master; after that, he came to London, and lived with a gentleman in the city, for two years.
Q. Did he ever carry on any business in London? - A. Yes; I have sold him buttons, my brother is a button-maker in Birmingham, and he sent me up some buttons, which I sold to the prisoner, he bought at one time, three gross, and three pair of buckles.
Q. Who do you live with now? - A. Mr. Jasper Atkinson, in Aldermanbury.
Cross-examined by Mr. Jackson. Q. Who did he live with in the City? - A. Mr. Slack, a merchant in King-street.
Q. How long ago is that? - A.About three years.
Q. The buttons that you sold him three years ago, would not look very fresh if they were to be produced now? - A. Yes, they would.
Q. Did he keep a shop? - A. I do not know; I know his intention was to deal in these things.
Q. What kind of buttons were those that you sold him? - A. White metal and gilt ones; I sold him some fourteen months ago, and they were white metal.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Your brother being a manufacturer in Birmingham, you sold these buttons to serve him? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you sell him such a number, that they must have been more than his own private consumption for cloaths? - A. Yes.
The prisoner called three other witnesses, who gave him a good character, and deposed that he dealt in various kinds of goods.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 30.)



               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
