





538. 
               
                  
                     MORDECAI 
                     PASS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of June
, one wooden box, value 1 s. and five hundred and sixty-four pair of buckles, value 20 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Nash
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   NASH
               



             sworn.
I am a woollen draper and salesman
, at No. 30, Ludgate-street


; I lost a box of shoe-buckles, between nine and half after nine; on Monday the 28th of June; I putthem into the cart myself, at my own door, and two other bales with it, I gave the care of the cart to the carman and my lad; the lad came back, and said the things were taken, in a little better than half past nine; they were packed up a little after.


                  THOMAS
                   JESSUP
               



             sworn.
I am carman to Mr. Holyland, in Goswell-street; I saw the box put in the cart, I do not know what was in it.
Court to Nash. When had you last seen the goods in the box? - I packed them up myself and saw the box nailed up on the Saturday.
Did you deliver it up to Jessup? - Yes.
Jessup. I was going from Mr. Nash's to the White Hart in the Borough; I missed the box in St. Paul's Church yard


; I stopped the cart immediately, I found the box on the prisoner in less than ten minutes, in little Carter-lane.
Court. In whose hands did you leave the box? - I put it into a house and sent for Mr. Nash.
Did you leave it any time at the house? - Yes, a little time, and then I took it to Guildhall; and afterwards to Mr. Nash's own house.
Nash. I have had it ever since; it is here now.
Court to Jessup. Which way was the prisoner going? - Into Little Carter-lane.
Did you stop him? - A gentleman stopped him.
Prisoner. Did you take the box off my back? - No, he threw it down.
Jury. Did you see him throw it down? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   THURGOOD
               



             sworn.
On Monday se'nnight I was going along St. Paul's Church-yard; I saw the prisoner following the cart; I saw him take out the box opposite the end of Paul's Chain, he pulled it out of the cart, on the ground; two more of his companions helped him up with it; he went down Paul's Chain with it; I did not know but he belonged to the cart; the carman went on about twelve rods, and he missed the box and stopped; I waited till the carman came up and asked what was the matter; he said, he had lost a box; we went after him, and the box was on his shoulder, and he threw it down and ran away; I never lost sight of him.
Court to Nash. Is that box yours? - Yes, it was directed to Mr. Conway, Portsmouth.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming along, and two men stopped me, and delivered me up to the people; they were very likely to be the thieves.
Court to Thurgood. Did you lose sight of him? - Not at all.
Where did you take him? - In Salmon-lane.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
