





40. 
               
                  JANE 
                  CARNE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of October
, three silver table-spoons, value 30s. a silver tea-spoon, value 1s. 6d. a cotton gown, value 12s. a dimity petticoat, value 4s. a kerseymere waistcoat, value 4s. a marseilles waistcoat, value 4s, a muslin cap, trimmed with lace, value 5s. and a silk handkerchief, value 2d. the property of 
                     
                        Aaron 
                        Moses
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
ANN MOSES sworn. - I am the wife of Aaron Moses; I have known the prisoner ever since May, she chaired for me; I had a sick child that would not go out of my arms, and I entrusted her to do all that I wanted done. On Wednesday, the 17th of October, I sent her up to make my bed; she was gone up a considerable while making the bad longer than I thought fit; I put the child out of my arms, and went up stairs to see what she was about; when I came up stairs, I turned round, and not seeing her, and the drawers being open, I cried and screamed out, Jenny has robbed me; myhusband was in the country, and my son was out. On the Saturday night after, my son happened to go into the Borough with an acquaintance, and saw her coming out of St. Thomas's-street; he took charge of her, and I was sent for to see her in the Compter; the officer found sixteen duplicates upon her; some of them were of my property.
JOHN FENNELL sworn. - I am an officer of Cheap-ward; I was sent for to the Poultry Compter; I had charge of the prisoner for several robberies; I searched her, and found a vast number of duplicates upon her, and from that the prosecutor's property was discovered. (Produces the duplicates).
(
               
                  James
                   Crawford
               



             and James Harwood, the one calling himself a clerk, and the other a servant to a pawnbroker, produced the property, which they had received from the prisoner, and which was deposed to by Mrs. Moses).


                  SAMUEL
                   MOSES
               



             sworn. - On the 20th of October I was going to the Stone's-end, and at the corner of Thomas's-street, I saw the prisoner; I told her I was looking for her; I could not get a constable, and I put her in a coach, and drove to the Poultry Compter; I found upon her neck an old silk handkerchief of mine, which I had worn for a pocket-handkercheif; Fennell took it off her neck.
Mrs. Moses. This handkerchief she took away on the 17th, she ironed it herself on the 15th.
Prisoner's defence. My husband has been dead three years; I had some things in pledge that Mrs. Moses wanted to buy, and she let me have these things to get them out with, to see whether she would like them or not, and I went to see a sister of mine for a day or two, and as I was coming out of Thomas's-street, a man met me and took me to the Compter.



GUILTY  (Aged 28.)
Of stealing to the value of 39s.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
