





325. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HUNT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of March
, half-a-guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Callaghan
               




            .
JOHN CALLAGHAN sworn. - On the 11th day of March last, I was going through St. James's Park


, between twelve and two o'clock, a man came close up to me, and said, you are a sailor
; I said, yes, I had been some time; he walked a little way, and picked up something, which he put in his pocket, and we went to a seat in the Park, and he said, let us see what God Almighty has sent us; there was a pocket-book, which looked like a red morocco pocket-book, with some notes in it, some diamonds and jewels, and some paper; he asked me if I could read, I told him I could not, and he said he could not; we saw the prisoner, Hunt, going by, and so he asked him to read it, and he said it was a very great concern, it was a 200l. note; he said he kept a public-house, the Compasses, just by, that his name was Hunt, that we might have good entertainment there; and hesaid, the best way for us would be, to advertise it on Monday, this was Saturday; he said, if one of us had got 50l. or 100l. about us, the best way would be to give it to the other, and take possession of the things; the other man said, he had no money at all; I said, I had but 11s. 6d. which I took out, and he took half-a-guinea of it, and divided these jewels and diamonds; I went in the evening to enquire for the Compasses, and they told me there was no such sign, but almost at Chelsea.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are a sailor? - A. Yes: I have been so fifty-eight years.
Q. How long have you left it off? - A. I do not leave it off at all.
Q.Where did you then live? - A. I had just come from Yarmouth.
Q.Where were you going at that time? - A. To Brentford.
Q. You were not going any further? - A. No.
Q. You never gave a different account of where you, were going that day? - A. No; nobody asked me that question.
Q. Do you remember being before the Justice? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you then say you were going to Brentford? - A. He did not ask me any question.
Q. Did you say you were going to Windsor? - A. I do not know whether I said so or not.
Q. In point of fact, you were not going to Windsor? - A. I do not think I was; I did not go any further than Brentford.
Q. Did you say before the Magistrate, that you were going to Windsor? - A.You need not cross-question me, that is the man that took the money from me.
Q. Did you or not tell the Magistrate you were going to Windsor? - A. Do not bother me, there is many a word I say in the day, that I do not know any thing of at night.
Q. Did you or not say that you were going to Windsor? - A. I do not know.
Q. If you did say so, it was not true? - A. I was not going to Windsor.
Q. He told you his name was Hunt? - A. Yes.
Q. Were you quite sober at this time? - A. Yes, I was.
Q. Are you quite positive he did not tell you he lived over against the Compasses? - A. I am positive he told me he kept a public-house, the sign of the Compasses.
Q. Did not he say, that he kept a victualling-house opposite the Compasses? - A. No.


                  JAMES
                   DORNEY
               



             sworn. - I am one of the constables of St. George's Hanover-square, I am a neighbour of the prisoner: On Saturday night the 11th of April, I was sent for by the landlord of the Compasses, to hear the old man's story; he told me he was robbed in the Park that day; he told me exactly the same words that he has told in Court now; upon hearing that, I went over to the prisoner's house, he was then sitting at the fire in the shop; I told him what I had heard, and desired him to come over to the Compasses and speak to the prosecutor; after some altercation, he came with me to the Compasses; the prosecutor was then in the tap-room; I thought the prosecutor should not see the prisoner, and I placed him where I thought he would not see him, and I told him to look round the tap-room and see if the man was there; he said he was not there; I moved then from before the prisoner, and desired him to look round again; says he, that is the man who robbed me, if there were a hundred people there; I immediately took him into custody, and had him in custody till I took him before the Magistrate.
Cross examined by Mr. Gurney. The prosecutor had been over and seen him in his house before that? - A. I believe he had.


                  DAVID
                   SLARE
               



             sworn. - I am the beadle of the Park: I saw Mr. Hunt going up the Park on the 11th of March, near two o'clock, that is all I know about it; I know the man very well.
WILLIAM JACKSON sworn. - On the 13th of March the prisoner was brought to the office in Marlborough-street; and while he was waiting, before he went into the office, he sat down by the fire, and laughed, and said to his friend, to think an old fool like me should be taken for a robber; I said, that may be if a man is ever so innocent; his friend said, you must be a d-d fool to tell the man where you lived; and Hunt made answer, and said, I was a d-d fool; that is all I know about it.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.
For the Prisoner.


                  JOHN
                   MARKS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I live at Pimlico, I am a butcher, I know the prisoner.
Q. Do you know upon what day he was taken up? - A.Saturday, the 11th of March.
Q. On that day did you see him? - A. Yes; at my shop, at Pimlico, a little before twelve o'clock; he came to do a little bit of business for an acquaintance of mine; and my acquaintance said, he would meet him another day.
Q. How long did he stay at your house? - A. I dare say not two minutes; I saw him again between twelve and one, I suppose, three times, I did not see him after that; he bought some beef steaks of me.


                  ABRAHAM
                   BURT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A. Yes; I live within half a mile of him; he was at my house on Saturday the 11th of March, about ten minutes before twelve; he staid with me till abouthalf past two, or near three; half past two I am sure of.
Q.Was he out any part of that time? - A. He went to Mr. Marks's to get some beef steaks, about twenty yards from my house.
Court. Q.Which way did he go? - A. He went towards Knightsbridge.
Mr. Gurney. Q.How long have you known the prisoner? - A.About seven or eight years; he has done a great deal of business for me, and always did it with propriety.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 38.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
