





293. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     YOULET
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of July
, 149 pair of stockings, value 17 l. twelve pair of other stockings, silk and cotton, value 3 l. thirty-six cotton night caps, value 2 l. twelve thousand pins, value 12 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Flint
                  




               
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  JAMES
                   BULLER
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Flint, and carry parcels out; on the 6th of July, Wednesday, I was coming from Great Eastcheap from London-stone (Mr. Flint lives on Fish-street-hill) I was going to Mr. Flint's other shop in Marybone-street, Golden-square. The prisoner followed me from Great Eastcheap down Watling-street to the corner of St. Paul's


; I had a bag of haberdashery goods, which I was carrying.
Court. Did you see this bag made up before you went out, do you know what was in it? - Yes, there was 149 pair of common stockings, twelve pair of silk and cotton, thirty-six night caps, and twelve thousand pins; I had some ladies chip hats beside this bag, and I laid them down for fear they should get damaged. I had put my bag down before. While I did this I told the man to let the bag alone, notwithstanding he made off with them; I made the best of my way after him I could, I took up my hats and the knot; I did not overtake him; he was overtaken in Shoe-lane, but I had lost sight of him just before he ran down Ludgate-hill, when he went from me; I first saw him after he was taken in Shoe-lane, in the hands of the constable, and the constable delivered back the parcel to me; it was carried from Shoe-lane to Guildhall, and a few parcels taken out, and the rest carried to Mr. Flint's, those taken out have been kept, and are here now.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. You was carrying your parcel on a knot, was not you; and your knot broke, and your parcel fell in the dirt, and you was encumbered with a parcel of chip hats at the same time; the man helped you up with the knot and your goods? - He did.
Now attend to me, and do not suffer any blame you may have had from your master to tempt you to excuse yourself; you had more than you could conveniently carry, when your knot broke? - I had.
Did not he offer to assist you to carry part of these goods? - No doubt.
How far did you and he walk together? - From London-stone to the corner of St. Paul's.
Where did he take the parcel from you? - The corner of St. Paul's.
Tell me which corner of St. Paul's it was? - The other side of St. Paul's, at Eastcheap.
The man took your goods from that corner, and at the end of St. Paul's he turned down Ludgate-hill, and you walked all this way together? - No, I could not walk on with him because I had the hats.
Were not there plenty of people in the streets? - There were.
How far was you behind him all the way? - Very near him at one time.
Why you could have stopped him a thousand times between Ludgate-hill and Fleet-street? - I halloo'd out once stop thief.
When you came to the Old Bailey was there any thing particular going forwardthere, was not there a scaffolding out? - I believe there was.
I wish still you would remember the caution I gave you. Your master is displeased with you, naturally enough you have had a good deal of anger from your master about it? - I could not help it.
No, I am not now scolding you at all, my little lad. Your master is rather a rigid man, always prosecutes when he loses any thing? - Yes.
Your master is a pretty sharp man, as sharp as a flint, and as much fire in him. Do you remember stopping looking at the scaffolding in the Old Bailey? - No, Sir.
Why it was the day when eight unfortunate people were to be executed; on your oath did not you stop to see what it was erected for? - No.
Was not you told by the prisoner what it was erected for? - No.
What time was this? - About twelve o'clock.
When you came up to the man he gave up the goods, and said he was carrying them for you? your master had cautioned you against letting any body carry goods for you? - Yes.
And he was very angry with you? - I could not help his being angry with me, I believe not.
Jury. At first did you oppose his taking the goods, or did you believe he was carrying them for your ease? - I supposed he was taking away the goods.
How happened it you did not make an outcry, and repeat this outcry all the way along Ludgate-hill and Ludgate-street? why did not you run after him? - If I had ran after him I should have damaged the chip hats.


                  JAMES
                   PRIOR
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. On Wednesday, the 6th of July, going down Watling-street, I observed 
               
                  James
                   Butler
               



             with a bag on his knot, and the prisoner walking by the side of him; there appeared to be two others in company; they kept on, and I followed them, having a suspicion of them, to the corner of St. Paul's Church-yard, by the coach stand, the south side, and 
               
                  James
                   Butler
               



             went to the pitching block; I went to Ludgate-hill, and there I again observed the prisoner at the bar with the goods on his knot, the prisoner had a knot before, they crossed over on the right-hand side; and was on the left; at the bottom of Ludgate-hill I missed the boy, and kept sight of the goods till the end of Shoe-lane; he ran up Shoe-lane, with the goods upon his knot; he walked before this, and there was one of the other men who was in his company in Watling-street, kept close at his heels; on this my suspicion was confirmed; I ran after him, and laid hold of him; I asked him what he was going to do with these goods? he said he was going to carry them to Holborn. I told him from what I had seen I should not suffer him to go on. I secured him and the goods, when I had so done I delivered him to 
               
                  John
                   London
               



            , and begged him to take care of the prisoner and goods while I went in search for the boy. I found the boy near the bottom of Fleet-street, running as well as he could, having some fine hats in a paper, which seemed rather to obstruct his running. I brought the boy to the goods, and had them all to the magistrate, and these goods were taken out of the bag, and given to me to keep to be brought here, and I have kept them ever since.
Mr. Knowlys. Did I hear you right when I heard you say you was a constable? - Yes.
You had followed these people some way, and you had a suspicion of them? - I followed them down Watling-street.
When the man and boy arrived at the very place where they could do their business, you left them? - If I had found he gave them to the boy again at the next pitching block, I should have thought nothing of it.
This was twelve o'clock at noon? - Yes.
A great many people walking? - Yes.
You had your suspicions alive all this time? - I had.

If there had been any cry of stop thief you would have heard it, and taken the man immediately? - Yes.
You kept your eyes on the man? - I did on the goods.
On your oath did not you keep your eyes on the man? - I did certainly, I could not one without the other.
Why did not you then answer the question directly; how long was it before you found the boy after you got the prisoner? - After I had delivered the man to London, I met the boy on the run, in the road in Fleet-street.
How many minutes do you think it might be from your leaving the man to your finding the boy? - About two minutes and a half, it could not be more.
Did you see the boy on Ludgate-hill? - I did.
How far might he be from the prisoner? - About the length of this court.
What passed at the block, whether the boy gave those goods to this man you cannot say? - That I do not know any thing of.


                  JOHN
                   LONDON
               



             sworn.
I am a ticket porter. I know nothing more than stopping the prisoner in the street, by the desire of the constable; he had a bag upon a knot half full of things; he was walking pretty fast, but not runing.
(The goods produced and deposed to by Mr. Flint.)
Mr. Knowlys to Mr. Flint. How long was it after the matter happened that you first saw the boy? - I was sent for from Mitre-court, Cheapside.
You did not reprimand him? - I did not scold him, I might say, what a blockhead you must be for doing so.
You are certainly a man of a mild temper? - That is certainly a proof of your penetration.
Now give me a direct answer, did you or did you not treat this boy with a good deal of anger on this subject? - I did not.
You never did scold him? - I did not to the best of my recollection.
I must have a positive answer? - I did not.
You swear then positively at last that you did not scold him? - To the best of my recollection I did not; I should be glad to know what scolding is?
I do not know how to explain it better, did you damn him, call him a rascal, and such things? - I did not.
You did not feel hot or angry? - I don't know that I did at all; if I upbraided the boy, it proceeded more from a matter of admonition in cool terms, than from anger.
Then you did not scold the boy at all? - I tell you and the Court I do not recollect I did.
On your oath was not the boy scolded very much and violently abused? - No, at no time whatever on this occasion, I swear I did not.
Then if he hath sworn to the contrary, he has sworn directly false? - I wish to be understood, I might upbraid the boy, but not in an air of passion; I do not recollect I ever abused him at all on the subject at all.
When was the first time you saw the boy after this affair happened? - At Guild-hall.
Did you upbraid him in an angry manner? - I think I did it in the same manner as any man would in the same circumstances.
Give me a direct answer, was you or was you not angry? - I tell you I do not recollect I was, if I was it was in a very small degree.
Mr. Flint, for shame! do give me a direct answer to a direct question? - I do not recollect I did.
Court. Have you any recollection at all about it? - I do not recollect at all about scolding him.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The same day I was out, I was going to Oxford-road, to fetch some glass for one of my masters; coming along Watling-street, I met this boy, and his load tumbled off his head; I helped him up with it, and going along with him, I told him if he would put his load down I would take it up and assisthim. I did so, and we went all the way to the Old Bailey; he then asked me what the mob was about there? I told him. He asked me, which way I should go? I told him I should go down Shoe-lane, as the way to Marybone.
Court to Prior. When you stopped him did he say he had the goods from a boy? - I cannot say that, but he said he was going to carry the goods to Holborn.


                  ISAAC
                   PHILLIPS
               



             sworn.
The prisoner is my porter
, I am a glass-cutter, he has worked for me this twelvemonths; I always found him very honest, and would not object to employ him again.


                  SOLOMON
                   MOSES
               



             sworn.
I have known the prisoner nine months, he has portered for me, and always behaved honest; I should have no objection to employ him again.


                  JOHN
                   TANNER
               



             sworn.
I am a silk-dresser, I have the care of my father's business; I have entrusted him with loads to a great amount, and would again employ him.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
