






86. 
               
                  
                     JONATHAN 
                     HARDING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Dyer
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of six in the night of the 6th of December
, and burglariously stealing therein, eight china boxes, mounted with base metall value 5 s.
             the goods of the said 
               
                  James
                   Dyer
               



            .


                  JOHN
                   GORE
               



             sworn.
I am a porter; I lived with Mr. Adams in the Minories, but I have come away now; I was coming along Bishopsgate-street, on the 6th of December, about a quarter after six o'clock in the evening, and I saw this man come up to Mr. Dyer's shop window; he keeps a toy shop


 in Bishopsgate-street


; I saw him break the glass with his elbow, and put his hand into the window; it was the shop window; I could not see what he took out; I immediately followed him down Houndsditch; it was, I believe, about twenty or thirty yards down Houndsditch; I see him lay down the piece of broken glass; I immediately crossed over Houndsditch, and he made up towards Bishopsgate-street; then he went and crossed over there towards the church, and I goes to the shop, and says, Have you got a man that can take a man, that has broke your window; and he crossed over, and came to the same side of the way again; as he was coming by the shop, I and the young man of the shop took him into the shop, and while they were gone for an officer, he puts his hand into his pocket, and says, I have got some of the property, and throws them on the counter, eight boxes, and he said, here they are, I find I must go.


                  JAMES
                   DYER
               



             sworn.
I live in Bishopsgate; on the evening of the 6th of December, my lad was called down a little after six in the evening; in the course of two or three minutes, my wife called me down; when I came down, I saw the prisoner in the house; I expostulated with him for some considerable time, and he, at last, put his hand in his coat pocket, and pulls out a parcel of china boxes, to the number of eight toy boxes, and put them on the counter, and says, I see you have me, and I must go to Botany bay.


                  ROBERT
                   STEWARD
               



             sworn.
I am patrole of Bishopsgate-street. I happened to be walking down the opposite side of the way, near on the time he was taken into the shop; I went to see what was the matter; I took the boxes into custody, and sent for an officer; I gave charge of him; I searched him, but found nothing else on him; I delivered the boxes to Supwell.
- SUPWELL sworn.
I am a constable; I produce eight boxes. (Deposed to.)
Prisoner. I was going up Bishopsgate-street, a boy ran by, and said, Take these here; take what, says I, take these, says he, I took them; they cried out immediately, Stop thief; and I was taken and searched.
Court to Gore. Was there any other person at the window besides him? - No.
Jury. Did you see him break the window? - I did, he broke it with his elbow; and I saw him lay a piece of glass down in Houndsditch.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not of the burglary
            . (Aged 33.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
