





36. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     COX
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of December
, two check linen shirts, value 6 s. two pair of canvas trowsers, value 6 s. two canvas mens frocks, value 2 s. four pounds weight of moist sugar, value 2 s. a pound weight of bohea tea
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Houghton
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   HOUGHTON
               



             sworn.
I live at the Bell, Leadenhall-street, a Book-keeper
; I lost the articles in this indictment, they were all in one bundle, on Tuesday the 4th of December, between the hours of eight and nine at night; I took them myself down to Wapping, in a coach, to go and see a little brother that was going to sea; the captain called on me, and asked me to buy these articles for him. I stopped the coach, and the coachman got down and opened the door, and I jumped out, and I heard somebody pushing at the step, and I saw that prisoner at the bar, putting his arm in and get the parcel; I ran after him, this was in St. John's-street, Wapping


; I had not reached the door before I heard him push against the step and take it out, I saw him, it was on the seat of the coach, there was no person in the coach besides myself, and I laid it by the side of me, while I was riding; I ran after him and caught him, and took the bundle away from him, and held him. I have kept it ever since till now, except that justice Staples had it from Tuesday to Saturday; but I put the mark upon it, 
               
                  John
                   Houghton
               



            , Leadenhall-street, I know they are the same because I received the things myself, tied them up, and went off as soon as I could, and they were never out of my sight, and I know they are the same I left at the justices by my writing my name, and they were never undone; I received them to bring them here; he had three accomplices who wanted to rescue him from me; they knocked this hand off, and I catched him again with my right hand; that was in the street; as soon as I got him safe, and got him to the justices, then he begged and prayed that they would send him on board the tender for two years. They struck me first, but I told them if ever a one would come near me, I would knock them down immediately.
Prisoner. This here man took me about thirty yards from the coach, when he laid hold of my collar I had nothingabout me at all, nor ever touched any thing of the kind.
Court to Houghton. You never saw this man before? - Never to my knowledge.
The prisoner called one witness who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
