





333. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of May
, a pocket-book, value 2s. containing several Bank-notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Johnstone
                  




               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Alley.)
ROBERT JOHNSTONE sworn. - Examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Were you robbed on the 17th of May? - A. On Friday the 17th of May, I was walking down the Strand, about one o'clock, and just as I was crossing Hungerford-street


, I felt something like a hand in my pocket, and knowing I had a deal of property, I put my hand, and missed the pocket-book; I turned my head, and observed the prisoner at the bar crossing the street, and entering into a court, I think it is called Church-court, the other side of the Strand; I pursued him into the court, and seized him by the shoulder, I shook him very severely; says I, it is you that took my pocket-book; says he, upon my honour, sir, you are mistaken, I am no such person; I gave him another shake, and he let the book fall; I did not pick it up, but my son, a lad who was there, had a smaller hand than I, and he took it out of a grating, and handed it to me; here is the pocket-book, in my right-hand; the notes were upwards of one hundred pounds value, and I have not the least doubt of it being my property. There were two gentlemen present, whom I never saw before, and who attend here to prove the fact.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. What time was this? - A. It was, to be certain, between the hours of twelve and two.
Q. Do you mean to say, that in Church-court there were no other persons walking up and down? - A. I mean to say there was no other person near the prisoner and I when I accused him.
Q. How long have you had the pocket-book? - A.Upwards of six months.
Q. Is there any mark that you know it by? - A.There is a memorandom in it.
Q. Was that in it at the time? - A. I presume it was.
Q. Are you sure of it? - A. I am pretty certain it was.
Q. Having had it six months, it is a little the worse for wear-is it worth more than eight-pence, or ten-pence? - A. The notes are worth a hundred pounds.
Q.Independent of the notes? - A. I think it is worth a shilling.
Jury. Q. Did you see the book in the prisoner's possession? - A. I did, I saw him drop it; he dropped it in this manner, (describing it); I recovered all my property.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
