






468. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HODGES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     PROBIN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of July
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Henry
                         Chorley
                     



                  , a Bank-note, value 100l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Headley
                        




.(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys).


                  WILLIAM
                   HEADLEY
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am an ironmonger
 in Cambridge; I was in town on the 7th of July.
Q. Do you know the prisoners at the bar? - A. Yes; I know them both; On the 7th of July, I was going from Shoe-lane to the Angel-inn, the back of St. Clement's, to take a place on the outside of the coach, to go to see my brother in Wiltshire; as I got near Butcher-row, I was overtaken by Hodges, the man in blue; I was looking up atthe buildings at the time, he said, they were very bad in repair; I said more than that, they were very dangerous to pass.
Q. Did you begin the conversation with Hodges, or he with you? - A. He with me; he told me there was an act of Parliament to take the buildings down, and I went to take my place up the Angel yard.
Q. Did you imagine you had parted with him? - A. Yes; after I had taken my place, I was going to Vere-street, Clare-market; I turned to my right hand, and overtook him again in Clare-market; I staid at Mr. Gardener's, in Clare-market about ten minutes; when I came out, I went towards Portugal-street, to go to my friends in Shoe-lane. Near Portugal street, I was overtook by Hodges again; before I saw him, I saw a parcel lying at my right-hand door; he clapped a hazle cane he had in his hand, upon the parcel: he was behind me; he picked up the parcel, and tore away the middle part of the paper, and shewed me the red, which appeared like a pocket-book; he put it into his pocket; he took it out again in about a minute 9 time; and opened the end, and doubled it as large as he could to satisfy me there was some thing in it, and told me he had got a finding; I asked him what it was, and he stopped near Mr. Chorley's, the sign of the Castle, in Portugal-street


; he said that was not a proper place to examine it, if I would go in and have something to drink, he would shew it me; I went in with him; when we went in, Probin was there (that was the first time I saw him), Hodges took the pocket-book out, unfolded it, and produced a receipt from Mr. Smith, which I have had ever since, (producing it).
London, June the 20th, 1796.
Received of 
               
                  John
                   King
               



            , Esq; the sum of 320l. for one brilliant diamond cross, by me.


                  William
                   Smith
               



            .
It is upon a four penny stamp; he held it rather under the table, read the receipt, and seemed very much confused and alarmed at finding it; on that he put it into my hand; I read it, and then Hodges asked what we must do with the book and the contents of it; after I had read the receipt, he shewed me the cross, this is the cross producing it;) I told him. I thought it ought to be taken to this 
               
                  William
                   Smith
               



            , the jeweller; he confessed himself a good deal at a loss to know what was to be done with it, as he did not approve of that; and asked if I had any objection to its being produced to that gentleman, meaning Probin, there was no other person then in the room; they did not appear, before that, to know one another; I consented to its being shewn to him, and Hodges asked him then to give him his opinion of this finding; Probin addressed himself to us with a great deal of politeness, and said, gentlemen, if you are in any difficulty I will assist you; he asked if we were both together or any body near us, we told him no, we were not; he asked who picked it up; I told him Hodges; Probin then said, he thought Hodges ought to make me a present as being a party concerned with him; Hodges agreed to that proposal, and said he would go to his banker's and get change for some drafts to make me a present, as being with him when the parcel was found; he said he should not be gone more than ten minutes; before he went, Probin said, I think you ought not to take the pocket-book with you; Probin proposed, that while he went to the banker's, it should be left with me; Hodges went, and was gone about ten minutes, and came back very hot; and said he had seen his banker, but his banker was obliged to go to the Change, and he should not see him any more till four o'clock; the business was then put off till four o'clock, and a meeting was appointed at the Angel, the back of St. Clement's Probin asked me where I came from, and I gave him my name and address, and Hodges gave his name and his address; I don't know what name he gave, but he said he came from Worcester, and was in the hop, business; I am certain the name he gave was not Hodges; Probin gave his name as William Jones, No. 7, Charing-cross; Probin then said. Hodges ought to have the pocket-book, and the valuable property in it till four o'clock; Probin then asked what I would leave to have the property left with me till four o'clock; he asked me if I would leave 100l. as a security for my meeting them; I then pulled out some papers I had concealed in my stocking, and took out a bill of 100l. while I was reading the 100l. bill, Hodges took it, and looked at it; it was a Bank bill on demand; Probin took it out of Hodges's hand, turned it over, and examined it; Probin said it was pieced, and would do very well; I left the note in the care of Hodges, and we then departed; Hodges went out with me; I went towards Shoe-lane; he went a yard or two with me, and then we parted; we left Probin in the room; this was about ten o'clock; I have had the possession of the cross and pocket-book ever since.
Q. How soon was it after this that you shewed this cross to any body? - A. Not five minutes; I shewed it to a friend of mine; and from what he said I had an alarm, and went to No. 7, Charing-cross, to enquire after 
               
                  William
                   Jones
               



            .
Q. You did not find him? - A. No; about two or three o'clock I went and gave information at Bow-street, and described their persons; this was on the Thursday, and on the Monday following, I saw them in custody at Bow-street; I had been to Wiltshire and returned.
Q. When you saw them on Monday had youany doubt that they were the persons? - A. None at all.
Q. Have you any doubt now? - A. None at all.
- LAMB sworn.(Produces the Bank-note.)
Q. (To the Prosecutor.) Is that the note you gave to Hodges? - A. It is; I am sure of it; it is the same number, and pieced in the back; (it was read)
Court. Q. How long were you in company with the prisoners? - A. I suppose more than an hour.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You say you came from Cambridge - A. Yes.
Q. Not from the University, I suppose; you are an ironmonger there? - A Yes.
Q. Had you been in London before? - A. Many times.
Q. To stop long? - A. Perhaps a day or two; and return.
Q. Do you read the newspaper? - A. Seldom.
Q. One would have thought you had not been in London many times? - A. I have not given much proof of it this time.
Q. You did not know either of the prisoners before? - A. Not before the 7th of July.
Q. You did not think it very honest to find a thing of this value and not to advertise it? - A. I proposed to advertise it.
Q. You did not propose to advertise it after you were to have a part of it? - A. I made no claim.
Q. You were ready to take a part of this dishonest claim? - A. He made me a promise of 10l.
Q. You meant to take whatever he would give you? - A. I had not been offered any thing at the time.
Q. If it had been offered to you, did you mean to refuse it? - A. That remained with me.
Q. I will have an answer; upon your oath if it had been offered to you as a part of this dishonest bargain, would you have refused it? - A. I probably should have accepted of something.
Q. What would you have received 10l.? - A No such sum was expected by me, nor half of it; I should have been very well satisfied if he had given me a guinea, or nothing at all.
Q. If you had received a part of it would you have advertised it afterwards? - A. I don't know that I should.
Q. You told me, you had never seen either of the prisoners before? - A. Not before the 7th of July.
Q. Have you always been as certain of their persons as you are this moment? - A. Always.
Q. Have you been in town ever since? - A. No; I came up this morning.
Q. Who have you been talking to? - A. My Friends. I hope.
Q. Have you been talking with the officers of Bow-Street? - A. I have been with the officers, and had some talk with them.
Q. Have you had any conversation with the Solicitor? - A. Nothing more than alluded to the business.
Q. Did not you say, you should know Hodges, and that he had a green striped great coat? - A. I did not say any thing about a green great-coat; I did not take much notice of his cloaths, I did of his person; I mentioned that he was rather meanly dressed, and had a pair of old boots, with turned down tops.
Q. Did you not describe him as having a striped great coat? - A. I am not positive about that, I might say something about his cloaths.
Q. Was not the officer sent from Bow-street to the house of Hodges, to find this great-coat, in consequence of your information, and did not find it? - A. I am not capable of saying any thing to his great coat now.
Q. In consequence of your saying he had a striped great-coat, did not the officer go from Bow-street to search for this great-coat, and did not find it? - A. I cannot take upon me to say, he went in consequence of the information I gave of the man and his cloaths.
Q. Upon your oath, did not the officer go, in consequence of your describing a great-coat? - A. I don't know that he went in consequence of the great-coat, possibly I might mention it.
Q. This conversation between you, and Hodges, and Probin, was in the public coffee-room? - A. Yes.
Q. Anybody might have heard the conversation? - A. Yes.
Q. On finding the pocket-book, Hodges seemed confused, and surprised at the contents of it? - A. Yes.
Q. It was never advertised? - No.
Q. You saw the paper first lie in the street? - A. I cannot say I saw it first, he was behind me; I did not see him till he put his stick upon it.
Q. You say you know his note; how long had you had it in your possession? - A. I took it the day before of Mr. Coxall, the Red-lion, at Red-burn, in Hertfordshire.
Q. Had you noticed the number? - A. I did, when I delivered it out of my hand.
Q. Did you make a memorandum of the number when you received it? - A. No.; I observed the number when he took it out of my hand, and kept it in my mind till I came to a convenient place to put it down.
Q. Don't you know there are other Bank notes of the same number? - A. I don't know; I never had two of the same number; I know it by the number, and being pieced at the back.

Q. Has it not happened to you, in the course of your experience, to see Bank notes before that were the worse for wear, or cut in two, to send by the post, and pieced on the back? - A. I have frequently cut them in halves, and sent them by the post.
Q. Has this been cut, and sent by the post? - A. It appears to me to have been cut.
Q. Did you mention the number of the note at Bow-street? - A. I said I thought I should know the note again if I saw it.
Q. Did you say, at Bow-street, you should know it again by the number? - A. I said, I recollected the number was so and so, and I should know it again if I saw it.
Q. Do you mean to swear now, that you said, at Bow-street, you should know it by the number? - A. I did not make a memorandum of the questions asked me at Bow-street, I don't recollect that; I recollect saying, at Bow-street, I should know it by the number.
Q. Do you mean to swear that now? - A. I mean to swear that.
Q. You say, Probin gave the name of 
               
                  William
                   Jones
               



            ? - A. Yes.
Q. Hodges gave you a name, that you don't recollect, but you recollect it was not the name of Hodges; will you swear it was not the name of Hodges? - A. I will not swear any thing about it, one way or the other; I made a memorandum of the name, but I have lost the paper.
Q. Will you swear that he did not give the name of Hodges as his name them? - A. I will not take upon me to swear that he did not give me the name of Hodges, or that he did.
Q. Will you swear that he did not give you the name of Hodges at any time? - A. I cannot swear that he did.
Q. How came you to recollect the name of Jones? - A. Because I think he was more the occasion of my being robbed.
Jury. Q. Did you apply according to the direction Hodges gave you? - A. He gave the direction, I wrote it my self, dealer in hops, Worcester.
Probin. Q. At the time you found the property, did you take it up, or Hodges? - A. Hodges.
Q. Did you make a claim of half? - A. I did not.
Q. Was there any advice given you to get a Directory, and find the name of Smith? - A. You said you could find a hundred Smiths, jewellers, in London, there was no occasion for it; we had found it very honestly.
Q. Did ever I see the property? - A. You did see the property, and examined it.
Q. What demand did you make on Hodges? - A. I made no demand at all.
Q. Did you not say you would not part with him till you had part of the property? - A. No.
Q. Did you never propose to give me five pounds to be your advocate? - A. No; I did not.
Q. Did not you give me an undertaking in writing, with a promise of five pounds, for my assistance? - A. It was a proposal Hodges himself made to give you five pounds for your advice.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Who did you receive the note from? - A. Mr. Coxall, of Hitchin.
Q. Did you describe the persons of the men at Bow-street? - A. I did.


                  ISAAC
                   COXALL
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I live at Hitchin, in Hertfordshire: On the 6th of July, I paid Mr. Headly a note of 100l. which I had received the day before at the Hitchin Bank with some other notes, making 730l.


                  JOHN
                   THACRERY
               



            , Esq. sworn.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a cashier to the Hitchin Bank: I remember paying some notes to Mr. Coxall on the 5th of July; but I have a record by which I can tell better. (Produces the book).
Q. Look at that note; have you any recollection that this is one of the notes you paid to Mr. Coxall on the 5th of July? - A. I can swear to the number of the note in the book.
Q. Have you any doubt that that is a note you paid to Mr. Coxall on the 5th of July? - A. None upon earth; the No. 7883 on the note, was made by my clerk, and is entered in the book; we call that the debtor-side of our waste-book, every note that comes in, we put a number on the Bank note and enter it in the book for the clerk more easily to find the number.
Court. Q. Here is no record here that it was paid to Mr. Coxall? - A. We don't enter them in the name of the man who brings the check, but of the man to whose account it is placed; it is placed to Mr. Wilshire's account.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are cashier to the Bank at Hitchin? - A. Yes.
Q. Does any body write in this waste-book besides yourself? - A. Yes, certainly.
Q. Might not any body else make an entry of a number in Mr. Wilshire's account in your waste-book? - A. I am very well satisfied no man made that entry but myself.
Q. Might not any one, who has access to that waste-book, make an entry of the number you have made an entry of, in that book? - A. Nobody has access to the waste-book to make entries but in my presence, the entry made in that book was made by my hand, and the note described, was delivered by me, on Mr. Wilshire's account to Mr. Coxall.
Q. As you are not always present, might not an entry of the same number be made when you werenot present? - A. It appears to me to be utterly impossible; because, it another person were to make an entry in that book, I, as Cashier, being accountable for the Bank paper in my hands, when I came to make up the balance, must know if that note disappeared.
Q. What is your reason for knowing that another person has not made a like entry of the number when you were not present? - A. It is impossible he should make such an entry.
Q. Whether you have any other knowledge of having paid this note to Mr. Coxall than by referring to the number? - A. I depend upon the number perfectly being there wrote; I likewise depend upon this, that the gentleman is Mr. Coxall to whom I paid this note.
Court. Q. Do you recollect that day, personally, making that payment to Mr. Coxall? - A. From the document, and from my personal recollection, I paid that note to him that day.


                  ROBERT
                   BERRESFORD
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys I am an officer of Bow-street: On the 7th of July, Mr. Headley gave information that he had been defrauded of 100l. and gave a description of the persons; in consequence of which we went to Hodges's house, No. 13, Wyld-court, Wyld-street; when we came there Hodges was not at home, Mrs. Hodges was; I searched Mrs. Hodges; on her I found five ten pound Bank notes of England, (Producing them); we went there between nine and ten in the evening; me, Carpmeal, and Miller, remained at Hodges's house all night; about seven in the morning Carpmeal and I, being obliged to go about other business, we left Miller and Berresford in the house; Probin was brought to Bow-street by Berresford on the 8th in the morning; I searched Probin, and found four 10l. Bank notes upon him, and five guineas, (producing them); Hodges was taken soon after; I searched him, and found two guineas and an half upon him, and two red morocco pocketbooks, (producing them); one of them contains another cross; in the other pocket-book there was nothing but a direction, 
               
                  William
                   Headley
               



            , Cambridge. (The directions shewn to Mr. Headley).
Q. Is that your hand writing? - A. No; it was taken down by Hodges in my presence.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. In consequence of the description Headley gave of Hodges, and his dress, you went to his lodgings? - A. Yes.
Q. Did he describe him to have a striped greatcoat? - A. He described him as having a striped coat, and an old pair of boots.


                  JOHN
                   RIVETT
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a constable of St. Clement's; On Friday morning the 8th of July, I went to Hodges's house and in about a quarter of an hour after, Probin came to the window, the shutters were a little open; he peeped in, and Hodges's wife waved her hand to him, to go away, he did not take that directly; he came and peeped in again, and she waved her hand again; upon that I ran out of the room, and said, Mr. Hodges, I want you; and I seized him, supposing him to be Hodges; he said, his name was not Hodges, and he would be damned if he would go with me; I told him he should, for I would never leave him; he made a bit of a struggle; I told him, if he did not come quietly, I would knock him down, and then he went with me to Bow-street, and I left him in custody, and went back to Hodges's house, and in about twenty minutes. Hodges opened the door and came in; his wife got up, and asked, when did you hear from our friends in Cirencester; my husband will be there next week; I thought he answered the description of Hodges; I left him in custody, and went to Bow-street to fetch Rivett.


                  FRANCIS
                   SALKELD
               



             sworn. I am a jeweller.
Q. Look at that cross; is that diamond cross of any value? - A. There is no intrinsic value in it; I suppose it to be worth half-a-guinea, or twelve shillings. (Looks at the other found on Hodges).
Q. Is that much of the same kind? - A. As near as possible about the same value.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You said it was of no intrinsic value? - A. I don't think it would realize any if it was broke up.
Q. Do you think it would realize a farthing? - A. I don't think it would; I would not give any thing for it if it was offered me for sale.


                  JOHN
                   FURMEAN
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am one of the Cashiers of the Bank.
Q. Look at that Bank note, did you give value for that, and when? - A. I did; this is my writing upon the face of it - W. Hodges, Holborn.
Q. To whom did you pay it? - A. I don't know; he represented himself to be 
               
                  William
                   Hodges
               



            ; I suppose by my writing that upon it, I gave ten 10l. Bank notes, as appears by the book.
Q. Look at these five notes, and see if they are five of the ten? - A. (Looks at the book). No. 34 to 38; they appear to be the same numbers, and the same date, 20th of June.
Q. Look at those other four, and tell me if they constitute a part of the ten you paid to that person, who said his name was Hodges; these are the four found upon Probin, No. 29 to 32? - A. These four answer in date and number in my every; the day I gave the change for the 100l. note was the 7th of July.

Q. Do you know about what time of the day you gave the change? - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Whoever you paid this to, you don't recollect? - A. No.
Hodges's defence. I have nothing particular to say, the note I changed was my own note.
Probin's defence. The four notes taken from me by Rivett were Hodges's four notes; the night before I was at a christening at Mr. Hodges's, and he was very much in liquor, and he gave me his pocket-book, and desired me to take care of it; I went to him in the morning, and was apprehended; I had received them from 
               
                  Hodges
               


             the night before, and when I went to his house to take him the notes back I was taken to Bow-street.
Hodges, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 39.)
Probin, GUILTY. (Aged 43.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before
Mr. RECORDER.
