





181. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DEAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 20th of February
 last, a black silk cloak, value 21 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Chiffley
                  




               
            .


                  MARY
                   CHIFFLEY
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  John
                   Chiffley
               



            , I lost a black mode silk cloak at the end of Greek-street


, coming from work, at half past seven; the prisoner came from behind me, and he came before me and stopped me, and pulled the string of my cloak, and it went off my shoulders in a moment's time; he run down Greek-street, and I called out stop thief! he was stopped directly, I lost sight of him, I saw him soon afterwards in the patrol Sloper's custody.


                  SIMON
                   SLOPER
               



             sworn.
The cloak was not found; I was on my duty, and turned on hearing the cry of stop thief! I saw the prisoner and two others running down the street; I slipped and fell, it was frosty; I caught the prisoner; says he, I had no hand in it: the woman came up and charged him with taking the cloak.
Court to Mrs. Chiffley. Had you opportunity of seeing the face of the prisoner? - Yes; it was under a lamp; I am positive he pulled the string of my cloak, but I do not swear he took it off.
Prisoner. My witnesses were here yesterday, they are gone out of town.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 18.)
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Lord KENYON.

Court. What are you? - I am learning the trade of a farmer and grazier
, from one Mr. Holgate, of Leeds Marsh, near Rye, in Sussex, tenant to one Squire Mansfield I think his name is, he lives at Roberts Bridge; I left him a year and a half; I have been supported since by my friends; my aunt used to support me, Old Quebec-street, Oxford-road.




[Transportation. See summary.]


