






320. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PROSSER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of September
, eleven pounds weight and an half of mottled soap, value 5 s. and eight pounds of yellow soap, value 3 s.
             the goods and chattles of 
               
                  
                     Ezekiel 
                     Delight
                  




               
            .
EZEKIEL DELIGHT sworn.
I live near Blackfriars Bridge


, an oil and colour man
; 
               
                  John
                   Prosser
               



            , the prisoner, was occasionally my porter
, and he stole a quantity of soap from my cellar on the 2d of September last, about seven o'clock in the evening; he conveyed it away the same night he took it, about five yard from the shop, and I called him back; I saw him carry it out from the cellar in a knapsack on his shoulder, about nineteen pounds and an half; he came to work that day about one o'clock, and he went out, and I went down again into the cellar, to see whether he had moved the soap; and I found there eleven pieces out of the thirteen, which I had seen first moved into the knapsack, one piece of which was marked with a D on it by my man, before it was put in the knapsack; there were two pieces in the box; I paid him his wages, he came back very orderly; in the knapsack I found a regimental coat and waistcoat, and nineteen pounds and an half of soap of two sorts; it was my property, I have no partners.


                  DANIEL
                   STUDD
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to Mr. Delight. On September the 2d, about seven in the morning, I went into the cellar to look for a newspaper, instead of which I observed thirteen pieces of soap; I informed Mr. Delight; the prisoner came to work, and was in the cellar about an hour; about three he went out; we went down and found the knapsack covered with his coat and stowed (as we thought) quite full; in the evening he came to be paid; then he had the knapsack under his arm; I was determined to let him pass out of the door; he came back when I called him.


                  JOSEPH
                   THOMPSON
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; on Friday the 2d of September I was waiting in Mr. Delight's compting-house, the prisoner came up and was paid, he went away and was called back; says I, my friend, what have you in your knapsack? says he, nothing but my coat and waistcoat, and a little bit of soap besides: this is the soap.
Studd. I marked this that morning.
(The soap deposed to.)
Thompson. He first said he had it from a another man; afterwards he said it was the first offence.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.
Serjeant 
               
                  THOMAS
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I have known him about fourteen months in the first regiment, a very orderly soldier
, I never heard any thing amiss of him.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
