





649. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CARTY otherwise 
MACARTHY





               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of August
, a canvas purse, value a halfpenny, two guineas, a half guinea, five shillings, and two sixpences
            ,the goods and monies of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ruff
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   RUFF
               



             sworn.
I am a single man; I was robbed of my purse and money the 26th of August, Monday morning between twelve and one, nearly one, between Sunday and Monday; I was coming up Holborn


, and near at the end of Leather-lane, the prisoner at the bar and another woman catched hold of me, one of one arm, and the other of the other; the prisoner had hold of the right arm, she put her hands down trying to pick my watch out of my pocket; I went to rescue my watch, and she plucked me forward towards her and catched hold of this purse out of my pocket; I felt it drawn out, and then I immediately called the watch, and catched fast hold of her, I called three or four times before any body came, and there was a man crossed over who wanted to rescue her from me, the other at the same time picked my pocket of my handkerchief, but I would not lose this party that I had got hold of, I continued to lay hold of her till I got her into the watchman's hands, and afterwards I conducted her to the watch-house, there I asked the constable of the night to search her, which they would not do in my presence. I knew she had got my money about her, because my purse dropped from her when the constable first took hold of her; it dropped from under her clothes on the flag pavement, but all the property was out of it.
Q. Was it whole or had it been cut? - It was just the same as I have it in my pocket at this present time, there was half a guinea and four shillings also on the flag stones, the watchman picked it up and gave it into my hand. I see my purse before in the evening about seven or eight o'clock; I had in it two guineas, half a guinea, five shillings and two six-pences; all that I ever recovered was half a guinea and four shillings.
Q. Could you swear to the money that was found? - No, I could not.
Q. Can you speak to the purse? - It is a canvas purse; I have had it seven years at least, it is greasy by my selling pickled salmon and putting the money backward and forward in it; I have no doubt in the least, I am positive this is the purse the money was in; after I had been in the watch-house the constable asked her if she had any charge against me? yes, she said, she had a charge against me for robbing her, so he said then there was charge for charge.
Q. What is your prosession, what are you? - I am a fishmonger
. They then took me to the patroles, and I was committed to the Poultry Compter.
Q. What were the words he made use of? - Have you any charge against him.


                  BARTHOLOMEW
                   BUCKLEY
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; after calling one o'clock I sat in my box, and this man cried out for the watch, accordingly I answered the call, and he had hold of this woman, and I asked him what was the matter, and he told me that woman robbed him, and accordingly I took her; after he had said that the prisoner had robbed him and he had hold of her I saw her drop three shillings in the street on the flags, I did not see her drop it, there was some gold lay on the door way.
Q. What was it she dropped? - Three shillings; I see nothing else drop, I saw some gold lay on the door way before she dropped the three shillings, the first thing I saw was the gold laying on the ground, it lay on the other side as near as I can guess about a quarter of a yard; then besides this gold, I saw three shillings drop from her, I asked her to give the rest of the money to the man, says she that isall the money I have got, that was all she said then, I took her prisoner to the watch-house and gave her to the officer of the night.
Q. Who picked up the money? - Some man that was in the croud, there were several people there and four watchmen.
Q. What passed after you got to the officer of the night? - I did not stay there, I left them in the watch-house after I gave charge.


                  ALEXANDER
                   SCOTT
               



             sworn.
I am one of the beadles of St. Andrew's Holborn. I was the officer of the night, it was about half an hour after one the watchman brought that woman down, and then about five minutes after the man came in and charged her with robbing him of two guineas and a half, five shillings and two six-pences; accordingly when he made the charge the prisoner at the bar said you are a d - d scoundrel, and used such oaths as are not fit to be spoken of here, and says you have robbed me of seven shillings and six-pence, accordingly I said there is charge for charge. As Ruff was dry he gave a shilling to send for some drink; accordingly the beer came, says I, you must go to the compter as well as she, without you can send for any house-keeper I know, then he said he could not, therefore I thought proper, for the good of the community at large, to send him to the compter as well as she.
Q. How long have you known the prisoner? - Four or five years, I have seen her many times at the corner of different courts in the parish and made her go away.
Q. Was she examined there? - She was, and there was only six-pence found on her.
Q. So she gave a charge against this gentleman? - She did, as soon as he gave charge she gave charge.
Q. Was you sober that evening? - Yes, I was quite sober as I am now.
Q. Then you have a perfect recollection of what passed? - I have.
Q. Have you told us on your oath exactly all that passed? - Certainly, what I have said is truth.
Q. And exactly in the manner you have described? - Yes, exactly,
Q. Then if any body has given a different account to what you have given they would swear false? - I am certain they cannot give a different account.
Q. Then you mean to insist upon it that she instantly gave charge of him as he gave charge of her, and if any body has said different they have sworn false? - I have no further to say. When she found that she was going to the counter she downed on her knees and said, what I have said is all false against Mr. Ruff and I hope for mercy.
Q. It has been told, that after the man had made the charge, that you asked her if she had not a charge to make? is it true or false? - I might say so.
Q. What did you mean by telling me that it all passed as you said just now? as soon as the charge was made by him, did you say what charge have you to make against the gentleman? - I might say so, I cannot recollect my mind now; the watch-house was full of watchmen and patroles, I could not hear myself speak.
Court to Prosecutor. I understood you to say that the officer said immediately as you gave the account of the story, have you no charge against him? - Them were the words he made use of.
Court to Scott. Was this woman searched? - She was, and there was sixpence found on her, the prosecutor was present and there was several present.
Prosecutor. I wished her to be searched in my presence, but they would not grant me the favour.

Court to Prosecutor. Did you keep that money separate that was taken up? - No, I did not, as I could not swear to it.
Court to Scott. Do you mean to swear that there was only six pence found? - Only six-pence.
Q. Pray what did you mean by not searching her in the presence of the prosecutor? - He said he searched her in the street and found a shilling in a private place.
Prosecutor. I never said the word that I searched her.
Court to Buckley. When you was present at any time did that gentleman say that he had searched her in the street? - I did not hear him say that he did.
Q. Was you present at the search? - No.
Court to Mr. Scott. Are you in office now? - Yes, I am.
Court. Then I assure you that the court will recommend that you be turned out of office.
Prisoner. I was coming down Holborn and this gentleman was standing at the door and another young woman along with him, directly as I came to the spot the other woman went away, and he catched hold of me, and I told him if he did not let me go I would charge the watch with him; and he said I had robbed him, and he called the watch and said that he had lost two guineas; he was very much in liquor, I was so pulled about that I lost six shillings; I had my witnesses here all day to day, and I did not think I should be tried to night so they are gone; they came as far as Woolwich.
Court to Buckley. Did you see the purse at all? - Yes, I see it on the ground.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
