





394. 
               
                  
                     CLARK 
                     HILLIARD
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of August
, five diaper napkins, value 2s. 6d. a linen doiley, value 6d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bleaden
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Farley
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Terry
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John Henry 
                     Peacock
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN
                   BLEADEN
               



             sworn.
Q. What do you keep? - The London Tavern



.
Q. Who are your partners? - John Farley, &c. In consequence of this man being stopped at Mr. Wiltshire's, I got a search warrant to search his lodgings.
Q. Was this man employed about your house? - Yes, for four or five years as an extra waiter
, he used to be employed sometimes two or three days in a week, more or less as the occasion required, he was employed, and I believe, he was the day before this happened.
Q. He was not discharged from his occasional employment at the time of his being apprehended? - No, he was not; he was sent out once or twice from the house, being in liquor. Mr. Wiltshire had the search warrant, and I went with Mr. Wiltshire to his house.
Q. Where were his lodgings? - In Welsted-street, Sumer's Town.
Q. When you went there did you see any thing of him? - No; he was in custody on Mr. Wiltshire's charge.
Q. How did you know this to he the prisoner's lodgings? - The woman is here that he lodges with. I found five napkins.
Q. Who executed the search warrant? - The officer of Bow-street; he is here, I believe.
Q. Where did you find these napkins? - In the apartment; the prisoner's wife was there.
Q. Did you happen to know her before this time? - I did not. Some of the napkins were made up in child's clothes, and some into a cloak apparently for a woman. Those that were not made up were found in the front room; the doiley was in the closet.
Q. How many were not made up? - Three. The constable brought the things away.
Q. Are you enabled to speak of your own knowledge to the napkins that were made up, as being your property? - Yes; they are marked with our usual mark.
Prisoner. I always take a clean napkin along with me to bring home the broken victuals in.
Witness. We always give every occasional waiter the broken victuals.
Q. Do you allow them to bring home the broken victuals in your napkins? - No.

Prisoner. When the waiter comes to pay the half crown he always asks for the cloth, and I give him my cloth; and if he has given me one of Mr. Bleaden's cloths I cannot say for that; and the last two days I was at work at Mr. Bleaden's I had no cloth of my own, and the waiter lent me one.


                  JOHN
                   SAYER
               



             sworn.
Q. You was an officer employed on this occasion. Did you go with Mr. Bleadon to the lodgings of the prisoner? - Yes; I believe it was on the 6th of August.
Q. Where were the lodgings? - In Somer's town; I don't recollect the street.
Q. How did you know they were the prisoner's lodgings? - Only as informed by Mr. Bleaden and the other gentleman that went with me. I found the woman up stairs.
Q. You of course did not know that woman before? - No.
Q. What room did you search? - The back and front garret.
Q. Was that the habitation of the prisoner? - Yes; I was informed so by the landlady.
Q. What did you find there? - These things that I have now to produce.
Q. Did you find them all in one room or in different rooms? - I believe most of them in one room, if not all.
Q. What are they? - Napkins and one doiley.
Q. Any things made out of napkins? - Yes, a child's cloak and a bed gown.
Q. Did you apprehend the prisoner? - No.
Q. Were any of these things shewn to the prisoner afterwards? - None of them.
Prisoner. These are the napkins that I was to bring back to Mr. Bleadon's waiters, they gave them me to take home the broken victuals with; and I always made a rule for my wife to wash them.


                  MARY
                   WOOLLIVANT
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 4, Welsted-street, Somer's Town.
Q. Do you keep the house there? - Yes.
Q. Do you let lodgings? - Yes.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - I have known him these eight years; he has lodged with me a twelve-month the 1st of October.
Q. What part of the house did he lodge in? - The two garrets, one at the front and the other at the back.
Q. What family had he in your house? - A wife and two children.
Q. Do you remember the time when Mr. Bleaden came with the officers to search his apartments? - Yes, I was at home then.
Q. Did you go up with them to the apartment? - No.
Q. Did you tell them what apartments the prisoner lodged in? - I did.
Q. Were you present when any thing was found or produced? - I keep an haberdasher's shop, and I was below in that apartment.
Prisoner. Mrs. Woollivant knows nothing ill of my character? - I never heard any thing against his character before in my life, and I was quite surprised when I heard this account.
Prosecutor. Two of the napkins I can swear to by the stamp of Bleaden and Co.
Q. Is there any number on the napkins? - There is not.
Q. As to these napkins having been in your house any particular time preceding this is impossible for you to speak to? - That I cannot say, for we lose such quantities it is impossible.
Q. Can you say how long you have had these napkins? - I cannot.

Q. Can you say they were lost a twelve month before this time or less? - I cannot.
Q. There is a doiley, is that in the same situation? - Yes.
Q. How long had the prisoner been employed about your house? - I believe about four or five years, sometimes two or three days in a week. I particularly know the child's skirt, it is made up of napkins; here is my marks.
Prisoner. I never took any thing out of the house without asking my employer, the waiter. As for some of the things made up, my wife bought the things of a person that came round the place. The last time I was working there, the last two days I had no cloth, I asked Mr. Thorn, Mr. Bleaden's head waiter, if he would let me have a cloth to carry home my supper with? and if I get a cloth of any person where I work I always take it back again the next time I go. It is possible I might make a mistake and change my own napkins for one of Mr. Bleaden's; some times we are not sent home till one or two o'clock in the morning.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 40.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
