





591. 
               
                  
                     EZRA 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of October
, a tin japan snuff-box, value 6d. a tooth-brush, value 4d. and a sixpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bird
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   BIRD
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came into my house, the sign of the George, Beach-street


, on the 7th of October, about half past eight in the evening, with another soldier
, and called for a pint of beer; Mrs. Bird ordered the girl to fill a pint, and he asked for some bread and cheese; she sent out for some cheese for him; while Mrs. Bird was gone out of the bar, he went in and stole the snuff-box and tooth-brush, Mrs. Bird met him coming out of the bar with them; she asked him what he did there, and took the things out of his hand; the snuff-box was lying in the window.


                  SARAH
                   BIRD
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came into our house about eight o'clock, and called for a pint of beer; I ordered the girl to fill it, which she did, and I ordered her not to leave the tap-room while they were there. I went out; when I came in again, I asked the girl if they had paid for the beer; she said, no;I bid her ask for the money, she did, and brought it me; he then asked if I had any bread and cheese; I said, I had bread, but no cheese; I sent the girl for a pennyworth of cheese; while she was gone, I went into the yard, and, when I returned, I saw the prisoner in the bar; I asked him what he wanted in the bar, he gave me no answer, he had the box and brush in his hand; I asked him what he was going to do with them; he said, only to look at them. I took them from him: I had laid a sixpence down just before; I missed the sixpence, nobody else had been in the bar. My property is of no great consequence; but he had a good deal of property upon him. I sent for a constable, and he searched him, and took him into custody.
Q. Did he use to frequent your house? - A. He said he had been in my house, I don't know that he had.(
               
                  Samuel
                   Davis
               



            , the constable, produced the snuffbox and the tooth-brush, which were deposed to by the prosecutor).
Prisoner. I have not any thing to say.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 24.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
