





547. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he on the 25th of June
, with a certain offensive weapon and instrument, called a pistol, unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously did make an assault on 
                     
                        John 
                        Hurnall
                     




                  , with intent, feloniously, maliciously, and unlawfully, the goods, chattles and monies of the said 
                     
                        John
                         Hurnall
                     



                  , to steal
            .


                  JOHN
                   HURNALL
               



             sworn.
I have a house in Somer's Town; I am a wine merchant
. On Monday night last, I was coming from Tottenham, down the New Road


 to Somer's Town, which is not above a quarter of a mile; at that time towards Tottenham, there was a watch box, and being so late I was intimidated, and spoke to the watchman, and talked to him, to see whether he was on his duty.
Q. Was you sober? - I was. After that I passed him, and went about two, or three hundred yards or four hundred, I cannot exactly say the distance; but as I was coming along the prisoner at the bar was coming towards me, and I was intimidated at seeing him come towards me, but I recollected that the watchman behind me was so near, and he was on his duty, that I passed him with confidence; the prisoner past me, and he had just past me about a yard, he then turned about, and put a pistol to my breast, and said your watch and money directly, and made use of no bad expressions.
Q. How did he hold this pistol? - He turned it on me.
Q. In which hand did he hold this pistol? - The right. On which knowing the watchman was just behind, and it may be thinking he was rather nearer me than he was, I sprung back from him, and ran to the watchman, crying out thieves! thieves! watch! watch! I lost sight of him then, he ran away; I saw him about an hour after in the second field, in the New Road; I was over in the field to search for him, and four or five more of Mr. Wright's officers with me.
Q. What time did this happen to you? - Near one o'clock on Tuesday morning.
Q. Where did you find him? - Two or three of these people brought him up to me; I had been hunting for him along with other people for half an hour.

Q. Did you know him again? - I did.
Q. Was he drest in the same way as he was before? - He was.
Q. Now as to seeing this man at the time he attacked you in this way, was it moon light, or what sort of light was it? - It was between light and dark.
Q. Was there any lamp there? - No, It was so light it did not need a lamp.
Q. What sort of hat had he on? - I think a cocked hat, but I will not be sure.
Q. What sort of clothes? what colour? - Black, the same as he has on now. The barrel of the pistol struck my eyes, as being bright, it was not an iron one.
Q. As to his hair, how was his hair? - I have no doubt of the man.
Q. You are an honest man and ought to be cautious how you swear. Do you mean coolly and deliberately to say, that he was the man? - I am sorry to say that, I am obliged so to do.
Q. What passed when you took him again? - I believe he might say I am not the man, or was it me? or words to that purpose.
Q. What did you say to that? - I said he was.
Prisoner. At the time I was taken how far was it from where was apprehended and detained by the officers, from the place where he was attempted to be robbed? - I was robbed in the road, and where he was taken by the officers I cannot tell; the officers brought him to me, the second field distant from where I was robbed, not half a quarter of a mile, or a tenth part distant. The man behaved exceeding well, he made use of no bad expressions.


                  THOMAS
                   UNDERSALL
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman. Mr. Hurnall came by my box between twelve and one, I had just gone the half hour; it was neither light nor dark; I could see a great way down the road, because it is a straight road; he past by my box and spake to me; about five or six or seven minutes after he ran back, and said, watch! watch! here is a man going to rob me.
Q. Did you see any man with him at the time? - I did not see any man with him; I saw a man just before him; he ran across the field, and I followed him, I ran as soon as I was spoke to by Mr. Hurnall; I followed him over two fields, then I lost sight of him among some cows; as near as I can possibly tell in the night, he was dressed in black clothes.
Q. Did you see him again that night? - I saw him in the watch-house.
Q. Could you say that was the same man that you had followed? - The runners brought him to me before that about a quarter of an hour after I lost sight of him, they brought him along side of my watch box in the field.
Q. Did you know him to be the man that you saw before with the prosecutor? - I could not swear to the man, only he had the same clothes.
Q. Did the prosecutor come up at the time he was in the hands of the runners? - He came up with some of the runners.
Q. What did Mr. Hurnall say? - He said he was the man that put the pistol up to his breast; the man cursed and swore all the way down to the watch-house, he said he knew nothing at all about it.
Prisoner. Ask him did he know my person? - To the best of my remembrance by the clothes, the size, and the make of the person, you are the person.
Q. Can you swear to me? - I cannot swear to you, because I did not see your face.

GEORGE MILLER sworn.
I am a mason; I am none of the runners; I live near the spot, and I happened to be up at that time in the morning; I heard the cry of murder! murder! and the prisoner at the bar ran across the fields, and I ran after him.
Q. How near was Mr. Hurnall and the prisoner to you when he cried out thieves? - Between two and three hundred yards as near as I can guess; the prisoner was about the same distance running from him in the fields.
Q. How was the man dressed? - I really cannot tell at that time of night; he had dark clothes on; that is all I can say.
Q. Did you lose sight of him? - I pursued him till he got into that field among the cows, and there I lost sight of him, and the patroles took him coming back.
Q. How soon after did you see him with the patroles? - In the space of twenty minutes, or a quarter of an hour.
Q. Did you see his face at all? - Not until he was brought to the watch-house.
Q. Do you believe he is the same man? - I cannot say, I was not near him till he was brought to me; I see a man, but whether that is the man I cannot say, I believe him to be the same man, being nearly about the size and dress.


                  ALEXANDER
                   MACKAY
               



             sworn.
I am one of the patroles; I belong to Bow-street. About one o'clock on Tuesday morning, the 25th, being at the Duke of Bolton's Head, we heard the cry of stop thief! we turned to the fields back again, and saw a man running; I pursued after him; he got over the rails into the Duke of Bedford's private road; I never lost sight of him; the prisoner is the man, and he was taken; when we had taken him, we took him back towards where the alarm came from; he said he came out of a house, in which house he had been drinking with another; we asked him if he would shew us the house? we carried him to the second field from where I took him from, and there we found Mr. Hurnall, and Mr. Shallard, and some more, hunting all about the ditches to see to find the man; the instant Mr. Hurnall see him, he said that is the man that robbed me.
Prisoner. At what distanace was it from where the gentleman was robbed you took me? - About nine hundred yards.
Prisoner. When I met him I was turning out of the path into the road, and this man fell down. - I jumped over the rail after the man, and I fell down by accident.
Prisoner. I could wish you to call the other witnesses in, the gentleman in the blue coat.


                  WILLIAM
                   PINNARD
               



             sworn.
I am a Patrole.
Q. Did you see Mr. Hurnall robbed? - I did not; I heard the alarm, I saw the prisoner run, and I pursued him.
Q. Did you lose sight of him? - Not till after I saw him run; the prisoner was nearly at the Duke of Bolton's, where he was apprehended.
Prisoner. At the time you stopped me on the road, was not that last gentleman drunk? - You two fell together when I came up to you.
Q. Did not I stop to see him picked up? - You two were very close.
Court. Was the other man on the ground? - I don't know that I see him on the ground at all.

Prisoner. How far distant was this from the place where the gentleman was robbed? - About half a quarter of a mile.
Prisoner. The other has said nine hundred yards, which is three quarters of a mile, upon my soul it is unaccountable.
Prisoner. I was passing along the road; I had been drinking; they took me into custody, and they detained me, asked me where I was going? and where I had been? and were taking me to a place where I had been in, and passing along we were met with this prosecutor of mine, and he said, that I was the man that robbed him: I declare my innocence; I know nothing about it. I have no witnesses, I was brought up to trial so suddenly I have none at present; had it been a future day I might have got some.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 30.)




               Transported for seven years
            

Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
