






427. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BRYAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     HARRINGTON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of June
, a dollar, value 4s. 9d.
             the property of 
               Thomas Jacques


            .
THOMAS JACQUES sworn. - I keep a turner's shop
 in Leather-lane


: On Wednesday the 28th of June, about nine o'clock in the evening, the prisoners came into my shop, and asked for some sugar-tongs, I shewed them three or four pair, I told them, that the price of the pair they had fixed upon was nine-pence, they gave me a dollar which I refused, andthen they gave me another, I laid it down on the counter, and said to Bryan, four shillings will be just the change; in a few minutes she returned, and said, I had given her a bad shilling, which I was confident I had not; while I was disputing about the shilling, it struck me, that they came with a view to defraud or rob me; I turned round to take up the dollar off the counter, and it was gone, I then charged them with it, and they both swore they had not got it; I told them, I was confident they had; I called one of my men out of the shop, and sent for the runners, and then they offered to give me the dollar again, if I would let them go, but I refused to take it; when the officers came, I gave charge of them, there were three of them, the other stood just in the door way, neither in nor out.
Q. Are you sure the prisoners are the two women that came into your shop? - A. Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            Were they searched? - A. Yes; and two dollars, and one shilling and six-pence were found upon them.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You did not know these women at all before, had they never been in your shop before? - A. Not that I know of.


                  Q. 
               


            Mary Bryan was the only person you had any dealings with? - A. She seemed to be the foremost.
Q. These persons, after you had made the charge, remained in your shop till the runners came? - A. Yes, they did.
Q. Did they not throw the dollar down in the shop, and the tongs too, and say they would have nothing to do with you after the dispute about the money? - A. No; I laid down the dollar myself upon the counter, and the tongs I took out of Bryan's hand.


                  Q. 
               


            Forcibly, I take it for granted? - A. No; she did not resist at all; I said, you have got my money, but you shall not have my tongs.
Q. Did you not get your four shillings again? - A. No; I never got any thing from them but the tongs.
JOSEPH INWARDS sworn. - I am an officer belonging to the Police-Office, Hatton-garden; I was sent for by the prosecutor, I searched the prisoners, and found upon Bryan two dollars, and one shilling and six pence on the other; I secured them, they said, if he would overlook it, they would give him the money; I believe both of them said so, I know that one of them did.
The prisoners left their defence to their Counsel.
Bryan 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 16.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Harrington 

               NOT  GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
