





500. 
               
                  
                     ROSE 
                     LLOYD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of September
, a silver watch, value 1l. 1s. a steel watch chain, value 6d. a silver seal, value 1s. a metal seal, value 1d.
             the goods of 
               
                  Michael 
                  Cullen
               




            .


                  MICHAEL
                   CULLEN
               



             sworn.
The prisoner Lloyd robbed me of my watch, I felt her take it out of my pocket while I was with her, Sunday night, I was in the Minories


; I was in the Minories, I was going home; I met her in the Minories, and she says, my dear, where are you going? and I said, what is that to you? I am going home. With that she followed me, and I asked her to go along with me, and asked her what she would have? She told me she would have a shilling; so I told her I would give her six-pence; and she took me up an alley, and I gave her six-pence, and as I was with her I felt her take the watch out of my left hand pocket; with that I charged her with it, and took her to the watch-house, and she denied the watch at the watch-house, and then the watchman insisted on searching of her; accordingly the pulled the watch out of her bosom, and the watchman would not let her go then, nor me neither, without I left my watch for security, to come on Monday morning eleven o'clock, which I did.
Prisoner. He gave me the watch on condition of going to a house with him, to take half a crown for myself, and a shilling for the room.

Court to Prosecutor. Did you give it her? - She picked my pocket while I was along with her; it was in my waistcoat pocket, I took it from my breeches pocket for safety, and put it in there; and there was a shilling in the pocket besides, and she did not take that; and directly that she took the watch, I asked her for it; and she said, she did not take it.


                  THOMAS
                   COOPER
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; I know the prisoner, Rose Lloyd; I took her up first, because I heard watch called.
Q. What did she say when you first took her up? - She denied having the watch; in the watch-house, when I prest on her, for her to be searched, she put her hand into her bosom and took the watch out, and gave it this Michael Cullen; She said, she would never do so any more; she said, that this Cullen gave it her as a pledge for half a crown, at some house.
Court to Cullin. You talked of an agreement for six-pence; did you give her the watch in pledge for two shillings and six-pence? - I never did.
Prisoner. I am an unfortunate person, and very poor, and I told the gentleman I knew a place for company, and he gave me the watch to take half a crown for myself, and a shilling for the room; and when he came into the watch-house, I honourably gave it him, before the company.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before
Mr. Justice ROOKE.
