






382. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of April
, two gallons of rum, value 30s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Butler
                  



               
            , widow
, and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Butler
                  



               
            .
(The indictment was opened by Mr. Knapp, and the case by Mr. Const.)


                  THOMAS
                   BUTLER
               



             sworn. - I am a wine-merchant

, in partnership with my mother, 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Butler
               



            , widow; we have a bonded vaults in Plough-court, Seething-lane


: bonded vaults are for rum that has not paid duty, and is under the King's lock: In consequence of some information from Mr. Green, the Excise-officer, I went to Mr. Botheroyd, the person that we rent the vaults of; over the vault is a stable that Mr. Stansfield rents of Mr. Botheroyd.
Q. Do you know the prisoners at the bar? - A. I do: White was servant to Mr. Stansfield; Smith was servant
 to Messrs. Hodgson and Hayter, in Seething-lane; I got some other information from Mr. Mead, and he and I, and Mr. Botheroyd, all three went and examined the vaults; over the stairs is a bulk head-way to go down into the vaults, there we perceived a water-tub that stands over the bulk head, under that were some boards, loose, that had been nailed down formerly, and we put our hands under them.
Q. How many boards were there loose? - A. I cannot say; I dare say there were three or four of them.
Q. Did you take the boards up? - A. No, we left them as we found them; I went to Mrs. Haydon's and begged her to let us set up and watch in her cellar, which is directly opposite the stable, and nothing could go in without our seeing it; we did go there, myself, Mr. Mead, the Excise-surveyor, and my brother; we went about eleven at night, and about half past seven the next morning, we saw the prisoner, White, come to his mistres's stable; he unlocked the door and went in, we supposed to clean his horses, and Smith went in to him about eight o'clock, or rather before; I saw White empty the water-tub at the stable-door, and put on one side; the prisoner Smith then went out and got a light and brought in with him, and then White took the key out of the stable-door, and put the stable-door to, and shut themselves both in; I then waited a few minutes, and went out to Mr. Botheroyd, and he and I went and got a couple of constables, and I left Mr. Botheroyd and the two constables at the bottom of the court; I then went up to Mrs. Haydon's cellar and informed Mr. Mead, and then we came out, and just as we got out, the prisoner, White, opened the stable-door.
Q. How long might it be from the time you saw them shut the door to that time? - A. About twenty minutes; he looked about, I suppose, to see if the coast was clear, and then he pulled the door to.
Q. Then after he had satisfied himself, he went away again? - A. I fancy he saw somebody, and pulled the door to again pretty sharp; I then called to Mr. Botheroyd, and the two constables, to come up to the stable-door; they did come up, Mr. Botheroyd went to open the stable-door and there was a little resistance made.
Q. From the inside, I take it for granted? - A. Yes; they then ran round as if they meant to come out at the other door of the stable; upon which Mr. Botheroyd told them if they offered to stir he would blow their brains out, he had a pistol; I was at the stable-door at the time, and saw the two prisoners in there; Mr. Crane, the constable, caught hold of one, and Mr. Jewson caught hold of the other, and made them prisoners; the prisoner, Smith, said, God bless you, forgive us, and we will pay for the rum.
Q. At that time White was close by them? - A. Yes; but I did not hear any thing he said, except, upon being challenged, he denied it at first.
Mr. Gurney. Q. This was not said till you had said something to them? - A. We had challenged them with it.
Q. And you told them, one of you, that it was better to confess it? - A. Not that I know of.
Court. Q. Did you make them any promise? - A. No.
Court. Q. Did you threaten them? - A. No.
Mr. Gurney. Q. Did not you threaten them a good deal? - A. No; they were a great deal frightened at being detected; we challenged them that they had something, they at first denied it; and thenSmith said to White, you had better give it them; White said, you know where it is best; Smith then reached over to the furthest stall in the stable, and pulled out a stone bottle full of rum from amongst some trusses of straw; I then begged Mr. Mead, the Excise-surveyor, to take off the lock of the vault, that we might go down and see what they had been at.
Q. Did you go down when the lock was taken off? - A. I did.
Q. Did you observe any thing particular in the bulk-head that you have described? - A. The boards were laid on but the water-tub was not; and at the farther part of the vault, on the left-hand, there was a hogshead of rum which had been bored in the head with an implement, a kind of augur, or spike-bit, which we found in a sack in the stable, the sack was all wet at one corner with rum; we have the augur and the spike-bit here, they had put a kind of a fauset into it that was not big enough, and it was leaking very fast; and on that hogshead there were several drop of blood quite fresh, and on the ground likewise; I then called Mr. Botheroyd from up stairs, and the constables, they came and looked at it; Mr. Botheroyd then went up into the stable, I staid there five minutes to make it as sight as I could; I went up in a few minutes, into the stable, and there were the two prisoners, and the constables, and Mr. Botheroyd, and several other people; I saw Smith's little finger had been torn or cut, was very bloody, and was then bleeding; they were then taken away and secured; we went back again and found the sack, and the two implements in it.
Q. Such as you suspected had been used to bore the hogshead? - A. Yes; we found nothing in the sack but a gimblet and a spike-bit.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Who is in partnership with you? - A. My mother, 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Butler
               



            .
Q. Any body else? - A. No.
- BOTHEROYD sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const. I am the proprietor of the vaults, I know both the prisoners, Smith in particular I have known eight years, as carman to Messrs. Hodgson and Hayter, they are packers; and the other was servant to Mr. Stansfield. I went down into the vault with Mr. Butler, and looked over it, and saw the blood upon the hogshead; I went up and saw his hands bloody, and I said, my lads, you have not done this business clean, you should have been more careful.


                  DANIEL
                   JEWSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I apprehended the prisoners; I found these two implements, and the sack in the Cellar.
Smith's defence. I am quite innocent of the affair.
White left his defence to his Counsel.
The prisoners each called four witnesses, who gave them a good character.
Smith 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 40.)
White GUILTY (Aged 22.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
