





78. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ELLIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of January
, a piece of woolen cloth containing thirty-two yards, value 1l. 10s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Andrews
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   ANDREWS
               



             sworn.
I am a warehouseman
 in Basinghall-street


.
Q. Was the prisoner at the bar your servant or apprentice? - No, I never knew him; I never knew of the loss of the cloth till I heard of it; I lost it from my war house.
Q. When had you last seen it before it was stole? - I cannot recollect having seen it for some time; it has my mark and stamp on it, and it appears by my book that I never sold that piece.
Q. Your servant might have sold it in your absence? - It is regular to enter every thing sold in the book.


                  HENRY
                   THORNTON
               



             sworn.
Last Thursday morning, about half after eight o'clock, I saw the prisoner in company with two more, looking into different warehouses in Basinghall-street, looking into windows and door ways; I perceived the prisoner at the bar to open the door of Mr. Andrews's warehouse, and walked in; I see him go in, and had suspicion he was going to bring something out; I went after a constable; returning back I see Prior, the officer, with the prisoner, and the property under his arm in the street.


                  JAMES
                   PRIOR
               



             sworn.
I have got a piece of cloth, the prisoner brought it out of Mr. Andrews's warehouse; I was on the opposite side of the way, I saw him come out of the door with it; I detected him within ten yards of Mr. Andrews's warehouse; he said, if I would forgive him, he would not do so any more.
Prosecutor. That piece is my property, I know it from a seal that it has, and the character of the cost price.
Q. Did you mark it yourself? - No, it has a leaden stamp with -
Q. You have no doubt of its being your property? - No, none in the least.
The prisoner called five witnesses who said, his father was a coach-maker, he had been to sea, and was now with his father, and they knew nothing but honestly by him.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 16.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
