





287. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     BILLING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, one the 7th of March
, eighteen yards and a half of calico, value 2l. A. muslin shawl, value 6s. three yards and a half of linen, value 5s. another muslin shawl, value 6s. a chintz shawl, value 10s. and a paper book bound in vellum, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Atkinson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Clarence
                  



               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Matthews).


                  THOMAS
                   RODWELL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Matthews. I am warehouseman to Messrs. Robert Atkinson and 
               
                  Richard
                   Clarence
               



            , linen-drapers

, No. 89, Minories


; they have no other partner: On Wednesday morning, the 7th of March, we were alarmed by a watchman, between the hours of one and two, of the warehouse door being open; we got up and went to the warehouse door as soon as possible; upon examining the goods, we found some Irish cloths, and a great quantity of other goods removed from their places, which induced me to suppose it was done by somebody who knew the premises. The prisoner had been our porter a year and a half.
Q. Did he lodge in the house? - A. No. The suspicion then fell upon the prisoner at the bar; I went, with Mr. Clarence and the watchman, to see if the prisoner was in bed; I knew where the prisoner lodged, we did not know the number of the house, it was in Cable-street, near Wellclose-square; we rapped at the door some little time; the prisoner, in the course of a little time, looked out of the window apparently in his shirt; Mr. Clarence told him, he wished to speak to him, or wished him to come down, I don't know rightly which; he then said he was not up; we waited there a considerable time, but the door was not opened; I waited about half an hour, and then I went away.
Q. During the half hour that you waited, did you hear any thing in the house? - A. No, I did not.
Court. Q. What did you go away for? - A. I went to inform Mrs. Clarence where Mr. Clarence was. When I came back, there were several watchman upon the ground floor, Mr. Clarence was up stairs. None of the goods were found in my presence.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. I think you said this was between two and three o'clock in the morning? - A. Yes.
Q. And he appeared in his shirt like a man; just out of bed? - A. Yes.
Q. Just as you would have done, if you had been called up in the night? - A. Yes; I saw nothing but just his arms and shoulders.


                  JOHN
                   HAYWOOD
               



             sworn. - I am a shopman belonging to the prosecutor: About a quarter past one on Wednesday morning, the 7th of March, I was called up by three rings at the door; I asked what was the matter; the watchman told me the warehouse door was open; and, in the warehouse, I found a slat basket filled with five pieces of Irishlinen and six pieces of muslin handkerchiefs; I took up the basket, and looked at the Irishes; I immediately found they were of the best make and the highest prices; I suspected it must be somebody that knew the premises; I then went backwards to see if any thing was disturbed, and the handkerchiefs were taken out of the box in the back warehouse, and the lid shut down.
Court. Q. How did the person get into the the warehouse? - A. By picking the locks of the street door, there were two locks and a latch; I was then asked to go to Billing's house; I did not go immediately; Mr. Clarence went to the house, I stopped in the warehouse.
Q.How long was it before you went to the prisoner's house? - A. About three quarters of an hour. On entering the room on the first floor, I saw a constable and Mr. Clarence searching, I saw them take up a muslin shawl from a box which stood by the bedside; Billing's wife was in bed at the same time; the shawl appeared to be our's; there was a girl in bed on the other-side, and the wife said, you need not take that shawl, for it is that young woman's. Mr. Clarence asked me if I thought it was our shawl, I said, I believed it was; we took the shawl, and told the young woman if it was her's, she should have it again; she disowned the shawl being her's afterwards.
Court. Q. Upon examining the shawl, it turned out to he your's? - A. Yes.
Q. Was the prisoner dressed then? - A. Partly dressed.
Q. What was his appearance? - A. His shirt was all over foot and dirt, and both his hands and face were footy. We then made further search, and found a piece of Corsa muslin, it is an India muslin which goes by the name of Corsa, and some remnants of Irish; afterwards we searched under the bed, and found some remnants of bed-furniture tied up under the bed, in a little bundle, between the sacking and the bed, and some other things, which I do not now recollect; the bed-furniture was printed cotton.
Q. Did you find any thing else besides what you have stated? - A. Some other things, which will be produced. The next morning I got up early, about six o'clock, and found Mr. Clarence there, and Mr. Fox the constable; I then went up stairs, and found some few things, which we had no doubt were our's; we then went down stairs into the cellar, and under the chamber stairs, going down, we found a green vellum-coloured book, a writing-book, lodged on the bearers of the stairs, in which we used to keep an account of the goods we bought; we then went down the cellar, and searched the cellar thoroughly, and found nothing; but, on going up stairs, I found in some dust a shawl, which proved to be our shawl, with my own mark upon it. I then gave it into the custody of Tipper, a constable.
Q. Had you any conversation with the prisoner respecting the articles then found? - A. I told him the things appeared much against him, he said he knew no more about it than a new born child; but he said he never took any of the goods, except the few remnants of cotton that were found under the bed.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. - Q. Is there not some other persons concerned in the firm, besides those gentlemen? - A. No, I believe not.
Q. Do you know it, of your own knowledge? - A. Yes.
Q. Before this man came down stairs, there would have been ample opportunity to remove the things, if he had been so desirous to do? - A. Yes.


                  THOMAS
                   HOPGOOD
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman: My box was close to the door of Mr. Atkinson's warehouse. Just before one o'clock of the 7th of March, I saw two men walking backwards and forwards, and while they were walking, the clock struck one; I went my best as fast as I possibly could, and I ran all the way back as quick as possible; when I came to my box, which is at the corner of the house, I met a man, I said, pray what do you do here.
Court. Q. Was that one of the men that had been walking backwards and forwards? - A. Yes. He made me no answer; I got immediately to the warehouse door, and I found it open; while I was going to the door, he ran off, as fast as possibly he could, across the field; I called stop thief; it being rather dark, he was soon out of my sight; I called to Box, another watchman, that was close by, to stand at the door, while I alarmed Mr. Clarence; and when they got up, we went into the warehouse; there we found a large basket, with those things in it.
Court. Q. You say you saw a man, and you asked him what he did there? - A. I did; he made me no answer at all. I went afterwards to the prisoner's house; I saw the prisoner look out of the window, and answer Mr. Clarence.
Court. Q. Look at the prisoner, was he the person that made you no answer, when you said,"what do you do here?" - A. I think he was the person.
Q. Then, if I understand you right, you believe the prisoner was the person, but you will not swear it positively? - A. I will not.
Q. Did you tell your observation to Mr. Clarence, that night? - A. Yes.
Q. How long did you wait at the door? - A. Near three quarters of an hour. I heard people stirring about the house; after we had been thereabout three quarters of an hour, we saw a cellar window; the door was not opened at all; this cellar window Mr. Clarence found, there was no fastening to it; we opened the window, and got in; we went up stairs, and we searched the house above and below; the constable and Mr. Clarence stood at the door to see that nobody got out; we went backwards, and searched the necessary; we were looking to find the prisoner; at last we were coming into the kitchen, and Harry came in where the pork was, we asked him where he had been, and he made no answer; we suspected he had got over the pales, and on my getting over the pales, they were five or six feet high, I saw something lay upon the Jews necessary-seat; then we searched the necessary on Harry's side with a stick, but could not find any thing.
Q. This was the first visit? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see any thing besides what you found yourself? - A. I saw many of the things found.
Q. Did you see any other person find any thing? - A. Yes; Box took hold of many things.
Q. State what they were like, were they in bundles, or open? - A. Open.
Q. Did you hear any thing said to the prisoner about them? - A. No.
Q. Was his examination taken in writing before the Magistrate? - A. Yes; certainly it was.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. One man you could positively swear to? - A. There was no man I could positively swear to.
Q. Did you describe them both to the prosecutors? - A. Yes; one had a blue coat on.
- Box sworn. - I am a watchman: On the 7th of March, about one o'clock in the morning, the watchman came to me, and said, for God's take come over the way; I ran as hard as I could, and found the warehouse door open; and when we went in, there was a large basket by the warehouse door. We then went to the prisoner's house, and we knocked a long time; Mr. Clarence called Harry, I want to speak to you; we were there three quarters of an hour, before we got into the house; we got in at the cellar window; we found a muslin shawl on a box in the prisoner's bed room, and a piece of Irish; Mr. Clarence found them; as fast as he found them, he gave them to me. There was some bed furniture found between the the bed and the sacking; I have kept them ever since. There were a great many things; I cannot speak to them particularly; a piece of muslin, a shawl, and bed-furniture. (The things produced.)
Q.(To Hayward.) How do you know that shawl? - A. If you examine that shawl it is cut crooked from what we generally cut them, and this shawl exactly matches with what we have got.
Q. Upon the whole, you can swear that to be the property of your masters? - A. I will undertake to do it. This is the bed-furniture that was found between the bed and sacking.
Q. Is that the furniture he said he had taken from his master? - A. These are the pieces that he said he had taken out of the rag-tub.
Q. Look at that book, is that the book he said he had taken? - A. This is the book.
Q. Is there any of your writing in it? - A. No.
Q. Is there any of Mr. Clarence of Mr. Atkinson's writing in it? - A. No. I have seen the book before, and I will undertake to swear to it.(A coloured shawl shewn to the witness). This has my private mark upon it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You say a single muslin shawl was found in the prisoner's house? - A. Yes.
Q. You found it cut apart from that piece? - A Certainly.
Q. Where did you find the remainder? - A. It was packed up in a box to go to Barbadoes, but it did not go.
Q. That has been cut? - A. Yes; from the others.
Q. Is there any private mark upon that which was found in the prisoner's house? - A. No. I packed those four into the box.
Q. How do you know that has not been fold? - A. I will undertake to say that we never sold but one of them.
Q. When you packed it, there were only four? - A. No.
Q. Then how do you know it was never sold? - A. I know it because it was never brought into the retail shop.
Q. How do you know it? - A. By the manner it was cut, for no man in our shop would have cut it off in that manner.
Q. Do you mean to say, that that shawl, which you found in the dust, was never sold? - A. No, I will not.
Prisoner's defence. These people came to the door and knocked, I jumped out of the bed, and went down immediately; before I got down they were in; I ran down stairs without breeches on; they broke into the cellar window, it was hooked upon a chain; and when I came down, Mr. Box went towards a place that was closed, and he took a piece of print, he said he took it from the necessary; they opened the drawer where I kept my money, and they took out fifteen shillings. I bought some of the things in the fair, and some at the door. If I had meant to be a thief to my master, I could have robbed him of thousands and thousands of pounds; I lived with him about a year and a half before, and then I lived with him again.The watchman said before the Lord-Mayor, the other person was the man, but when he found he could not lay hold of that man, he got hold of me. There was a woman that laid in the same room that night, and that shawl she brought in, but before the Lord-Mayor the said it was not her's.
Eight witnesses were called, who said they had known the prisoner from three to eight years, and gave him a very good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 30.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
