







291. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     PASMORE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of April
, a silk handkerchief, value 2s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Baxter
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   BAXTER
               



             sworn.
I live in Cleveland-street, Frtzroy-square; I lost my handkerchief going to Cannon row, the foot of Westminster-bridge; I had been in the City, and as I was going by Westminster-bridge I missed my handkerchief, nearly, out of my pocket; at a considerable distance, from Temple-bar, I missed it partly out, but not quite, then I put it in, going on, partly to Charing Cross, I missed it partly out again; I put it in again; very near to Cannon-row, I observed the prisoners behind me, almost to Cannon row, in Cannon-row


, very near to Bridge-street.
Q. Were they together when you observed them behind you? - Yes, I did not turn about to look particularly at them, but I observed them just behind, just at the end of Cannon-row, I had an occasion for my handkerchief, and I put my hand into my pocket to feel for it, and the prisoners immediately ran forwards before me, which gave me every reason to suspect they had got it, one of them. I run after one of them, and called, stop thief! they went towards the foot of the bridge, from Cannon-row; I laid hold of one of them, the tall one, which is Sullivan, and I told him that either him or the other had got my handkerchief; which he strongly denied, and he pulled a considerable quantity of handkerchief out of his pocket, but I perceived there were neither of them mine; I then took off his hat, and found the handkerchief concealed in the crown of his hat; the other was secured by the people about, at the time Sullivan was stopped; he did not run, he would have run if he had not been secured. From thence they were taken to the justice and committed, I have the handkerchief, there is a black stain nearly the middle, and several holes and white spots; the letters of my name are on it, in the midle, but I did not know it at the time.
Q. You are sure they were both together when you looked behind? - Yes, and they both ran forward together.
Q. How near did you take him after you pursued? - He did not run fifty yards, and the other ran with him.
Q. You had not seen any thing before the prisoners ran by you? - Not any thing.
Prisoner Sullivan. On this Wednesday I was going after two fellow servant
s that had listed in an independant company, near Westminster Bridge; my inclination was to go along with them, to enlist with them, with that as I crossed the street, I saw an handkerchief lay down, I did not know who the handkerchief belonged to, and I picks the handkerchief up, and goes on a little way, and I met this young man, and I asked him if he could tell me where one Captain Ogleton lived over Westminster Bridge? No, says he; thank you, sir, says I, I am very much obliged to you; with that I walked on, and the man cried out stop thief! and stopped me close by the watermen.
Prisoner Pasmore. I was going over Westminster Bridge, and I met this young man, and he asked me where Captain Ogleton lived? I told him I did not know, and when I came to the watermen I was stopped; I did not see what it was for.
The prisoner Pasmore called 
               
                  Oliver
                   Marsden
               



             and his mother to his character.


                  William
                   Sullivan
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)


                  Henry
                   Pasmore
               



            , GUILTY. (Aged 16.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
