





500. 
               
                  
                     JUDITH 
                     BIDWELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th day of October
, a metal watch with a tortoiseshell outside case, value 30 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Fisher
                  




               
            .


                  MATTHEW
                   FISHER
               



             sworn.
I lost my watch the 18th of October, about nine in the evening; I live in Old-street


, it was lost out of the bed room, the prisoner had been a servant
, but went away the Tuesday before; I keep a cook's shop
, I found my watch pledged.


                  THOMAS
                   EADES
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, I live with 
               
                  Henry
                   Page
               



             in Chiswell-street; on Friday morning the 19th of October, I took this watch in of 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Perkins
               



            , and lent her half a guinea.


                  ELIZABETH
                   PERKINS
               



             sworn.
I am a shoemaker's wife; at eleven o'clock on the 18th of October, I went from my house in Bunhill-row; she came to me about a quarter before nine on the 19th of October in the morning; she said to me, Betsey, I found a watch last night going home to my lodgings, I desired her to let me look at it, she put it into my hand, and begged I would pledge it; I asked how much I was to ask, she said half a guinea or 12 s. I took it to Eades, and he lent me half a guinea; I never saw the outside case.


                  ANN
                   GREEN
               



             sworn.
I saw 
               
                  Judith
                   Bidwell
               



             going with Mr. Perkins for her clothes on the night Mr. Fisher lost his watch.
Prisoner. I found this watch on the 18th, in the state it is now, and I desired Perkins to pawn it. (The watch produced and deposed to, it had no outside case).



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.




[Transportation. See summary.]


