





597. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHEELER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 5th of December, in the parish of St. James, Westminster, in the 16th year of his present Majesty, took to wife 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Goodall
                        



                     
                  , spinster

, and afterwards, that is to say, on the 22d of April
 last, at the parish of St. Bridget, otherwise Bride


, feloniously did marry and take to wife 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Watkins
                        



                     
                  , spinster, the said Mary, his former wife, being then alive
            .
The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.


                  ANN
                   STEVENS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp.
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A.Perfectly well.
Q. Do you know Miss Goodall? - A. Yes; I was present when they were married at St. James's Church, Westminster, December the 5th, 1776.
Q. Is she now living? - A. Yes; I have been in her company to-day.


                  FRANCES
                   MITCHEL
               



             sworn. - I know the prisoner, and I knew Miss Goodall; I was present at their marriage in December, 1776; I have been in her company to day.


                  ANN
                   EYRES
               



             sworn. - I know the prisoner at the bar.
Q. Do you know Miss 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Watkins
               



            ? - A. Yes; I was present when she was married to the prisoner at St. Bride's, on the 22d of April last.
Cross-examined by the Prisoner. Q. Whether Miss Watkins and her mother did not lodge at the house opposite the mother of the witness, previous to the marriage taking place? - A. The wife and the daughter lodged at my mother's.
Q. Do you know the reason of her quitting Watkins's house? - A. I do not.


                  MARY
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn. - I know the prisoner, and I know Miss Watkins, I saw her yesterday; I was present at the marriage between her and the prisoner, at St. Bride's; Miss Eyres was with me at the same time.
Cross-examined by the Prisoner. Q. Have you not advised Mrs. Watkins several times to apply to the Civil Power, in consequence of the outrageous conduct of him towards his wife and family? - A. I never did.
Q. Remember you are upon your oath? - A. I am.
Q. Have not you said to me, that you have been afraid of your life? - A. What is that to your marrying this girl.
Prisoner's defence. I should not have troubled your Lordship with any observations, if I had been brought to this bar by a man whose character was even commonly decent; he is a man notoriously disaffected to his King and Country; he is a man who has been guilty of murder in his own family; and if I had not more mercy for him than he has for me, I could have proved it out of the mouth of his wife and daughter. -
Court. I am sorry to interrupt you or any other man in the course of his defence, but the rules of justice must be observed; it does not become the Court to hear circumstances stated so irrelevant.
Prisoner. Then I shall not trouble your Lordship with any further observations.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 38.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
