





131. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MORRISON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of December
, one cloth coat, called a box coat, value 2 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Jenkins
               




            .


                  ROBERT
                   JENKINS
               



             sworn.
I lost this coat out of a chaise, on the 20th of December, Thursday; I was notpresent, I had brought it up that morning from the country, and I see it last at the stable, about ten o'clock in the morning.


                  JOHN
                   FISHER
               



             sworn.
I am a publican, I live at the Rose and Crown, Aldgate, I see the prisoner at the bar come round the chaise, I know it to be the prosecutor's, and he took a box coat, it laid on the seat, some part on the seat and some in the chaise, the chaise stood right opposite my door, the lad was with it; I was standing at my own door and see the transaction; he walked away with it, directly I crossed over to him, and asked him what he was going to do with it, directly he run away, immediately I pursued him, and took him, I gave an alarm and came up to him, a person had stopped him, and he had then the coat under his arm, I never lost sight of him, I collared him, and took the coat, and gave it to one Scott, a person I knew perfectly well; I should know the coat again.


                  JAMES
                   SCOTT
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Solomon, in Bury-street, I was going up the Blue Boar, Aldgate, and heard the cry of stop thief, I immediately runs back and met Mr. Fisher, with the prisoner and coat; he knew me, and desired me to take care of the coat, I took it, and have now brought it from the watch-house, I there delivered it into the hands of Mr. Jenkin's.


                  RICHARD
                   NIBLY
               



             sworn.
I am constable belonging to Portsoken ward, I heard the irruption in the street, and I saw Mr. Fisher with this man, and he said, he would not go along with him, but he would with me; Soott was there, and had the coat under his arm, I took charge of the prisoner, and took him to the watch-house; I produce the great coat, I received it of Mr. Jenkins, the Thursday, within an hour after it was taken from the prisoner, and it hath been in my custody ever since.
Court to Jenkins. Was your lad with the chaise? - He was; I received the great coat of Scott. (Deposed to.)
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
