






152. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     M'CARTNEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GALWIN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of January
 last, one silver table spoon, one ditto desert spoon, and two ditto tea spoons, value 10 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lewis
                  




               
            , Esq
.


                  MICHAEL
                   WATTS
               



             sworn.
I am footman to Mr. Lewis; he lives in Gower-street, Bedford-square


; the spoons were lost on Tuesday the 31st of January; I was going to put my shirt on in the back-room, and I heard somebody come in at the kitchen-door; I put on my waistcoat; I saw 
               
                  Thomas
                   Galwin
               



            , and I asked him what he wanted; he asked whether there were any plasterers at work; I said, no; he asked if it was not No. 36; I said, no, and turned him up the area steps; my mistress saw him, and asked who he was; she said he was a thief, and ordered me to take care; I looked in the kitchen, and missed an old spoon; I went out and found my brother, and then we went into the fields, and saw the prisoners near the Duke of Bolton's; we ran after them, and took them in Southampton-row; I did not see M'Cartney till they were near the Duke of Bolton's; we searched him, and he had the spoons upon him; one is a table-spoon, the other is a desert-spoon (produced); they are Mr. Lewis's spoons; I am sure of it: he said that a man gave them to him.


                  WILLIAM
                   WATTS
               



             sworn.
I am brother to the last witness; I was coming from the stable, and met my brother; he told me there had been thieves in the kitchen, and I asked him which way they were gone; I pursued them, and took M'Cartney; I searched him, and found two spoons; we brought them back; my brother said, as we have got the property, we may as well let them go; so away they went; and one of the maids then came up the area steps, and said we have lost two tea-spoons; I then called out, stop thief! and they were stopped again, and taken to the watch-house.


                  JAMES
                   WEBB
               



             sworn.
I keep a green-stall: on the 31st of January, about ten o'clock, I heard the cry of stop thief! I stood by my stall, and saw M'Cartney turn round; I said, stop; I catched him by the collar; there were several people after him; I put my hand into his left-hand breeches pocket; there I found two silver tea-spoons, and a knife; he said a tall man in a green coat had given them to him; I took him before Sir 
               
                  Laurence
                   Cox
               



            .
(Two tea-spoons produced.)


                  Michael
                   Watts
               



            . They are my master's spoons, they are in daily use; I had seen them in the morning; one of them is marked T. L.
PRISONER GALWIN's DEFENCE.
Please you, my Lord, as I was going up Gower-street, I met a plasterer; I asked him for a job; he said I might go to No. 36, that the house was white-washing; I went there, and saw this gentleman; I met M'Cartney in Southampton-row.
Prisoner M'Cartney. This boy
 gave me the spoons.


                  THOMAS
                   GALWIN
               



            , (Aged 14,)



               GUILTY
            .
EDWARD M'CARTNEY, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.




[Transportation. See summary.]


