





96. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MURRAY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of December
, a wooden cask, value 6d. and 84lbs. of butter, value 44s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Strange
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  Strange
               



            .


                  JOHN
                   STRANGE
               



             sworn. - I am in partnership with 
               
                  William
                   Strange
               



            , cheesemonger

, in Bishopsgate Without; I can only prove the property, I had sent it by our carman to be shipped on board a Canterbury hoy, at Chester-quay.


                  THOMAS
                   PALMER
               



             sworn. - I am carman to Messrs. Strange: I took five casks from the prosecutors to the Canterbury boy; I left them in care of 
               
                  William
                   Naylor
               



            .
WILLIAM NAYLOR sworn. - I received five casks from the last witness, at Chester-quay


; I lost one from there -
Q. Is not that in the city of London? - A. Yes.
Q. Where was it found again? - A. At the Marine Police-office, in Wapping.
Q. Do you know how it came there? - A. No.


                  RICHARD
                   PERRY
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of the Marine Police-office: On Saturday, the 22d of December, between seven and eight in the evening, I stopped the prisoner at the bar in Rosemary-lane, in the parish of Whitechapel, in this County.
Q.(To Strange.) What time did you send it out? - A. On the 22d of December, between one and two o'clock.
Perry. He had another man with him of the same colour* that I had in custody before; and upon my coming up, he said to the prisoner, take care, here is an officer; I then seized the prisoner, and asked him how he came by that cask of butter; and he told me, he had bought it, and given half-a-guinea for it; I took him to the office; it was adveristed, and Mr. Strange claimed it.
*The prisoner was a black man.
Strange. This is my cask, I know it by the mark, 
               
                  B.
                   R. C. 
               




                  Benjamin
                   Ricketts
               



            , Canterbury. They were all marked alike; there was only that one missing.
Prisoner's defence. I had been to work on board a ship, and this other black man gave it me to carry.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 36.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
