





388. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BURFORD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th day of August
 last, a cloth coat, value 50 s. and a silver watch, value 30 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Sommerville
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  CHARLES
                   SOMMERVILLE
               



             sworn.
I employed the prisoner to work for me, I am a taylor
; the 6th of August, Monday, I lost a coat and watch; I am a lodger, I went out about ten, and returned a quarter after; I had left the prisoner in my room, on my return he was gone, and my door locked; I wandered about till four o'clock, then I broke open the door, and discovered the coat and watch to be gone; I found the watch at the pawnbroker's, the coat he sold.


                  JOHN
                   WOODWARD
               



             sworn.
I am a constable in St. John's-lane; on the 14th of August the prisoner was brought into the watch-house, I searched him, and he told me the duplicate was at his lodgings; I found it there.


                  JAMES
                   VINCENT
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I produce a silver watch, I took it in of the prisoner about eleven or twelve in the forenoon, on the 8th of August; he came and he had more money on it.


                  THOMAS
                   DENHAM
               



             sworn.
I only know of taking him into custody.
(The watch deposed to by the prosecutor.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I have but little to say in my defence, my Lord; I have been guilty of some follies, but I never before violated the laws of my country, there I humbly throw myself on the mercy of the court.




               GUILTY. 30 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
