





73. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     PEELTHORPE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of November
, a silver watch, value 21s.
             the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Simkins
               




            .


                  JOHN
                   SIMKINS
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman
. On the 10th day of November last I was very ill and a-bed, and between the hours of four and five in the evening there came Martha Peelthorpe to my door and knocked, and I refused letting her in several times, and all that I could get from her was, open the door, it is a friend! I refused four, five or six times for what I know. At last I knew her voice, and ill as I was, I got out of bed and opened the door. It is a spring lock.
Q. Did you know her before? - Yes, she used to work in the slop way
.
Q. How long have you known her? - About seven or eight months, I believe. I opened the door and she came in, and she asked me how I was? I told her I was very ill, and she sat down by the bed side and asked me if I would have any thing to drink? I told her if I had any thing to drink, it must be a drap of gin, and she took the bottle and went and fetched a quartern of gin.
Q. Was that your usual remedy when you are ill? - When it came I could not drink it. I desired her to mix it among some mint and balm tea that was in a bason, and she mixed it, and seemed to lament over me that I was ill. I have no wife nor child; I have a single room, and have lived this forty years under the roof. Afterwards she withdrawed from the bedside and went to the fireside; she sat on the bed, when she was on the bed then she drank with me, and she withdrawed to the fireside where the watch hung underneath the mantle-piece.

Q. When had you seen it last? - I wound it up at half past three in the afternoon. I did not miss it till I was called at eight o'clock.
Q.Had any body been in the room between the time but her? - No living creature. When she had got the watch, I fancy she was so frustrated that she did not know what to do with it. At eight o'clock a little girl came and knocked at my door, and called me by my name, and told me the time of the night, and when she had so done I arose and got some part of my things on, and then I applied for a light.
Q. Who brought you the light? - I got it myself with the tinder box, as I usually did, and I took the light to see what o'clock it was and missed the watch, and it so surprised me that you might have knocked me down with a feather, and I put the remainder of my things on.
Q. Did you know any thing of the number or maker's name? - No, I did not. I put on the rest of my clothes and went after the prisoner; I followed her to her lodgings, and she had absconded from thence by robbing the servant girl of a box of clothes. She had been gone a fortnight.
Q. What did you do next? - I went to my duty.
Prisoner. I have known this man some time, ask him if he did not strike a light and light me down stairs himself.
Prosecutor. That was at eight o'clock when I struck a light.
Court. She was with you before eight o'clock? - Yes, but she did not stay with me above twenty minutes, or half an hour.
Q.How long had she been gone when you struck a light? - Three hours at least.


                  JOHN
                   WEAVER
               



             sworn.
A few days after this watch was lost, the information came down to our office; I am a police officer at Whitechapel; me and other officers had been after this woman different times; on the 26th of December I found her in Whitechapel, in a public house, I brought her to the office and searched her minutely, but found nothing on her but the duplicate of an handkerchief and an old gown, which I went and saw, but they were of no value.
Q. to Prosecutor. When had you gone to bed and locked your door? - Just at four o'clock.
Q. When did this woman come to your door? - A little before five. It is a spring lock; nobody could come in, and there was no key hole to the door.
Prisoner. I have known this man some time, and I used to cohabit with him, and he used to come backward and forward to my lodgings, and he wanted me to come and live entirely with him. I met him one day in Whitechapel, and he desired I would call on him, and this day I had been at Whitechapel-road and I called on him, and he asked if it was me? and I said, it was Mrs. Peelthorpe. He said he was very glad I come as he wanted some gin; I went for some for him, and he desired I would come and lay down in the bed; I told him I could not stay; I fat with him and then went about my business; he said if I would come back again he would light a fire, and he got up and struck a light to light a fire, and lighted me down stairs, and told me to go over to the public house to get something and he would come over to me.
Court to Simkins. How old are you? - If I live till next April I am seventy years old.
Jury. How do you get into your room when you are out? - I have two locks on the door besides that spring lock; a padlock and a wooden lock, and I put thespring lock back when I go out.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 33.) 


               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before the Lord CHIEF BARON.
