





488. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FLINDELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of May
, one yard and a half of muslin, value 5 s. one silk gown, value 2 l. 2 s. one silk petticoat, value 18 s. three cotton gowns, value 4 l. 4 s. a petticoat, value 10 s. a gown, value 10 s. a bed quilt, value 10 s. 6 d. a ditto, value 5 s. a petticoat, value 4 s. a shawl, value 3 s. two yards of lace, value 5 s. two yards of callico, value 4 s. a bed-gown, value 3 s. a handkerchief, value 1 s. a pair of stockings, value 1 s. a pair of pockets, value 1 s. three linen towels, value 3 d. a piece of cloth, value 8 s. three other pieces of cloth, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Woodley
                        




                     
                  , widow
, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Francis
                         Gilding
                     



.


                  JOHN
                   LUCY
               



             sworn.
I am a constable of Clerkenwell. On 16th of May, in the morning, about five o'clock, in New Prison-walk, Clerkenwell, I saw the prisoner with the property on his head: I having heard there was a fire, I asked him where he got it? he said he had it from a person in Red-lion-yard, Aldersgate-street; and was going to No. 12, Pear-tree-court, Clerkenwell; I told him I had suspicion, and laid hold of him; after I had taken him, he said he was employed to carry it from St. John's-street, as a porter: I secured him, and went to Alderman Skinners, and gave information; and about six o'clock, the prosecutrix came and claimed the property: the things were in two drawers on his head, with the name of Gilding on them.
ELIZBETH WOODLEY sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Gilding, in Aldersgate-street, No. 113


. This property was kept in the garret, in my room; I saw it in the evening of the Saturday; it was in the drawers; the room door was open; the drawers were not locked; there was a fire: I saw the things at Lucy's house: the drawers are my master's property; there were some things gone out of the drawers; but what were left, was in the drawers: there were many people to help at the fire; I never saw them till the next day.
Court. Were not any of these things taken out of the house at the time of the fire? - Not by people of the house, that I know of; I cannot say.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I received these things of a man at the end of Sutton-street, in St. John's-street; and he desired me to carry them to No. 12, Pear-tree-court; but before I got there, I was stopped.
Court to Woodley. Where is your master's house? - Between Charter-house-lane and Long-lane.
(Th propertr deposed to.)




               GUILTY of stealing, but not in the dwel-house
             (aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
