






362. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BUTTERS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SCOTT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th day of July
, two pair of silver plated shoe-buckles, value 10 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Davis
                  




               
            .


                  RUTH
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am shop-woman to Mr. Davis, he is a buckle-maker
; the prisoners came into the shop about eleven o'clock in the morning, they looked at some buckles, but did not buy any, but one of them had a pair in his hand secreted, they were plated; I took them from him, and then they both went out; after they were gone I missed a pair of plated shoe buckles, and soon after the constable brought the same buckles back which I had missed. I did not see them take them. The prisoner Butters was the only person who wanted to buy, there was no person in the shop with me; I did not follow them. They both came together into the shop.


                  ISAAC
                   BUCHARA
               



             sworn.
On the 29th of July I saw the two prisoners look into and go into several shops; I suspected them, I followed them as far as the 'Change, there I seized them, coming out of a silversmith's shop; I seized them, and on searching them I found these buckles. (Produces a pair of buckles.) I found them on Butters, concealed in his breeches, and also a silver mounted pair of spectacles.


                  Ruth
                   Smith
               



             deposes to the buckles.
PRISONER BUTTERS' DEFENCE.
I had been ordered to go to Wapping, I came to the 'Change, and there I saw a Jew, of whom I purchased these buckles.

PRISONER SCOTT's DEFENCE.
I know nothing about it.


                  JAMES
                   BUTTERS
               



            , 
               
                  JOSEPH
                   SCOTT
               



            ,



               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
