





324. 
               
                  
                     TIMOTHY 
                     REARDON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April
, a dollar, value 4s. 9d.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Lane
               




            .


                  WILLIAM
                   LANE
               



             sworn. - I carry on, as proprietor, the Minerva Printing-office
, in Leadenhall-street


: We had lost money from various locks and keys, kept by the various clerks; on Good-Friday, I counted seven dollars in the till, locked up, and on the next morning, the clerk, under whose change it was, could only find six; the cash then in the till was marked on the Saturday evening, by Mrs. Lane, and on the Monday morning I heard that it was missed.
Mrs. LANE sworn. - I am the wife of the prosecutor; on Saturday evening, the 15th of April, I marked three dollars, and gave them back to the clerk, Francis Lisle, and I saw him put them in the till; I saw them there about twelve on Sunday night, and on the Monday morning was informed one of them was missing; I desired the man to shew me what money he had in his pocket, he had but one dollar, and that I knew was not one of them; about nine o'clock, when the prisoner came in, I desired to see his money, and amongst it was one dollar that I had marked; after he was taken away, we found a key that we supposed he had dropped, that opened all the three drawers.
Q.How much was there in the drawer the night before? - A.Three dollars, two half guineas, and two shillings and a sixpence; when I went to the drawer in the morning, there was a half-crown put in instead of the dollar that was gone.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. How much money did you find in the till the next morning? - A. I cannot say exactly; I found no difference, excepting that a dollar was changed for a half-crown.

Q. Then in point of fact, all that you lost was two shillings and three-pence? - A. Yes.
Q.This man sleeps in the house? - A. Yes.
Q.Lisle lives in the house too? - A. No.
Q. He is a superior in the business? - A. Yes.
Q. Mr. Lisle first gave you the information? - A. Yes.
Q. Before you had seen the till, Mr. Lisle and other persons had been examining the till? - A. Yes.
Q. You told us there was a key found in the room where the prisoner had been searched? - A. Yes.
Q. The footman had been searched also? - A.Yes; about five minutes before the prisoner came in.
Q. It was buzzed about the house, that there had been money lost? - A. Yes.
Q. He must consequently have learned that upon coming into the house? - A. No; he was taken as soon as ever he came in.
Q. I believe the prisoner shewed you, very readily, every thing he had got? - A. He did.
Q. It is usual, I believe, for the persons about your house, to pay different demands, sometimes for one, and sometimes for another? - A. Yes.
Q. Was the key found in this room? - A. Yes.
Q. How many other persons were in the room? - A. Two gentlemen and myself.
Q. When was this key found? - A. The next morning, when it was swept.
Q. And there were three persons in the room at this time, and nobody observed him throw away the key? - A. No.
Q. There were suspicions entertained of other persons? - A. Yes; the footman was first examined.
Q. How many persons might there have been about the shop besides this man? - A.Six.
Q. I take it for granted, you are not the first up in the house? - A. No; the prisoner is always up first.
Q. Those persons had all been about the shop, about their avocations? - A. Yes.
Q. The shop is opened about seven or eight o'clock in the morning? - A. Yes.


                  FRANCIS
                   LISLE
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Lane; I have frequently missed sums of money; I suspected the prisoner, and on Saturday night the 15th, Mrs. Lane marked all the money I had in the till, except the copper, which she did not mark; I deposited all the money that was marked in the till myself, and locked the till; some time after nine o'clock, and I think it was not ten, to the best of my recollection, I then, with the other young man who boards with me, went home directly, and did not return till the Monday morning, a little after seven o'clock; I then unlocked my till and pulled out a paper, in which I had an exact account of the money that was in the till, and found a dollar missing, and a half-crown substituted in its stead; I waited a short time, and Mrs. Lane came down stairs, and I communicated it to her, the prisoner was then out; immediately upon his return, I believe, Mr. Lane searched him, and I was dispatched for a constable in the mean time.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You had the care of the till? - A. Yes; of the library-till.
Q. You have been often called to an account for deficiencies? - A. No; I always felt myself responsible for every farthing in my accounts.
Q. Do you mean to say you always made up the deficiencies? - A. I did.
Q. If your accounts appeared fair and honest, there was no deficiency to make up; if they were not clear, you were compelled to make up the deficiency? - A. I compelled myself.
Q. The footman was examined, and suspicions fell upon him? - A. No; I do not know that.
Q. Do you not? - A. No.
Q. Upon your oath? - A. Upon my oath I do not.
Q. Are you not as certain, as you are of the existence of a God, that he was examined? - A. I do not know that he was, because I did not see it.
Q. Have you any doubt that he was examined? - A. I was informed that the servant had been asked to shew what money he had.
Q. What did you mean by saying just now, you did not know, do you believe nothing but what you see? - A.Exactly so, I assure you.
Q. Then you do not believe that man took the money, because you did not see him? - A. Yes, I do.
Q. Were the half guineas and shillings marked as well as the dollar? - A. Yes; in my presence.
Q. There were no half guineas nor shillings? - A. No.
Q. Has not your master threatened you, if you did not regularly account for the property in the till? - A. I should suppose my master never suspected me of a dishonest action.
Q. You were the keeper of the till? - A. Yes.
Q. How long has that young man lived at Mr. Lane's? - A. It may be three months.
Q. Is he a married man? - A. I believe he is a single man.
Q. Then you would have us understand that the person, who took the dollar, left half-a-crown in the room of it? - A. That is the case.
Q. Do you mean to tell me you never had any threats from your master? - A. Never.
Q. Did you never say to your master there is a deficiency in the money, and he said, you must make it up? - A. That was the case the 1st of April, there were 5s. I could not account for, and theobservation I made upon it was, that some light might be thrown upon it in future.
Q. Your master did not make you pay that 5s.? A. I gave myself credit for it.
Q. Have you not expected to be dismissed from your service, if you did not regularly account for the property under your care? - A. That has always been my natural feelings.
Q.This was the library-till? - A. Yes.
Q. Was there any deficiency in the other till that night? - A. No; I am the superintendent of the library.
Q.(To Mr. Lane). These two tills are perfectly distinct from each other? - A.Perfectly distinct, under separate locks and keys; the prisoner was the porter, he had nothing to do with either of the tills in any shape whatever.
Q. When the prisoner came in at nine o'clock, what did you do? - A. I had heard of the dollar being so missing from the till; I took him by the collar immediately as he came in, and I said, I am very sorry to find that I must now examine you; he was then taken into an inner accompting-house, and I immediately searched him, and on turning out his breeches pocket, I found three dollars, I laid them upon the table, one of which I have in my hand; Mrs. Lane then said, that is the dollar I marked on Saturday night, and picked it out from the other two; knowing that no access could be had to these tills without forcing the lock, and that Mr. Lisle, the librarian, having lost the key appertaining to his till, it occurred to me that the prisoner might have that key in his possession, and on searching him, he slipped a key down his leg between his stocking and his flesh, which I found, but that was not the key of this till; on the next morning, the key was found which had been delivered by me to the librarian, to lock up his till, which at the time it was delivered to the librarian would only open one lock; but since that time, the key, which I have now in my hand, will, by some alteration, open the three different tills.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You gave the key to the librarian? - A. Yes.
Q. The librarian, I believe, still continued in your house after the prisoner was apprehended? - A. Of course.
Q. It was in the parlour he was searched? - A. Yes; it is a sort of back accompaing house.
Q. Mr. Lisle and those other persons about the house might have had access to it? - A. That is my inner accompting-house belonging to myself, and no servants dare come there, unless they are sent for in.
Q. You do not keep the door locked? - A.We do not keep an officer at the door to prevent it, they may come in irregularly.
Q. You observed him putting a key between his leg and his stocking? - A. Yes.
Q. Then of course you were looking pretty sharp, and three persons were in that room, and nobody saw this key drop? - A. It was found exactly where he had stood the next morning.
Court. Q. What is Mr. Lisle's character? - A. Since he has been in my service, I have no reason to doubt his fidelity, nor that of the footman.


                  WILLIAM
                   TOOLEY
               



             sworn. - Q. Do you know any thing of the prisoner taking this dollar? - A. No.
Mr. Alley. Q. You were searched, were not you? - A. No; my mistress asked me what silver I had in my pocket, for fear of the prisoner making away with it; she asked me if I had a dollar, and I said I had, and shewed it her.
Q. Oh, it was all fixed then to lay it upon the prisoner? - A. No; he was suspected.
Q.Was it you found the key? - A. Yes; in the breakfast-parlour, near where the prisoner stood, the next morning, and I gave it to the librarian.(Mr. Lane produced the key).
Q.(To Mrs. Lane). Were you in the possession of that key on the Monday morning? - A. No.
-RYDER sworn. - Were you in possession of that key on the Monday morning, when the prisoner was searched? - A. I was not.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
