





122. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DUFF
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d day of January
, one Cheshire cheese, value one guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Quin
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES
                   QUIN
               



             sworn.
I am a cheesemonger
: I had been out on the 23d of January, Monday, between the hours of seven and eight in the evening; and I came home, and saw the prisoner and two others walking by the door; I had some empty tubs I took in, and left out some small ones of no value; I thought the intention was to take these tubs; I shut the door, and went into my parlour, to speak to a neighbour; I saw the prisoner come into the shop; he took hold of the cheese nearest to the shop, and he turned himself round, and gave it to another man, whostood without the door; he went out, and pulled the door to after him; I went after him, and had hold of one handle of the door, and he had the other; I opened the door, and pursued him; he run into Clipstone-street, which is about forty yards, where he made a full stop, and walked back rather towards me; I was in the middle of the street; I crossed, and took hold of him by the collar; he asked what I wanted; I told him he had stole a cheese, and must go back with me; at that time he was rather resolute; but another person coming up, I took him to Litchfield-street.


                  JAMES
                   TIFFANY
               



             sworn.
After I had done on the 23d of January, between seven and eight o'clock, I saw the prisoner at the bar go into Mr. Quin's shop, and take a cheese; I was on the other side of the way; the street is forty feet wide; I saw him give it to another man; I was in the dark, and the prisoner was in the light, so I am sure; the other man stood within a yard, he was dressed in a dark blue coat, or a black; the other man took the cheese; they both ran towards the corner; I ran over the way to Mr. Quin, and I met him at the door; I ran across the way, and shewed him which was the man; he knew which was the man; he ran over and took him, and carried him to Litchfield-street.
Prisoner. This boy swore that he saw me go across the street with the cheese.
Tiffany. I did not; I swore I saw him give the cheese to a man in a black or dark-blue coat.


                  EDWARD
                   HALL
               



             sworn.
On the 23d of January, between the hours of seven and eight, I saw the prisoner and another man standing at Mr. Quin's door, and another man about two yards from the door; this prisoner had his hand against the door; being a neighbour of Mr. Quin's, I made a stop; he seeing that, shoved the door on one side, and I saw Mr. Quin standing between the parlour and the shop, and I thought the prisoner was going to speak to him; I was going but two doors further; I went in there; in about two minutes time I heard that Mr. Quin had lost a Cheshire cheese; I was on the same side of the way, close to the prisoner; and when he saw me look at him, he put his head aside; I laid hold of him along with Mr. Quin, and took him to the office; I am sure he is the man.
Prisoner. Had I this coat on at the time? - He had on a blue coat with white buttons.
Court. Were there any lights in Mr. Quin's shop? - Yes, a patent lamp.
(The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.)



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
