





390. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  KELLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of August
, a cloth coat, value 2 s. four cotton waistcoats, value 2 s. a pair of leather shoes, value 1 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Perrot
                        



                     
                  , and a linen table cloth, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John Askell 
                     Bushnell
                  



               
            , Esq.




                  JOHN
                   PARROT
               



             sworn.
I am butler
 to Mr. Bushnell; on Monday, the 13th of August, the things were missed from the butler's pantry; I had been absent about an hour, or an hour and an half; I found the prisoner in custody when I came back; there was no part of the house broke.


                  BARNABAS
                   BRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I am a gentleman's coachman; I was in John Street, and the prisoner passed; somebody gave an alarm, and I did also; he threw down a coat, four waistcoats, a pair of shoes, and a linen table cloth; I have kept them every since.
(Produces them.)


                  MARTHA
                   ROUND
               



             sworn.
I am a chairman; I pursued the prisoner and took him.


                  JAMES
                   CUTLER
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Bushnell; I saw the prisoner come with a bundle of the things, and I gave an alarm; I did not see him; I came up soon after; he is the lad I saw at first.
(
               
                  John
                   Parrot
               



             deposed to the coat.)
Prisoner. I worked at Brentford, as a plumber and glazier; I had been drinking, and coming by the prosecutor's door I heard an alarm, and I ran as others did, but know nothing of the affair.
The prisoner called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


