






374. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WILLETT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HINTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of July
, one cotton gown, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Frederick 
                     Pollman
                  




               
            .


                  ABIGAIL
                   DAVIDSON
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner Willett coming from the back parlour, with the property under his arm; I am sure the prisoner is the man; he ran away, I went after him, I followed him till he was taken; he gave it to the other prisoner; it was the road between Kensington and Knightsbridge; there were many more people about; I never saw him before, I pursued Willett, and saw him taken; I saw them brought all down the road; I followed them close all the way, I was never distant more than twenty yards, I did not hear the officer say any thing to Hinton; Hinton received the gown from Willett, and dropt it when I pursued him.
Prisoner Willett. If she speaks fair between God and man, she cannot say I am the man.


                  DAVID
                   BONTHORPE
               



             sworn.
I was coming from Knightsbridge, I saw Willett running, I stopped him, and asked him what was the matter; he said nothing to him, it was the man behind him, I let him pass, and stopped the other.


                  JAMES
                   CONNOR
               



             sworn.
I was ordered upon guard; I heard the cry of stop thief! and saw them stopped.


                  DANIEL
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I produce a gown, I cannot pretend to swear from whom I received it.


                  EDWARD
                   BURKE
               



             sworn.
I am a labourer; I saw the prisoner Hinton drop the gown from under his coat, I carried it to the house, and delivered it to the prosecutrix.
(The gown deposed to.)
C. WILLETT, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)
W. HINTON, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 28.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.





[Transportation. See summary.]


