





53. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     NORRIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of December
, 29 lb. weight of lead, value 2 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           James Meredith 
                           Parrott
                        




                     
                  , and affixed to his dwelling-house
            .



                  JAMES
                   MEREDITH PARROT
               



             sworn.
On the 29th of December last I was informed I had lost some lead; and I saw, between twelve and three, a quantity of lead was taken off a room which forms a part of my dwelling-house, in Bridge-street, Westminster


; I cannot tell when I saw it there; but I think, if it had been removed the preceding morning, I must have seen it gone; there is a common thoroughfare behind my house, called Bridge-court; and as the whole of this room was flat-roofed, and covered with lead, I gave the patrol notice, and informed two of the Bow-street officers, and communicated to them my loss; they said they had taken up a man the night before with a quantity of lead, and had the man in custody; they went to the top of the room, to view the premises, I went with them; and the next morning they brought some lead, and I went with them to the top of the room, and saw the lead fitted to the place from whence my lead had been taken; that was the lead they brought with them; it was not all the lead, but it fitted exactly, as far as it went; and it was the same sort, colour, and appearance; the lead is in the possession of the officers.


                  FRANCIS
                   WAYLAND
               



             sworn.
I met the prisoner, the 28th of December, a little before nine; he had passed me just by Privy-Gardens, coming along; we took him into custody; he had some lead; the next day we saw the prosecutor, and fitted the lead; it appeared to be lately cut, and fitted directly; it is about 29 lb. weight; I do not know the value; I found this knife on him.
Parrott. I do not know the value.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I work in St. George's-row, and coming over Westminster-bridge, it was a hard frost, and I picked up this lead, and two men came past; says I, I have picked up a prize; they said it was lead; I said, if you will not take it, I will; so I put it over my shoulder, to take it to St. James's watch-house, to see if any body owned it.
(The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.)



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


