






292. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WINTER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SINGLETON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of June
, nineteen pound weight of lead, value 2 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Winter
                        




                     
                  , affixed to his dwelling-house
            .
- GRACE sworn.
I am a plumber: I made the lead, and put it to 
               
                  James
                   Winter
               



            's house; I cannot say the day of the month, above a twelvemonth; I never saw the lead in the possession of the prisoners.


                  WILLIAM
                   HORSEFALL
               



             sworn.
I am a builder: on the 20th of June, in the morning, at four o'clock, on Monday, the patrole called me up, and told me he had discovered some lead stolen from some of my building; I immediately got up, and went and found some lead concealed at the end of Howland-street, under some scaffolding; the watchman brought it out, and I looked at it, and I said to the best of my knowledge it was some that had been affixed to some of my buildings; I sent a labourer to watch the lead, to see who would come for it; after that, it was taken to the place by Grace and myself, and fitted; it was taken from the North end of the house; it fitted very plain; it was torn from the wall-hooks, and part of the wall-hooks left in; I saw the lead on Sunday afternoon, near the evening, as I make a rule of going to see every evening if every thing is safe, as I several times have lost things.
- MURPHY sworn.
I am a labourer; my master sent me to watch the place, to see if any one came after the lead; about seven in the morning these two came; one of them went into the scaffolding, where the lead was hid, 
               
                  Joseph
                   Singleton
               



            , and put it into his apron, and he brought it out to the other, and then the other ran away up Tottenham-court-road; I pursued them both, and took them; they were never out of my sight; I took them to Mary-le-bone watch-house; there was nothing found upon them; they were not searched; the lead was left in the watch-house, and from there I carried it down to Mr. Reid's office, Poland-street; and Mr. Horsefall has kept it ever since.
(The lead produced, and deposed to by Mr. Grace, being maker and putter-up, and comparing it with the other that was left remaining, exactly supplying the place that was missing, and the holes answering to the holes in the wall.)
PRISONER SINGLETON's DEFENCE.
At six o'clock I went out to get work; going along, I met this man, and he asked me if I could help him to work; and going down the rope-walk, I wanted to ease myself, and went into this place and found this lead, and took it and tied it up, and was going to take it somewhere to be owned.
PRISONER WINTER's DEFENCE.
I asked this man for a job; and going along this lad went into this place, and found this lead, and brought it out to me, and we were going to get it owned.

Court to Horsefall. How far is this concealment from the house where it was taken? - About 250 feet; Mr. Winter's house is on the east side of Upper Newman-street.
Jury to Murphy. Did either of these lads go down to ease themselves? - No, they were walking about the place two or three minutes before they went down.
THO. WINTER, aged 17, JOS. SINGLETON, aged 14,



               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
