





83. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LISTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of December
, a watch with the inside case of metal, and the outside case covered with tortoiseshell, value 40s. a seal, value 1d. and two watch keys, value 2d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Ross
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  MARGARET
                   ROSS
               



             sworn.
Q. Is 
               
                  John
                   Ross
               



             your husband? - If he is alive, I left him helpless at home.
Q.Was any thing lost at your house? - On the 25th of December, Christmas Day, I missed the watch.

Q.What is your husband? - He belongs to the Custom House
, and he has been now nine months under a disorder, and entirely took to his bed this five weeks.
Q.When had you seen that watch before it was missing? - I see the watch on Christmas Day, about four o'clock.
Q. When did you miss it? - About four minutes after.
Q. How came you to miss it? - The prisoner came into my house on Sunday, and he was there then, and he says, give me a dinner as it was Christmas Day; and I told him I was in distress enough, I could not think of any such thing.
Q.Was he a perfect stranger to you? - I never saw him before Sunday. He said it was a common rule to give a dinner on Christmas Day; I told him I had it not for myself.
Q. What time of the day was this? - Four o'clock. He then said he would go and treat me with something to drink; I told him I would not taste any thing, if he brought it I would neither drink it nor touch it; I beseeched him to go out of my house and I would forgive him the four days he owed me.
Q.Then he had been with you before? - Yes, as a lodger from the Sunday before Christmas Day.
Q. You missed the watch then? - No, not directly. My husband is in a club, and the steward of the club came in at the providential hour that this man came, and the steward stood leaning with his stick at the foot of the bed, and an old gentlewoman, an old acquaintance of mine, stood at the side of the bed, and I saw the steward to the door, and I said to this old acquaintance of mine, pray come and sit down and warm yourself, and sitting down I found the loss of the noise of the watch, I jumped up, and it was only four minutes after four by the clock.
Q.Where did the watch usually hang? - By the fire place, by the side of the chimney.
Q. If I understand you right, the steward of the club on this Christmas Day came to your husband's room? - Yes.
Q.He was then ill in bed? - Yes.
Q.Was the prisoner in the room at that time? - Yes.
Q. If I take you right, you was discoursing with the steward of the club? - Both the steward and myself were discoursing with my husband.
Q.When did you miss the watch after this conversation? - I see Mr. Lister and the steward both go out together to the door; Mr. Lister told me if I did not chuse to give him a dinner, he would fetch me a pint of brandy, or any thing else I chose. I told him I would not drink with him.
Q. When did you miss the watch? - Presently on shutting the door after the steward and this man likewife, I fat down, a gentlewoman, an intimate acquaintance of mine was by the bed side with my husband, and I said, Mrs. Poplar, sit down by me, and I missed the found of the watch.
Q. Can you tell what fort of a watch this is? - It is a metal watch, tortoiseshell outside; only the day before I bought a key to regulate the watch, like a bellows, with my own hands.
Q. Did you hang that key to the watch? - Yes, with my own hands.
Q. When did you see it again? - I see it again in about an hour afterwards, at Mr. Chambers's, in Glass-house-fields, the Nag's-head. I employed four men to go different ways, and myself went to all the pawnbrokers to stop it.
Q. Is Mr. Chambers a pawnbroker? - No, he is a publican. After I missed the watch, I went to a public house I commonly use, I went and told them that the boatswain, (not knowing hisname till I saw him before the justice) had taken my husband's watch, and they all said they would do me the biggest service they could, and through their going out every way to make this description, there was a young fellow that was his bed fellow some time past, and he came into the public house where I use, and he said, I will tell you where the watch and man is, and these men that I employed ran and found the man and the property.
Q.Did you go yourself to the house? - I did, and they enquired of me what the watch was like; the man was in possession then. I would not wish to prosecute him if I possibly could help it.
Q. You went to Mr. Chambers's? - Yes, but I did not see the prisoner.
Q. Did you see the watch? - Yes.
Q. Is the watch here? - I dare say Mr. Chambers has got it.
- CHAMBERS sworn.
This prisoner came to my house on Christmas Eve about five o'clock in the afternoon.
Q.You keep a public house, do you? - Yes, he called for a couple of pennyworth of bread and cheese, and a pint of purl, which I served him; after sitting a bit I asked him for the money, and he could not find any. He said he had been receiving some pension money and bought a watch that cost him four guineas, and he asked me if I would buy it? I told him I would have nothing to do with it; he asked me two guineas and a half for it, a little while after he said I should have it for a guinea, I would not have it then. There was a young man in the house, and he asked him if he would go and pawn it for him, he would give him a shilling. I told him he should not go out of the house till I was paid the reckoning; says he, if you will give me half a guinea on the watch, I will call in the morning, I told him I would not have any thing to do with it, I told him I thought he had stole it; he told me he had not, he was a very honest man, he had bought it. There was a young fellow that came in that knew where he lodged, and I said to him, I wish you would take a step to see whether he has not stole that watch from his lodgings or not, and the young man came back and said he had stole this watch; there were three of the neighbours came down after the young fellow, and the young fellow called me on one side and told me he had stole the watch from his lodgings. As soon as ever these people came I went and accused him of it; and this young fellow says, you have stole your watch from your lodgings, and he owned directly that he had, and he pulled it out of his pocket and gave it to me; then when I got the watch, I asked the people if they knew the marks.
Q. Did Mrs. Ross come down with them? - She came down afterwards; I asked her what sort of a watch it was? and she described it very exactly.
Q. Have you got it here? - Yes.
Q. Was there a key to it? - Yes, just as it is now, two keys and a seal.
Q. to Mrs. Ross. Did you use to wear it, or your husband? - I used to wear it some years ago, but my husband has wore it of late. I know it perfectly and there are the keys, one I bought the day before of a person that is since dead.
Prisoner. I have no occasion to say much, I took the watch in my drunkenness, and I put it in my pocket the same as if it belonged to me; I kept the chain out and went into the public house. It is the first thing I have done since I was born, I always got my living withoutthievery or drunkenness. I said to the landlord, here take care of this watch, and give it the mistress.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing to the value of 39s.(Aged 34.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before the Lord CHIEF BARON.
