






401. 
               
                  
                     ANTHONY 
                     CHURCH
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RIVERS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of September
, a pair of silver knee buckles, value 2s. a silk waistcoat, value 2s. 6d. a velveret waistcoat, value 1s. a blue cloth jacket, value 1s. another cloth jacket, value 5s. a pair of satin breeches, value 5s. a pair of corderoy breeches, value 5s. a linen shirt, value 5s. a silk handkerchief, value 2s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Antonio 
                           Gonsels
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Henry
                         Cordoza
                     



.
(AN INTERPRETER sworn.)


                  ANTONIO
                   GONSELS
               



             sworn.
Q. Where do you live? - In the house of 
               
                  Henry
                   Cordoza
               



            .
Q. In what street? - I don't know the name.
Q. How long have you lived there? - Two months very near. I am a sailor
.
Q. Did Church live in the same house? - He did.
Q. At the time of the robbery? - Yes. I was on board at the time I was robbed.
Q. Did 
               
                  John
                   Rivers
               



             lodge in the house? - Yes.
Q. What day did you lose your property? - I do not recollect; the last month, but I don't recollect the name of the month.
Q. Did you lose a pair of silver shoe buckles, a pair of silver knee buckles, a silk waistcoat, a velveret waistcoat, a blue cloth jacket, a pair of satin breeches, a pair of corderoy breeches, a linen shirt, a silk handkerchief? - Yes.
Q. Were these things kept in your box? - Yes, in the house of Mr. Cordoza, in the garret.
Q. When you went on board the ship was the box locked? - Yes. When I returned I found the box broke open.
Q. What day was this? - Saturday morning, about eight o'clock.
Q. Did the two prisoners lodge in the same room? - I don't know, because I was not on Shore; they sleep one night in one and another night in another; there is no rule in the house.
Q. Have you ever seen any of the property that you lost? - Yes, at the pawnbroker's.
Q. Did you miss all these articles on the same day? - When I went to see my box, I missed every thing all at once. The Wednesday before I see my things safe; I put the pair of silver shoe buckles in the chest then.
Q. Have you seen any of your property any where but at the pawnbroker's? - I have seen a waistcoat in another room belonging to another house, a bad house; I know the house, but I don't know the name of the street; I can find the house.
Q. Did you see any of the property in the possession of either of the prisoners? - No
Q. Shall you know your property again? - Yes.


                  HENRY
                   CORDOZA
               



             sworn.
Q. You keep the house where these sailor

s lodge? - Yes.
Q. Did Gonsels lodge in the house with you at the same time? - Yes.
Q. Did Gonsels make any complaint to you of the loss of any property? - He came down in the morning from the garret, I think it was Saturday morning,5th of August; after he made his complaint to me, I went up stairs with him.
Q. When you went up, did you see his box? - I did; I found it broke open.
Q. You don't know what was missing of course? - I do not.
Q. Should you know any of the things again if you was to see them? - Yes, I went to buy them in myself.
Q. Were any of these things found at any time? - They were altogether, excepting the buckles, at Mr. Hyam's, in Nightingale-lane. Mr. Hanson found a waistcoat afterwards at a woman's house; the buckles were found at another house.


                  WILLIAM
                   HANSON
               



             sworn.
I am an officer, belonging to the police, Whitechapel; I produce a waistcoat. On Saturday, the 5th of September, ten or eleven o'clock in the morning, I found it in a house in Nightingale-lane, in Malaga-court; the prisoner that stands on this side went with me, and shewed me the house. I could not understand what he said, but there was a person in Cordoza's house that told him it would be better for him to give an account of the things.
Prisoner. I told him where every thing was.
Hanson. No, he did not tell where the other things were.
Q. Did you go to the pawnbroker's? - In searching the room that he took me to, where this girl was, I found these two duplicates, that lead me to the pawnbroker's.
Q. Was there any woman there? - No, nobody in the room.
Q. Did he lodge in that room? - The night before, as I understand. It was not the prisoner that pawned the things, it was a person in court, she is admitted an evidence.


                  JOHN
                   WADE
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker's servant, I produce a blue cloth jacket, two waistcoats, a silk one and a velvet one; a pair of satin breeches, and a pair of corderoy; I received them of 
               
                  Mary
                   Tuer
               



            , last Friday, about eight o'clock at night.
Q. Had you ever seen her before? - Yes.
Q. You knew her person? - Yes.
Q. Did she pawn all the things that you produce, at one time? - Yes.
Q. To Hanson. Shew him the duplicates.
Q. To Wade. Are these the duplicates? - Yes; one jacket, a waistcoat, and one pair of breeches, in one ticket; and one pair of breeches, a waistcoat, and a shirt in the other.
Q. Did you ever see either of these men at your house? - No.


                  JOSEPH
                   WILLINGTON
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker in Gravel-lane, Shadwell, I produce a pair of silver shoe buckles, I bought them of the prisoner Church, they were both in custody.
Q. What did you give for them? - Four and thirty shillings, he said he bought them at Portsmouth, and gave three guineas for them; Church talked English very well to me.


                  MARY
                   NICHOLAS
               



             sworn.
Q. Where do you live? - In Nightingale-lane.
Q. Do you know either of them men, Church and Rivers? - I never see them 
till Friday night last.
Q. Did they come together to your house? - It was not my house, the girl called me out of my own place to go of an errand for her, and this man, Rivers, was sitting there with his clothes on his knees.

Q. Where did you see him? - In the girl's room, Mary Tuer; she asked me it I would, go of an errand for her, and pawn these things, Rivers gave them me him self.
Q. Did you pawn all the things that Rivers gave you? - Yes.
Q. How many duplicates did you get? - Two.
Q. In whose name did you pawn them in? - In my own name.
Q. Who did you deliver the money to? - To his own self, he said that he was just come off a voyage, and he would loose them from the pawnbroker's tomorrow or the next day.
Q. To Wade. Is this the woman that pawned the things? - Yes.(The goods were deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner Church. I know nothing else, that this other man gave me all the things, I was not present when he broke the box open.
Prisoner Rivers. The first day I came on shore, this other prisoner shewed me the house to lodge in, and the other prisoner told me that he had no money, and that they might pledge goods of any kind, and take them out again; and we broke the chest open both together.
Both 


               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 39s.
            






               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
