





382. 
               
                  
                     FRANCES 
                     KELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of February
 last, three yards of thread lace, value 9 s. one yard and a half of linen cloth, value 18 d. a pair of gloves, value 8 d. one yard of ribbon, value 4 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Cutting
                  




               
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Garrow.)


                  ELIZABETH
                   CUTTING
               



             sworn.
The prisoner was my servant
 between a fortnight and three weeks. I missed several things before she had been there ten days: on the 24th of February, I missed two pieces of lace; it was on the table in the room where I generally set; she was going to take it away; and I desired her not; in the evening I went to a drawer where I had put it; there was two pieces, two yards and a half each; I missed three yards out of the five; I rang the bell; she came up; I asked if she had seen the lace; I told her there was some cut off; she said she knew nothing of it; I told her she did; I desired her to go down stairs; and when the other servant came, I told the prisoner I should insist on searching her box? she said I should not; she was going up; I said she should not go up stairs till her master came home: I sent the other servant for Mr. Cutting; while she was gone, I went to look at some work I had, to see if that was safe; and she went up stairs; and she was up stairs when Mr. Cutting came home; I went up stairs, and searched her box; and she behaved very insolent; I found nothing then; I went up again in about ten minutes, and searched the room, and could not find it there; I opened a window, and saw some cloth lying, and the lace rolled up in a piece of paper, the quantity I had lost; I compared them with the lace I had left; I am sure it is mine; she said she knew nothing of them; she saw them taken out of the gutter; two days after, her box was searched again, and a pair of gloves was found, and a piece of ribbon; I asked her how she came by them? she said I had given her them; I said I had not; she behaved very insolent.
Prisoner. There is another maid sleeps with me.
Mrs. Cutting. There is not; she does not sleep on the same floor.


                  MARGARET
                   ALLEN
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Cutting. I heard my mistress say she would search the prisoner's box; and she objected to it; the prisoner was going up stairs, and my mistress would not let her: my mistress sent me for my master; and while I was gone, he came home; I went down stairs; the prisoner was there; and she said she was going up stairs to turn the bed down; she came down again, and said d - n them, they could not hurt her; they were not foundin her box; after the things were found, I went to call the watch; she went up stairs, and said to my master, well, as I have done it, I hope you will forgive me: I had seen the lace in my mistress's hands several times.
- DOWNES sworn.
I am a constable. I went to search the prisoner's box; the prisoner produced the key; I found the gloves and ribbon; I have the other things.
(Produced.)
Mrs. Cutting. The linen corresponds with the piece I cut it off from; the lace likewise corresponds; I have no doubt they are mine; the gloves are mine, and the ribbon is mine; it was cut in a particular manner.
Jury. Did you ever give her any thing? - I gave her a cap and a pair of stockings, nothing else.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
May it please your lordship, and you, gentlemen of the jury. I am under the necessity of troubling the Court with a written defence, not being capable of telling my story otherwise, to be so well understood. I lived as servant with the prosecutor at the time of the pretended felony being committed. I happened, accidentally, one day, to scald a favourite dog of the prosecutor's, and was most severely reprimanded by him and his wife for so doing: about three or four days afterwards, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, my mistress called me out of the kitchen, and asked me if I knew of a piece of edging which was on a card? which I denied, not knowing any thing of it; but she insisted that I had taken it, and at that time of night sent for a watchman, and gave charge of me, and I was taken to the watch-house. There not being any alderman sitting next day, I was taken to Wood-street Compter, where I remained two nights before I had a hearing. I was at length taken before an alderman; and the prosecutor attended, and made a charge against me, of having stolen two bits of edging; this charge he had ready framed in writing, prepared for the purpose, which was sworn by his wife; and the alderman, thereupon, thought himself bound to commit me: this was during the last session. The prosecutor desired I might be committed to take my trial this session, but the alderman refused, saying there was plenty of time at the then sessions: the prosecutor, however, did not think proper to prefer a bill of indictment that sessions; but on the last day of it, when I was brought up to be discharged by proclamation, he attended with an affidavit; and I was thereupon remanded; so that I have now been upwards of two months in confinement. I must solemnly declare my innocence of the charge, and beg leave to suggest that the present prosecution originated in my having (unfortunately for me) scalded the dog before mentioned; and if the prosecutor is asked, I trust it will appear that he has repeatedly declared, in the presence of Mr. Wade of Fleet-street, and Mr. Hodgson, and Mr. Evans, both attornies, in Clifford's-inn, that if I had not scalded his dog's back, he never should have thought of prosecuting me; and that it was more to punish me on that account, than for the supposed theft. These gentlemen I have procured a friend to subpoena, to prove this fact. When before the alderman, the prosecutor stated that he expected to find more of his property in my box; in consequence of which, he had an order granted him to search it, where he found nothing but an exceeding old pair of leather gloves, which were given me by my mistress to scour in. I never was charged with a crime of the sort before, and have always preserved a good character.
Mr. Garrow to Downes. Did you go by order of the magistrate? - Yes.
Court to Mr. Cutting. Did you go into that room? - Not before the lace was found: when Mrs. Cutting and the prisoner were there, I was there.
You did not put the lace in the box? - No.



                  JOSEPH
                   MORING
               



             sworn.
I have known the prisoner ten years. Some time in February I was informed she was in custody: I went to Mr. Cutting to enquire what she was accused of; when I went there, they told me a long detail about scalding a dog; I said I presumed that was not the charge? they said, no, it was a theft: that she had stole some lace; I said I thought they had not behaved well, to take her to the watch-house at that unseasonable hour, but take her away to a justice, and investigate it.
N. B. The witness told a long story in order to confirm the defence. The Court stopped him.
Mr. Garrow. The prisoner was a witness to several instruments of yours; and if she was convicted, she would be no witness? - Yes. The master said if he had not detected her in the barbarity of scalding a dog, he would not have prosecuted her.
The witness also gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
