





114. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BLACKETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of November
, a horse collar, value 1 s. a horse bridle, value 1 s. a sessing girt, value 1 s. and a pair of horses ends, value 1 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Herne
                  




               
            .



                  ABRAHAM
                   HERNE
               



             sworn.
I am a bricklayer
; I lost these articles out of my stable, the prisoner was a servant of mine at the time I lost the property, he was a carter
; I did not know they were lost till I received information of his landlord where he lodged; I was with the constable when the property was taken; I did not see them till the day he was taken up, when the goods were found; I saw the prisoner in the hands of the constable, Saturday evening the 17th of November; I did not see any thing on him; I saw them afterward at his lodging; I heard him say it was his lodging; I found the things mentioned in the indictment there, in a box; he did not sleep at my house; when these things were taken he fell down on his knees and begged I would overlook it, it was his own voluntary confession before the hearing. (The things produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner. He told me if I would confess he would not hurt me.
Court to Prosecutor. Did you take a character with him? - I did not; I had only had him six weeks.
Jury. How did he behave, did you find him a diligent man? - I did.
The prisoner called one witness who gave him a good character.
Prisoner. I told him I could not live long with him only till the spring of the year, as I intended to do a little business for myself; after I had been with him about six weeks the landlord takes a note to Mr. Herne; it is about three weeks or a month before I had these things; I bought them in Smithfield, they are old things; I bought them for 4 s. 6 d. I could spare a little at a time better than a great quantity.
Court to Herne. Are you sure they are your things? - I brought them from Marlborough-street office; there is no mark on them; I believe them to be mine.
Prisoner. This Mr. Herne keeps seven or eight labouring men; I goes out from six o'clock to six o'clock, and they are in from morning to night, most of them Irishmen; I gave 18 d. for the head, 1 s. for the collar, and 2 s. for each of the other things. Mr. Herne knows I told him so.
Herne. His name is not 
               
                  William
                   Blackett
               



            , but his name is 
               
                  James
                   Blackwell
               



            .



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 32.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
