





487. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ROBERTSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Winbolt
                     




                  , about the hour of twelve in the night of the 28th of July
, with intent the goods therein being, burglariously to steal, and stealing fifteen dusting-cloths, value 6s. a table-cloth, value 2s. two coarse aprons, value 6d. two round towels, value 6d. two silver table-spoons, value 16s. eight pounds of veal, value 5s. a pound and a half of butter, value 1s. 6d. a quartern loaf, value 8d. and half a pound of bacon, value 5d. the property of the said John
            .
PHILADELPHIA WINBOLT sworn. - I am the wife of John Winbolt; I live at North End, in the parish of Fulham


; I was the last person up in the house; I went to bed about eleven o'clock, and saw the doors and windows all fast; about five o'clock in the morning I was called up by a neighbour, and told that my pantry was broke open; no other part but the pantry was broke, it was a lattice, there was an iron bar went down wards, and another went across, and the wire was broke away half way down, about nine inches, the lattice was secure over night; I missed the property mentioned in the indictment (repeating them); I never saw the prisoner till I saw him at Bow-street.


                  RICHARD
                   COLLINS
               



             sworn. - I am gardener to the Duchess of Gloucester, at Brompton; I got up at five o'clock on Sunday morning the 29th of July, and about half an hour after I saw the prisoner crawling up Mr. Hutchins's wheat field uponhis hands and knees all the way through the wheat, and as soon as he got out of the field, he took to his heels and ran away, upon that I thought he had hid something; I found a great number of apricots, about eleven dozen, and a bundle, containing the things mentioned in the indictment, and a large pair of pincers; I went after him, and another man with me, and we met him coming back again towards us with his coat under his arm; I said to him, you are the man that belongs to that property in the wheat; me, says he, and tried to jump away from the man that was with me; he said, he could not hold him, and then I caught hold of him by the collar; now, says I, if you will tell us where you had these things, and will carry them back again, we will have no further trouble with you, and he said he had them from Hammersmith; says I, my friend, that won't do, you must go with me to Justice Bond; upon that I took him down a long walk at the end of our garden, and told him to put his coat on, and as he was putting his coat on, I took two silver spoons out of his coat pocket; I saw one of the officers take one of Mr. Winbolt's cloths out of the prisoner's hat.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the man that you saw come out of the wheat field? - A. Yes.


                  ROBERT
                   WILSON
               



             sworn. - I am under gardener to the Duchess of Gloucester; I called up the last witness one Sunday morning, and we went across the road to the gate leading into this wheat field, and saw the prisoner upon his hands and knees crawling in the wheat under the hedge; then when he came to the top of the wheat field, he came out, and had got about twenty yards from the place where we first saw him; we thought he was hiding something; we went to look, and found a bundle; then we thought we would go and look whether he would come back to it, and then we met him coming back towards the field; we asked him whether he belonged to it or not, and he said he did not, and whether he had not been stealing that property, and he said he had not; then he tried to get away from us, and Mr. Collins laid hold of him by the collar, took him down the garden, and as he was putting his coat on, he found the spoons in his pocket.
Q. How far was this from Mr. Winbolt's house? - A. About a mile and a half.
(The property was produced in Court, and deposed to by Mrs. Winbolts.)
Prisoner's defence. I was going to the Serpentine-river to bathe, and going through this field, I stopped to ease myself, and there I found this bundle lying, I picked up the spoons, and put them in my pocket; I remember seeing these two men upon the style; I went back to ask them if they knew any thing about it, and they took me into custody.
GUILTY (Aged 21.)




               Of stealing the goods, but not guilty of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
