





356. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     POLLARD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of Thomas Vaughan, no person being therein, about the hour of one in the afternoon, on the 5th day of June
, and stealing thereout a silver watch, value 40s. a steel watch-chain, value 12d. and a brass watch-key, value 2d.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Vaughan
               




            .


                  JOHN
                   VAUGHAN
               



             sworn. - I lodge with my father and mother in King's-place, Pancras


; he is by trade an umbrella-maker, but does not carry on business there: All I know of this is, that when I went out, on the 5th of June, I left my mother in the house, and when I returned I was informed my watch was gone, the watch is my property. I had left it in my mother's possession on the Sunday, the 2d of June; when I found it was missing, I went to the pawnbrokers.


                  MARY
                   VAUGHAN
               



             sworn. - Q. Are you the wife of the prosecutor? - A. Yes: On the 5th of June I left the house to go for some water; it is a new house, and the water is not laid on; it was about a quarter before one, on body was in the house; I secured the door, I shut it and took the key with me, it is a spring lock; I returned in a quarter of an hour, when I found the door open; I had met the lad from the public-house, and he said he had left me a pint of beer, upon the stairs, for my dinner. I did not find any marks of violence; I lost nothing but the watch from the cupboard, where I had seen it a quarter before one.


                  THOMAS
                   HILL
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, in Upper Rathbone place: I produce a watch, which I took in of the prisoner, it was after nine o'clock in the evening; he pledged it in the name of Darley, for a guinea; I am sure that is the man.


                  JOHN
                   COCKAYNE
               



             sworn. - I belong to Bow-street, and received information of the robbery: I went to the Westminster-arms, in Bowling-alley, Westminster, where I apprehended the prisoner; I brought him to Bow-street, and on searching him I found the duplicate of a watch, now produced, pawned in the name of Darley; he had nineteen shillings and two-pence in his pocket. (The watch shown to Vaughan).
Vaughan. That is my watch, I have had it about three years; I know it by the name and the number; I described it before the watch was produced at Bow-street; the number is in two places, it is No. 1330.
Prisoner's defence. At the time the watch was lostI was at dinner; I found it going through the alley, on the foot-path.
Jury. (To Mrs. Vaughan.) Q. Are you sure the door was shut - did you try it? - A. I did not try it after I shut it.
GUILTY (Aged 20.)
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
