





142. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RYAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of January
, a bridle, value 15 s. two silver desert spoons, value 15 s. a silver tea-spoon, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John Nunes 
                     Vizen
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  NUNES VIZEN
               



             sworn. I live at No. 39, Kepple-street, Bedford-square


; the prisoner was my footman
.
Q. When did he enter into your service. - A. About the sixth of December last.
Q. Who had the care of your plate. - A. He had the care of my plate; I discharged him on the 17th of last month, he went out of my house and returned in about an hour afterwards; then I stopped him and sent for a constable.
Q. Had you ever examined your plate yourself. A. Yes, and found some plate missing; when the constable came, I insisted upon that man to produce my articles, and I gave charge of him to the constable; the constable searched him, and found nothing on him; before the constable came I searched him myself, I found a bunch of keys.
Q. Any duplicates. - A. The, duplicates were found afterwards; he voluntarily gave up the duplicates to me when the constable went down stairs with him to his room, the constable has them now.



                  WILLIAM 
                  BUDDING
               



             sworn. I am a constable; I was going to search the prisoner, and he delivered up the duplicates of the property to me; I produce them.
Prosecutor. There are several things pawned on different days.
Court. There is only one charge in this indictment, therefore what property can you best swear to. - A. I can swear to them all equally well.
- sworn. I am a pawnbroker; I live in Bulstrode-street, Marylebone. On the 11th of December the prisoner at the bar pawned a desert spoon and a tea spoon with me.
Prosecutor. It is my property, they have my cyphers.
Prisoner's Defence. May it please your lordship, I was servant to the prosecutor; one day I went to Mr. Hookham's library in Bond-street, to pay a little debt for my master, they could not give me change, I left a one pound note, and I then returned; Mr. Hookham's people not having given him the note, the next day he sent me with the money to pay the demand, and to receive the note, and on my not giving him the note the prosecutor grew angry; I pledged the tea spoon and the desert spoon, and then brought back a one pound note.
Q.(to prosecutor) Is that true. - A. Part of that is true; I bought a silver ticket at Hookham's in Bond-street, I left a one pound note on Monday, I desired him to call there and get the change, which was twelve shillings; I enquired of him why he had not the change, he said they had no change; I thought it very extraordinary, I very often bought tickets at Hookham's, and the man never came without the change; as he was a short time in my employment, I went to Hookham's, and they told me they had not given him the change, but the next morning he called there and got the change, and gave it me in the afternoon; so he had no occasion to pawn the spoons, because he had got the change before he took away the spoons.
GUILTY, aged 45.
Of 


               stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
