





51. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     COOK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 1st of December
, five half guineas, two seven shilling pieces, three shillings, two sixpences, a three penny piece, and six halfpence, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Franklin
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  FRANKLIN
               



            . I keep a ham and beef shop
, No. 7, Duke-street, Smithfield. On Tuesday night,about eleven o'clock, I was coming down Holborn


; I met the prisoner.
Q. Were you perfectly sober. - A. Yes. I mean to say that I had something to drink, but I was no ways disguised in liquor; I was walking with a friend, close by his side. The prisoner said something to me, but what I cannot say. She then turned instantly round to me, catched me round the waist, and as soon as she let go of me I suspected that she had robbed me; I put my hand in my pocket, I found my money was gone; I instantly said you have robbed me. I took the rest of my money out of my pocket, to see if it was gone; I found the money was gone.
Q. How much. - A. Five half guineas, two seven shilling pieces, three shillings, two sixpences, one was a bad sixpence, a three-penny piece, and three pennyworth of halfpence, and a bill.
Q. Were they all in a purse. - A. No, they were not; the gold was in one pocket, and the halfpence in the other.
Q. How came she to take from both pockets. - A. She did. I immediately laid hold of her and charged her with robbing of me; I catched hold of her hands, because I thought she would make away with it. The constable, when I called watch, he catched hold of the other hand; we took her to the watchhouse; I asked her whether she had robbed me, the said she had not; they took the pocket from her side and found the half guineas, the seven shilling pieces, the three pennyworth of halfpence, and the bill in the pocket; she said it was hers.
Q. You had not picked her up at all - A. I will be upon my oath I had not; I do not recollect changing a word with her till I charged her with the robbery.
Q. You thought you felt her hand in your pocket, and so strong was the impression, that you put your hand into your pocket immediately. - A. I did put my hand into my pocket immediately.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAY
               



            . I am a patrol of the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn. On this gentleman coming down Holborn, I heard a cry of Watch, I made way over to him as fast as I could; he said the girl had robbed him of upwards of seven pounds; he gave her in my charge. I took her by one hand and the gentleman by the other. When we came to Red-lion-street she was unwilling to go any further; she attempted to put her hand into her pocket, I heard the money rattle, I supposed she wanted to throw the money away. I took her hand out of her pocket, the constable of the night searched her at the watchhouse; the constable found the money in her pocket, she pulled off her pocket herself.
Q. Had he described the money before. - A. He described that it was upwards of seven pounds, all in half guineas and seven shilling pieces; he could not tell exactly what it was till he had looked over his pockets.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHARD
               



            . Q. You were constable of the night. - A. Yes; this money (producing it) I took out of the woman's pocket, five half guineas, two seven shilling pieces, and a bill for two pounds odd, two sixpences, a three-penny piece, and three pennyworth of half pence.
Prosecutor. This is my bill, it is a bill of parcels for two hams I bought on that day, I can swear to it; likewise one shilling; the three penny piece I had in my pocket near a twelvemonth; all the money I know very well. I can swear to a remarkable piece, with RB upon it, and likewise a bent half guinea.
Prisoner's Defence. On Tuesday night I met this gentleman and another gentleman, he asked me if I could take him home to my lodgings, I told him I could not; after possession was accomplished I asked him to make me a compliment, he said he had no money, but he would see me the evening following, and then he would make me a compliment; I was greatly surprised at his not offering me a compliment; as I went from him I saw a piece of paper laying on the ground, I picked it up at the top of the street, he came up to me and said he had lost his money; I told him I had no money of his, he said he had no money; he said I had, and if I did not give it up he would take me to the watchhouse; I told him I was willing to go, for what money I had I would shew to the constable of the night. I pulled off my pocket, and gave it to the constable of the night.
Jury. We would wish to ask him whether his friend was with him the whole of the time. - A. Yes.




               GUILTY
            , aged 18.
Of stealing, but not privately.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
