





271. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     HOLLINGWORTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of February
, a Bank-note, value 1l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Adams
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ADAMS
               



             sworn. - I am a broker
; the prisoner is my servant
, she had been with me four months: On the 1st of February, I received seven notes, six Bank-notes, and one country note; I put them into my pocket-book that night; there was no other with them when I went to-bed; I left my coat, as I always do in a morning, in my bed-room, with the pocket-book in the pocket; the next morning, Wednesday, when I took the notes out of my pocket-book, there were but five Bank-notes, and one country note; I did not take any notice to the prisoner that I had lost any note that morning. On Wednesday evening, I looked at my notes, there were five, four Bank-notes, one country note, and a five-pound Bank-note; when I went to put my coat on, on Thursday morning, I looked at my pocket-book the first thing I did when I went up after having my hairdressed, which was about ten o'clock, I then missed another note; I came down, the prisoner was at breakfast in the kitchen; I said to Mrs. Adams, who was in the kitchen, you have not touched my pocket-book this morning; she said, no; I said, there is another note gone this morning, that makes two; the prisoner immediately said, if you have any suspicion of me, I have no objection to stand search; I told her I had very great reason to suspect her, and that confirmed my suspicion; I went for an officer; when he came, she said, she had no objection to his searching her, and if he thought fit, he might search her box; I desired the officer to search her box; he went up and searched it, and came down again; he said he had found no notes, but he had found five guineas in gold; he produced the guineas rolled up in an old pair of gloves; I asked her how she came by that money.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Had not you made some promise that you would be lenient to her? - A. None, at all; she said she had received them from her sister on Sunday night, to send into the country to her father to pay for nursing her sister's child; the sister living in the neighbourhood, I sent the officer for her, and asked her if she had given any money to her sister, and to what amount, on Sunday night.
Q. Was that in the presence of the prisoner? - A. No; I said I was not satisfied with the account of the five guineas, I would have her before a Magistrate; she then went down on her knees, and said, if I would forgive her, she would fetch me the notes; I asked her where they where; she said she would fetch them; she ran up stairs, and I followed her into my daughter's bed-room, and from between the two mattresses, the straw and wool mattress under the bed, she took out a handkerchief.
Q. Did she know you were in the room? - A. Yes, and the constable with me; she took out the handkerchief, which contained several other articles, among the rest, a small purse, which contained two notes; the constable has the notes in his possession, with some other articles.
Q. As a gentleman, you would not have taken a girl without a character? - A.Certainly not.
Q. How many notes did you miss? - A. Two, one on the Tuesday, and one on Wednesday.
Q. It is impossible for you to remember the numbers of the notes? - A.Certainly.
Q. When had you seen that note before? - A. The same morning.
Q. There were five guineas in her box? - A. Yes; when she said the constable might search her box, I asked if she had any money or notes in the box; she said, none at all.
Q. The five guineas were given her by her sister to send in the country? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  BRIDGE
               



             sworn. - I am a surgeon; Mr. Adams wrote to me, telling me of his loss, and asking me if I knew the number of the notes; I saw them the Saturday after it happened, before the Magistrate at Guildhall, and knew the numbers of them when I saw them.
Q. Where does the prosecutor live? - A. In Fore-street; the number of one of them was 18886, a Bank of England note, of the name of 
               
                  James 
                  Wright
               



            .
Q. When did you deliver this note to the prosecutor? - A. The 1st of February, in the afternoon.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. From the number of notes that go through your hands, it is impossible to remember the number of any particular note? - A. No; the number of this note was entered on a slate, and afterwards in a memorandum book.
Q. When did you make the entry? - A. The 1st of February.
Court. Q. Did you make the entry before you delivered it to the prosecutor? - A.Before I left home; I live at Orset, in Essex, twenty-four miles from London; I copied it into my memorandum book that afternoon, prior to my hearing of the note being lost.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KING
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: Mr. Adams came for me, I went to his house; I searched the prisoner to see if I could find any notes, I found none; searching her box, I found five guineas in a pair of gloves; I have the notes, I received them from the prisoner tied up in this handkerchief; there are two one-pound notes in a leather pocket-book, half-a-guinea, and two shillings and five-pence halfpenny. (The notes produced.)
Bridge. This is the note, No. 18886.
Adams. That is one of the notes the girl brought down.
Q.Is there any thing about that note you can speak to? - A. No.
Mr. Alley. Q. Can you undertake to say which note was taken on one day, and which on the other? - A.Certainly not.
Prisoner. I leave my defence to my Counsel.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
