





670. 
               
                  
                     DOMINICK 
                     CONNOLLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of September
, 7 lb. weight of sponge, value 3 l. 10 s. eleven pieces of whetstone, value 2 l. 2 s. five glass shades, value 1 s. 3 d. six toys, value 1 s. two pieces of gingham, value 6 d. a piece of silk, value 6 d. and nine brushes, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Oppenheim
                  




               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Alley.


                  MICHAEL 
                  OPPENHEIM
               



            . I am a merchant
 in Mansell-street, Goodman's-fields


, the prisoner was a servant
 of mine. In consequence of suspicion, on Saturday night, the 9th of September, I went to the Marquis of Granby in the Minories, I found in a closet there a quantity of sponge, whetstones, glass shades to reflect light, a piece of gingham, some painting brushes, and some pieces of silk, I knew them to be mine, they are articles in which I dealt, and the prisoner had access to the place where I deposited them, the prisoner was apprehended and brought in, he denied knowing any thing of the closet where these things were found, he was searched in my presence, a key was found on him which opened the lock of that cupboard.


                  EDWARD 
                  DAVIES
               



            . I am a constable, I searched the prisoner at the Marquis of Granby, I asked him for the key of the closet, he seemed to make some hesitation, I told him it was of no use, I must have it, he put his hand in his pocket and gave me the key, I then put the key into the lock of one of the closets of the Marquis of Granby, the landlord pointed it out to be the prisoner's locker, I had broke open the door before, I found that key fitted the lock, I found in that cupboard all the things mentioned in the indictment.
Q. When the property was produced to the prisoner what did he say - A. He said he knew nothing about it, he had no closet there at all.

WM. HENRY CROUCH
            . Q. Do you keep the Marquis of Granby in the Minories - A. Yes.
Q. By what means did the prisoner obtain the closet of you - A. By using the house and having his meals there, he had the key of it, it was intirely under his controul, nobody but himself had access to it. I had no opportunity of knowing what he brought there, I saw the constable break open the cupboard, and examine the contents of it, he took out sponge and several articles.
Court. Was the prisoner every day at your house - A. Yes, at his meals.
MR. GLAND. You are the gentleman that we saw last night, how many closets have you in this house - A. Two that they had by themselves, the key belonged to them.
Q. Were not you taken up for this - A. I was taken before the Lord Mayor, I was in custody for it.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I am intirely ignorant and innocent of it.
The prisoner called five witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 58.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
