





231. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SELLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of February
, thirty four pound weight of mutton, value 19 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Ballard
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  BALLARD
               



            . I am porter
 to the butchers at Westminster. On the 4th of February. I had in my care seven pieces of mutton in Warwick-lane


, three pair of hind quarters, three chines, and one leg and and chine together; that made up the seven pieces; I put them in the cart; the cart stood in Warwick-lane, I went up in the market to fetch three sheep, they being big ones, I could bring no more than one at a time. I brought down one and put it in the cart; while I was gone for that one I lost one pair of hind quarters from the cart; I made a hue and cry, if any body had seen them taken out of the cart; a man of the name of Tatum told me Parker saw the prisoner take it out of the cart, I went in pursuit of the prisoner, I could not find him.
JONATHAN PARKER. I am servant to Mr. Griffin, a butcher in Little James-street, Bedford row. On the morning of the 4th, a little before nine o'clock, I was in Warwick-lane minding my cart where my master's property was; while I was standing there I saw the prisoner and another man pass by; I saw them go to the other part of Warwick-lane, and the prisoner took a hind quarter of mutton out of the cart; the person who was with him was standing against the post; when he took it of the opposite side of the way, I saw it as plain as I see you where you are, sir.
Q. What distance off where you. - A. I suppose about fifty yards off. He took it out of the cart, put it on his shoulder, and walked away with it.
Q. What became of the other man. - A. He went with him; what became of them I know not I told Mr. Tatum of it.
Q. Did you know the prisoner. - A. I had seen him once, I believe; Ballard came out of the market, he enquired for the property; Tatum told him I saw it taken out of the cart; and by the description I gave him of the person he knew him by name.
Q. How soon after did you see him. - A. Not till the Monday following, I saw him at the office.
Q. When you saw him before the magistrate were you sure he was the man. - A. I was upon my oath then about it; I am perfectly satisfied that he was the man that took the mutton.
Prisoner. If that man saw me take away the property that time, why did not he give information and have me taken up.
Court. So he did.
Ballard. I have seen the prisoner before; I have heard him called by name, and by the description I knew him; I have seen him in our market before about the carts.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TROTT
               



            . On Thursday the 4th of February an information was received at the office that there was a bull bait at Highgate Common; and that some people were going to fighting; we had instructions to go up and try to stop them. On my return back I saw the prisoner, and from having an information of the robbery in the morning I took him in custody; he had been to the bull bating.
Q. You did not find the mutton. - A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the charge that is alledged against me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            

London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
