





833. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     JONAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of September
, 18lb. of lead, value 6s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Felton
                        




                     
                  , fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
Second Count. Charging him with a like offence, only charging it to be fixed to a certain building, called a house.(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  JOSEPH 
                  GOODERICK
               



             sworn. - I had the charge of Mr. Felton's house, in Wentworth street, Whitechapel


; it was a house nearly finished; I slept in the house, and a person of the name of Stratton slept there also: About one o'clock in the morning of the 1st of September, I was disturbed with a noise; I got out of bed; the noise continued; we both got up; I took a cutlass in my hand, and went out; I saw the prisoner on the ladder, in the act of cutting off the lead; I desired him to come down; he said he would not till he had helped himself; I shewed him the cutlass, and asked if he saw that; he said he did not care for that; he came down upon a rising ground, about two yards from me; I desired him to go about his business; he then threw a quantity of lead, about 4lb, at me, which made me stagger; he ran down the descent upon me; I just recovered myself, and he was closing upon me; as soon as I got clear of him, I cut him in the side with my cutlass; he then tumbled down, and directly made a blow; I cut him on the left side of the cheek; I gave him another blow, and he tumbled down again; he got up again, and pulled out a knife, and opened it; he expressed some threatening words, and closed in upon me again; I rather got away from him; he closed in upon me again, and stabbed me under my arms; the blood was running down my shirt; I had nothing on but my shirt; he saw the blood running, and said, "d - n your eyes you are a dead man, I have done your business for you;" I followed him down the sence, and I think he said, I had done him too; he made his escape, and I did not see him for thirteen days; I was then in the hospital.
Q. Have you any doubt that the prisoner is the same man? - A. I am sure he is the same; I had cut him in two or three places on the right side.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TROTT
               



             sworn. - I apprehended the prisoner on the 13th of September; I knew him before I took him on Tower Wharf; he had a sticking-plaister upon his cheek; the surgeon took it off; Gooderick said he was the man, and that he had a cut in the side; the surgeon and I took him into a private room, and stripped him; he found a cut in his side, apparently with a sharp instrument.
Prisoner's defence. I got the wound in my side while I was rolling a hogshead of sugar on the Quays; a nail took me in the side, and tore me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
