






83. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MILLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20 of December
, two shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Poole
               




            .


                  CHARLES 
                  POOLE
               



             sworn. - The prisoner was my domestic servant
, and having frequently missed money out of my waistcoat pocket between the hours of going to bed and getting up in the morning, I marked eleven pieces of silver, nine shillings, a half-crown, and a sixpence on Monday night, the first of December; on Tuesday morning I counted the money, and found but nine pieces, there were two shillings missing.
Q. Where was the waistcoat? - A. With the coat in a room adjoining the room where I slept, the door being open: I then called up the prisoner, together with John Spencer, my groom, and Mr. John Sandys, one of the surveyors; and as I could not suspect any body but the prisoner, I ordered them to search his pocket, and two shillings that I had marked were found in his waistcoat pocket; he denied they were mine; Mr. Sandys has the money.


                  JOHN 
                  SANDYS
               



             sworn. - I am one of the surveyors at the Hawkers and Pedlars'-office; I was called up, and saw Spencer find two shillings upon the prisoner, which Mr. Poole claimed. (Produces them.)


                  JOHN 
                  SPENCER
               



             sworn. - I am groom to Mr. Poole; I searched the prisoner by my master's order; I found upon him several pieces of silver, and among them, two shillings in his left hand waistcoat pocket, which Mr. Poole claimed; I delivered them to Macmanus, the officer. he delivered them to Mr. Ford, and Mr. Ford delivered them to Mr. Sandys.
Mr. Poole. These are two of the shillings that I marked.
Prisoner's defence. I hope the Court will be merciful to me. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
