





62. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HAMBLETON, alias 
WILKES, alias 
FISHER





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 14th of May
, ninety bushels of coals, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John Truman 
                     Villebois
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Villebois
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Sampson 
                     Hanbury
                  



               
            ; and three other counts, only varying the manner of charging them.
(The indictment was read by Mr. Alley, and the case was stated by Mr. Knapp.)


                  ISAAC 
                  BRIANT
               



             sworn. Q. Are you a partner in the house of Briant and Co's.? - A. Yes. The firm is 
               
                  John 
                  Briant
               



            , 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Briant
               



            , myself, and 
               
                  James 
                  Back
               



            .
Q. On the 14th of May, in the present year, had you been employed in delivering any coals to Messrs. Truman and Hanbury, brewer


s? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. Yes, he was driving one of our teams on that day.
Q. You are a coal-merchant, where do you carry on your business? - A. Near the Hermitage, Wapping.
Q. Do you know of any coals being delivered to him to be delivered at Messss. Truman and Hanbury's? - A. Yes, he had the waggon loaded at the wharf with the coals.
Q. Had he been employed on that day to deliver any coals to any other person than Messrs. Truman and Hanbury? - A. None other.
Cross-examined by Mr. Bolland.
Q. How long have you known the prisoner? - A. About twenty-one years; he has wored for me about four or five years off and on; he was then working while another man was bad at that time.
Q. We have heard that the prisoner absconded, I ask you this; the day after the prisoner is charged of having left his place; did not you know that some accident happened to him? - A. I was not at home at the time.
Q. He fought with a man and broke his ribs? - A. I did not see it.
Q. Did not he go to the hospital? - A. I heard so.
Q. Did not you apply to get him in the hospital? - A. I did not, he was applied for at the hospital, and they found he was gone.
Q. Did he work on your wharf on the fifteenth - A. No, I never saw him afterwards.


                  JOHN 
                  TODD
               



            . Examined by Mr. Knapp. - Q. What are you? - A. I keep a cart and horse to carry things from market, and such sort of things.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember seeing him on the 14th of May? - A. I saw him coming over the New Bridge, called Hermitage Dock, he was about an hundred yards from Mr. Briant's Wharf, near London; he had got a waggon loaded with coals belonging to Mr. Briant. I was bid to follow the load of coals, and I did. It went up the Minories, 
               
                  Jerry 
                  Crew
               



            , the pull-back met him in the Minories; the pull-backcame to me and shewed me the ticket. I followed the load of coals till I saw it shot in a cellar, belonging to the French Horn public-house, Crutched Friars. I then returned back to Mr. Turnbridge, who had ordered me to follow the waggon, and gave information of what I had seen.
Q. After the waggon had shot the coals, did you look to see what sort of coals they were?
- A. I did, they were very small.
Q. Are you acquainted with coals so as to know what particular persons are served with large coals and with small coals? - A. The small coals are served to great consumers, the large goes to the housekeepers.
Cross-examined by Mr. Bolland.
Q. Now, let me have a pull-back too. You know Mr. Briant, and you saw his name on the cart; why did you not go to Mr. Briant's? - A. I did not think it worth my while.
Q. You keep a horse and cart that you employ in bringing things from market and such sort of things. Did you ever employ this horse and cart in fetching fish from a gentleman's pond, or any thing of that sort? - A. No.
Court. Q. Are you are at all intimate with Crew? - A. Yes, he lodged with me at this time.
Q. Do you know where Hanbury's brewhouse is? - A. Yes.
Q. Was Crutched Friars in the way to Hanbury's brewhouse from Hermitage Bridge? - A. It was a good deal out of the way.


                  JERRY 
                  CREW
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You are what they call a pull-back? - A. Yes.
Q. On the 14th of May were you employed to carry any coals to Hanbury's? - A. Yes.
Q. Who employed you? - A. The waggoners of Mr. Briant's.
Q. How many waggon loads were there to be delivered that day? - A. Eight. After the sixth load, I thought they staid a long while, I went to look after them.
Court. Q. What name did you know the prisoner by? - A. 
               
                  Bill 
                  Wilkes
               



            , he has so many names, I cannot tell what name he went by.
Mr. Alley. Q. Did you meet him in the Minories? - A. Yes, and a waggon load of coals with him, he said he was going to Crutched Friars; I saw him turn down John-street, where he went with the coals I cannot say. On the next day I met the prisoner in Ratcliff Highway, with one chaldron of coals; after I unloaded the chaldron of coals, he gave me a seven shilling piece, and he asked me whether I had put the ticket in safe with the others, I said I had.
Q. What do you mean by putting the tickets where the other tickets were put? - A. The tickets of the coals are put in the lobby, where they clean boots in the yard. He gave me a ticket on the 14th, when I met him in the Minories, and desired me to put it in the brewhouse.
Q. Then the coals belonging to that ticket were not delivered? - A. No, all the rest were on that day delivered except that ticket.
Cross-Examined by Mr. Bolland.
Q. What business had you in the Minories? - A. They stopped so long, I thought they might have gone somewhere else.
Court. Q. Did the other six waggons come up the Minories? - A. No, up Well-street.
Q. How came you to be looking up the Minories for him, when Well-street was the way they ought to come? - A. He told me there ought to be five chaldron go to Crutched Friars.
Mr. Bolland. Q. As you was the pull-back, why was not you to go to Crutched Friars? - A. I asked him, he told me it was an easy job, he told me he could do it himself.
Mr. Alley. Q. (to Mr. Briant.) Had you any customer that you supplied with coals at the French Horn, Crutched Friars? - A. None.
Mr. Bolland. Q. (to Mr. Briant.) How long have you known Crew. - A. Thirty years.
Court. Q. (to Crew.) You expected that eight waggons were to go to Hanbury's, did not you? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you ever tell any body of this seventh waggon going to Crutched Friars? - A. I did. I told it to 
               
                  John 
                  Todd
               



             the same day I shewed him the ticket. I said it was a shame that such a job should be done by an odd man.
Q. How much did you receive as pull-back on that day? - A. I received nothing but seven shillings on the next day. I should have had three shillings and four-pence for the eight loads, I received seven shillings.


                  THOMAS 
                  BUTTS AVELING
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. A. You are the principal clerk at Messrs. Hanbury's? - A. I am.
Q. Will you have the goodness to describe the names of that firm? - 
               A. John Truman Villebois
            , 
               
                  Henry 
                  Villebois
               



            , and Sampson Hanbury.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are one of the officers of Worship-street. In consequence of information that you received in May last, did you endeavour to apprehend the prisoner? - A. I did. I could not find him. I went to the infirmary, he was stated to be so ill that it would not be prudent to take him. I took him at Chatham. My warrant is dated in May. I went to the London Infirmary, in Whitechapel.
Q. You found him at Chatham in the name of Fisher? - A. I did, and I read the warrant to him, he said he knew nothing of the charge. I brought him up to town.
Prisoner's Defence. I was only entrusted with two loads, I went with one load to the stoke-hole,and the next time I came, one of the horses threw two of his shoes, after I got in the gateway I took the horse off, and took him to Mr. Hanbury's farrier to put the shoes on; I went and searched for Jerry, but not finding him I began to unload the coals myself, at the coal-hole door. A man comes to me, and says, you must not shoot the coals here, we have left the stoke-hole to be filled. I unloaded the coals where the man ordered me; I fetched my horse, and the farrier gave me a receipt for two shillings for putting the horse's shoes on, which I gave to Mr. Back. I went with another load to the Haymarket, I met Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Briant
               



             coming along the Haymarket as I was coming from my last load; how could I be in the Minories at that time. It is all a spiteful piece of business through Mr. Briant taking the wharf. Mr. Tunbridge said if he could do Mr. Briant an injury he would, if it cost him twenty guineas, therefore he has done this business to try to hurt Mr. Briant. A fellow-servant threw me against the cart and broke my ribs, that is how I went to the infirmary; I worked for Mr. Briant again on the next day, till that happened. Why did not Mr. Tunbridge apprehend me on that day. The next morning I was so bad I went to the hospital, they could only bleed me and bind me up, after they had done that I went to the door, I fainted away, the gentleman took me back, I stopped there a day and a night, then I went to a sister of mine, who lived in Dog-row, and stopped there a night. I went down to Chatham to see a friend of mine. I went to work there, at the King's work, at a guinea a week, I thought it was better than laying on my club for ten shillings a week. The way I went by the name of Fisher was, my father was drowned when I was five years old, my mother married a man of the name of Fisher. I was at Chatham till this gentleman came and asked me, if I was the person that delivered the coals at the French Horn. Todd said at the justice's he did not know me, and the man at the French Horn said that I was not the person. Am I not remarkable, think you gentlemen, would not all of you know me again.
Q. (to Todd.) You saw the waggon go from the Minories to Crutched Friars. Did you see any body else with the waggon? - A. There was a man of the name of 
               
                  George 
                  Harvey
               



            , at the said house, he was the pull-back, and the prisoner was the driver of the waggon.
Q. You are sure that Crew was not there? - A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  CHILD
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Bolland. I keep the French Horn, Crutched Friars.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. I saw him once at Worship-street.
Q. It has been stated to us that the prisoner at the bar, on the 14th of May, delivered to you two chaldron of coals? - A. Not as I know of.
Q. Could he without your knowledge deliver the coals? - A. No, that I am certain of.
Q. Had you any coals delivered on the 14th of May? - A. Yes, I gave an order to Mr. Garford for five chaldron, I never received any more than two and a half. There was only one man that delivered the coals, he was at the tail of the cart and I was at the head.
Q. Can you say whether the prisoner at the bar was the man? - A. I cannot.
Q. You have never paid for the coals, nor has any man applied for payment? - A. No one.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp.
Q. Have you made any application since Fleet was in custody to Mr. Briant to pay the money for the coals? - A. I believe I went to Mr. Briant, on the Coal Exchange, on the Monday following, when I heard they came by them dishonestly, I told him I would pay for them.
Q. Who is the person you deal with? - A. I deal with several.
Q. Did you ever deal with Messrs Briant's? - A. No.
Q. Do you usually receive a ticket when you buy coals? - A. Generally.
Q. Did you have a ticket when you had Garford's coals? - A. No, the man told me he would bring me two tickets together when he brought the other coals.
Q. Did you know the prisoner at the bar before? - A. No, I never saw him before nor after till I saw him in Worship-street.
Q. Then you had never employed him? - A. No.
Mr. Bolland. Q. Did the prisoner ever apply to you for any money for the coals? - A. No, I have never seen the person since that I ordered them of.
Q. Was it the prisoner that delivered them to you - A. I cannot swear whether it was or no, it is impossible, when a man comes with a black face to swear to him now. Garford had been a neighbour, he was a person employed in the India warehouse, I have bought coals of him before, they might come this way, but I do not know, he told me he had coals by contract.
The prisoner called two witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             - aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
