





402. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WHITLOCK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 5th of May
, two coats, value 6 l. a gold epaulet, value 12 s. a pair of breeches, value 10 s. a hat, value 13 s. and a gold band, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           baron
 
                           Sunderland
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HALL
               



            . I live in Swallow-street. The prisoner was a servant
 of mine, I sent him to lord Sunderland, he drove my horses; he absconded from his service without his knowledge, and went away with his clothes.
Q. How long did he live with lord Sunderland. - A. Not quite two months; he lived with me about three weeks before that; I hired him and paid him his wages; his lordship boarded him in the house; he quitted his service last Tuesday was a week in the morning; he confessed he sold them to a jew in Oxford-street.


                  LORD 
                  SUNDERLAND
               



            . Q. Your lordship's title is Richard baron Sunderland. - A. Yes. The prisoner was coachman to me about two months.
Q. The hackneyman of the job paid him his wages, but you gave him board and lodging. - A. Yes.
Q. What clothes did you give him. - A. A livery, a box coat, a livery coat, a waistcoat, a hat, a hatband, and two gold epaulets.
Q. When did he leave you. - A. About ten days ago.
Q. You have ever seen these things since. - A. No. The clothes were perfectly new. I was shortly going over to Ireland, and then these clothes were to be given up.
Prisoner's Defence. I have nothing to say for myself.
GUILTY. aged 21.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings, but not in the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
