





557. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CONSTABLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of June
, three pair of unfinished gloves, value 4s. and three pair of unfinished mits, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Brooks
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BROOKS
               



             sworn. - I am a glover
, No. 69. Red Lion-street, Holborn


: On Monday, the 15th of June, between eight and nine in the evening, I went down into the kitchen, and left the care of the shop to my son, between ten and eleven years old; he was to ring the bell if we were wanted; in a few minutes after, the bell rung, I went up, and found the prisoner in the shop; when we came into the shop, I asked him what he wanted, and he said, a pair of gloves; he drew one on his left hand, and said, what is the price; my wife answered, half-a-crown; I said directly, as he looked like a poorish man, let him have them for two shillings and three-pence; he then said, I will give you twenty-pence for them; he went out of the shop, and said, if I cannot get them any cheaper, I will come back again; he then went away, and I saw no more of him that night; the next morning, between eight and nine, Mr. Bell, the high constable, came to me, in consequence of which, I immediately missed six pair of gloves and mits, unfinished, three pair of each; there were nine pair left; there were fifteen in the whole; I described the man to Mr. Bell, and I went over to the watch-house, where I found the prisoner and the property in possession of Romley, the watch-house-keeper, which I know to be my property.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. It was about dusk, was it not? - A. It wanted about a quarter of nine.
Q.Is your's a dark or a light shop? - A. A very light shop, it is all window in front; I am sure the prisoner is the person.


                  JOHN 
                  WYGATE
               



             sworn. - At half past ten o'clock at night, on Monday, the 15th of June, the prisoner was brought into the watch-house; I was constable of the night; these gloves were given to me by 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Wilson
               



            .


                  STEPHEN 
                  WILSON
               



             sworn. - I was in the watch-house; I found the bundle of gloves upon the floor, who put it there, I cannot tell; the prisoner was then in the watch-house; I found it about half an hour after he had been brought in.
Mr. Gurney. Q. That parcel has not been in your custody ever since that night; it was delivered by you to the constable of the night? - A. Yes.
Q.There were a great many people in the watch-house? - A. Yes.


                  NICHOLAS 
                  PRICE
               



             sworn. - I went with the prisoner to the watch-house upon another charge; I saw that bundle taken from his person by a person in the watch-house, who searched him, and put on the table; it was one of the Bow-street officers that searched him.(Mr. Brooks identified the gloves.)
Prisoner's defence. I do not know that man's house; I was never there in my life; I am but just come from Bengal.
Brooks. I am positive that is the man; I could swear to him from ten thousand.
Prisoner. I was drinking with a ship-mate, and a young man and woman asked me to lend them some money upon these gloves, and I lent them four shillings upon them. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
