






541. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     CAMPBELL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BAYLISS
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of July
, a coat, value 5s. two jackets, value. 5s. three waistcoats, value 3s. eight pair of trowsers, value 8s. three shirts, value 3s. a frock, value 1s. two pair of shoes, value 1s. a pair of breeches, value 2s.four pair of stockings, value 2s. a handkerchief, value 6d. nine bound books, value 1s. 6d. and a box, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Soaper
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  SOAPER
               



             sworn. - I am carpenter's boy on board the Windham, a merchant ship
, lying at Blackwall


: On Thursday morning last, I lost my things from my chest under my hammock, abreast the main hatchway -
Q. Are the cloaths your's - how do you pay for them out of your wages? - A. I am bound to Mr. Sturt, and he finds me in cloaths.
Q. They were given to you by your master? - A. Some of them; the others I brought away from my father and mother.
Q. Was the chest taken away as well as the things? - A. Yes; I had seen them safe in the chest when I went to bed; the boatswain's boy turned me out of my bed about four o'clock in the morning, and I found my chest upon the deck, with all my things in it.
Q. Did you ever see the prisoners on board your ship? - A. Yes; they were employed as lumpers

.


                  ROBERT 
                  STURT
               



             sworn. - The last witness is my apprentice; I found him in some cloaths at China, he had some other things which he had taken from home with him: On Thursday morning, the 15th of this month, about two o'clock, I saw the prisoners on board my vessel, they were brought on board by Crossley; the chest was brought on board at the same time; Campbell was brought on board first; they were charged with stealing the trunk, and were delivered to the officer.
- CROSSLEY sworn. - I am an officer of the customs: On Thursday morning last, between one and two o'clock, as we were on duty, guarding the ship, we heard an altercation between the keeper of the ship, John Brown, and Campbell, the prisoner at the bar; we told Campbell, if he did not sheer off, we would heave a shot into his boat, as we suspected there was something improper; Campbell said, he would shoot, and the ship-keeper then called to the galley, the prisoner then let his boat go, and she drifted; I came up, and jumped into the boat, where I found this chest in the boat, with the prisoner; we then rowed along side the ship, where there was a barge, and in that barge we found a great number of things that had been thrown out of the ship; we took him within board, and there kept him till we could get a peace-officer to take him in charge; it was then said, there was some other person on board the ship that was concerned with the prisoner; and we found Bayliss, and took him into custody; I kept the chest within board in the custody of Mr. Sturt, and other officers on board.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COLLETT
               



             sworn. - I was fetter of the galley on the Blackwall station; I assisted in securing Campbell, we took him on board the ship with the chest, I took care of it till I delivered it into the hands of the constable; when I first saw him, he was within about twenty yards from the ship, rowing away; I found the other prisoner between the bits stowed away between decks; he said, he did not know how he came on board, but somebody had brought him on board in the evening, to help bring a hammock on shore.
JOHN BROWN sworn. - I am ship-keeper: I had the care of the ship, and the stores, and every thing belonging to her; I came up about one o'clock, and observed the tackle over the gangway loose, and hanging over the water, which I was sut prised at, I made it fast as it was before; I then heard a noise forward, I went forward upon the forecastle, and saw Campbell in his boat along side; I asked him, what he wanted at that time in the morning, he gave me no answer; I told him, if he did not go away, I would heave a nine-pounder into his boat, I went to look for a shot, but I could not find one; I came up again, and told him, I would hail the galley, which did; I then saw Bayliss hanging in the fore chains, and he ran between decks; the galley brought Campbell on board, with the chest; I enquired, and found the ship had been robbed; I alarmed every person that was in the ship, and told the galley-men there was another man on board; they were then both secured, and delivered to the officer; they had both been at work on board the ship, the day before.


                  JOSEPH 
                  JARVIS
               



             sworn. - I keep the Coopers' arms, Poplar: On Wednesday morning, preceding the robbery, about ten o'clock, the two prisoners called at my house, and called for a quartern of gin, which my brother served them; when they had drank the gin, they would neither pay for it, not go out of the house, I forced them out of the house; I saw no more of them till I saw them next morning, tied together.(Thomas Gordon, an officer, produced the property, which was identified by Soaper).
Compbell's defence. I was very much in liquor, I came down to the water-side, to get some sugars on board; we were to be on board very early in the morning, to remove a quantity of sugar; I met with a man in a skiff, and this box in it; I asked him to take me on board, and when I had got-along side, be ran over the lighters, and got away.
Collett. There was nobody on board the skiff but himself.
Bayliss' defence. I was very much in liquor, and was locked out of my lodgings; I went on board again, and sell asleep till I was waked by one of the gentlemen.
Q. Did Bayliss appear to be in liquor? - A. Very little indeed.

Q. 
            (To Brown). Are the lumpers permitted to sleep on board the ship? - A. Not at Blackwall.


Q. 
            (To Collett). Could one man have got the chest out of the ship without the assistance of another? - A. No, he could not.
Campbell, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 41.
Bayliss, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
