






269. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LITTLE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of February
, a great coat, value 7s. three silk handkerchiefs, value 8s. a shirt, value 4s. a waistcoat, value 5s. two pair of woollen drawers, value 5s. two pair of trowsers, value 6s. a jacket, value 2s. a cap, value 2s. a piece of white line, value 1s. a frock, value 4s. and two yards of check, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Clarke
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  CLARKE
               



             sworn. - My father is a fishmonger; I belong to the Warley East Indiaman
, lying at Blackwall


: On the 10th of February, about half past six o'clock in the morning, I missed my chest of cloaths; the prisoners were sailors on board the same ship, and they were missing also.


                  EDWARD 
                  ROGERS
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to the Public office, Shadwell: In consequence of information, I went with Elbe, another officer, to the house of Little's father, and as soon as we entered the door, we saw the prisoners; we secured them, and searched the house; we found all the property within a trifle; we found some in the house, and some on the persons of each of the prisoners; the next day we went to the house of 
               
                  Moses 
                  Phillips
               



            , in Rosemary-lane, and there we found two coats, one belonging to Clarke, and we found some other things at the pawnbrokers. (The property found upon the prisoners, and in the house of Little's father, was produced and deposed to by Clarke).
(Moses Phillips produced a coat, which he bought of Little; 
               
                  Elisha 
                  Ray
               



            , a frock, and Charles Williams, a remnant of check, which were all deposed to by Clarke).
The prisoners put in a written defence, stating that they had the property from a person of the name of Powell, who was brought before the Magistrate and discharged.
Brown called two, and Little three, witnesses, who gave them a good character.
Little, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 14,
Brown, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 14.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
