





290. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STAUNTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of March
, a handkerchief, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Maberly
                     




                  , privily from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MABERLEY
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 96, St. Martin's-lane: On Saturday last, I was going through Fleet-street


, towards Temple-bar, about two o'clock, when a young man collared the prisoner at the bar, and charged him with picking my pocket, and immediately presenting a silk handkerchief to me, asked me if it was mine; I said yes, certainly; I knew itto be mine, I had my initials upon it, it was cut off the same piece with this, which I now have in my hand.
JAMES COOPER sworn. - I live at No. 29, Liquorpond-street; I saw Mr. Maberly going up Fleet-street, last Saturday, with a silk handkerchief half out of his pocket; the prisoner was close to his elbow at the time; I came close up with him; I saw the prisoner turning away from Mr. Maberley, I immediately collared him, he was between me and Mr. Maberley; he dropped the handkerchief upon the ground, which I immediately picked up, and called after Mr. Maberley; I picked up the handkerchief, and gave it either to Mr. Maberley, or the constable, I am not sure which it was, it was a blue handkerchief with white spots.
Maberley. I received it from Mr. Cooper, and gave it to the constable.(
               
                  William 
                  March
               



            , the Ward beadle, produced the handkerchief, which was deposed to by Mr. Maberley.
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing of it, I never had the handkerchief.
GUILTY. (Aged 19.)
Of 


               stealing, but not privately, from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
