






533. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BROWN
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     COOPER
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of May
, fourteen yards of muslin, value 1 l. 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Styles
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  STYLES
               



            . I live at 149, Bishopgate-street, in the parish of Bishopgate-without


, I am a linen draper
, I have no partner. On the 26th of May, between one and three o'clock, I saw the prisoners together in the shop, I was at the distance of between eight and ten yards; I did not hear what they asked for, they left the shop; a man came up to the door, and said we had been robbed. I pursued them; they crossed Bishopgate-street, and were a little way up Union-street before I got up to them; my shop is opposite of Union-street.
Q. Did they appear to be in company - A. They did; one was stopped when I went up, and the other was coming up to her; I pulled Cooper's cloak of one side in Union-street, and saw the muslin under her arm; she dropped it, I picked it up, and desired her to walk in with me, she did; and the other was brought after her by Baldero. I sent for an officer; we examined them, nothing else belonging to me was found.
Q. Upon examining that piece of muslin, did you know it to be yours - A. I did, it had my shop mark.
Q. You served them with nothing that day, did you - A. I did not.
Q. Did you ask them how they came by it - A. No.
Q. Did they pretend that they had bought it - A. No.
Q. Who had you serving in the shop that day - A. Mr. Baldero and two others; I could not be certain that my boy was in the shop, the other young man was I know.
Q. And Baldero is the only person of the three who is here - A. Yes.
Q. What was the prime cost of that muslin - A. Half a crown a yard; there is fourteen yards of it.
- BALDERO. Q. Are you a servant of Mr. Styles - A. Yes. On the 26th of May, I was serving in the shop, I saw the two prisoners come in as if they came in together; they immediately followed each other, they took no notice, nor did they speak to each other during the time they were in the shop. 
               
                  Ann 
                  Cooper
               



             asked for a common shawl; I was at that time engaged with serving a man customer; I turned my back upon the prisoner Cooper to reach down a piece of print for the man.
Q. At the time that Cooper asked for the shawl did the other prisoner Brown ask for any thing - A. Nothing.
Q. How far did she stand from the other prisoner - A. Close by her. When I returned again she asked me for half a shawl; on my telling her that we did not halve them, she left the shop immediately followed by 
               
                  Ann 
                  Brown
               



            .
Q. Was there any other person serving in the shop close by you - A. No.
Q. Then Brown could not be bargaining with any other person - A. She did not.
Q. Were there any pieces of muslin on the counter near where Cooper stood - A. There were several, and this amongst the rest; I saw it about a quarter of an hour before; in a few minutes after they left the shop from information I followed them, and when I first got sight of them they were near Union-street; they both took up Union-street; I detained Cooper, requested her to go back; she hesitated and appeared not willing to go back; Mr. Styles came up, took hold of Cooper's cloak I saw the muslin under her; I took hold of Brown, requested her to go back with me; she did, I followed her; they both came back to the shop. Sapwell was sent for, he examined them; Mr. Styles charged him with both of them, as they were together at the time of stealing it; they said they had no knowledge of each other. I am quite sure the muslin is my master's property.
- SAPWELL. I was sent for to take charge of these young women; Mr. Styles charged them with stealing this muslin; they told me they knew nothing about it; I searched Cooper and found nothing at all on her; on 
               Brown
             I found nineteen bad shillings.
The property produced and identified.
Brown's Defence. I am innocent of the affair I am accused of; I never ser eyes on the woman before. When the gentleman asked me to come back I went back immediately.
Cooper's Defence. This woman I never saw before; I was very much in liquor; I do not remember seeing the muslin till I saw it before the lord Mayor.
Sapwell. Both of the prisoners were as sober as they are now.
Brown called five witnesses, who gave her a good character.
BROWN, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
COOPER, GUILTY, aged 30.




               Of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
