





475. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     READ
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Atkinson
                        




                     
                  , on the 23d of June
, a gold ring, value 20 s. a pair of gold ear-rings, value 4 s. and a Banknote, value 2 l. the property of the said John
            .
(The case was stated by Mr. Pollock.)


                  JOHN 
                  ATKINSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Pollock. I live in Downing-street


: On the 23d of June I went into my back parlour, and perceived my secretary open; on examining it, I found an instrument had been used; I supposed it was opened by a small crow, the private door had been cut, and the lock forced open; on examining a little drawer, I missed a two-pound Bank-note, and in looking further in my other drawers the things were tossed about, and taken out; I missed immediately a gold mourning ring and a pair of gold ear-rings.
Q. When did you see the note again? - A. On Monday, after the prisoner was examined at Marlborough-street, I made an inquiry, and traced the note to Mr. Watts's, Berwick-street, New-road.
Court. Q. What day was this? - A. The robbery was on Sunday, and on Monday I traced the note and received it of Mr. Watts, in change of another; I produce the note; I always take the number and date of the notes, and when I part with any I scratch them off; the number is 12,480, on the 9th of April; I have them all in parcels; the notes came from the Bank, I am a Treasurer in the East-India House; that note was in the secretary, and the only one that was left; when I get change I have a quantity of notes of following numbers.
Q. Are you sure that you had not disposed of this note? - A. Yes; I went to my drawer, and took three notes away - two two's and a one; I know I had not disposed of this, by its being the last of the parcel of my own list; I have the list now in my pocket, I mark them off when I pay them away; the mourning ring is a ring of a near relation of mine, it was in a drawer adjoining where the door was broken open.


                  ANN 
                  NEEDHAM
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Pollock. I live in Fitzroy-place, my husband is a shoe-maker.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. Yes, I have known him a good while; he came to my house on Sunday morning, the 23d of June, about half past eight o'clock, and gave me a two-pound note to pay for his shoes; he told us that he brought it from Clerkenwell, it was his master's note.
Q. Did he say any thing what he was to do with it? - A. I believe he said he was to get the change for his master; I went to Mr. Watts and got it changed, and gave the prisoner the change.
Q. Did you give the same note to Mr. Watts that you received from the prisoner? - A. Yes.


                  ROBERT 
                  WATTS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Pollock. Q. What are you? - A. I am a dealer in coals, I live in Brook-street, Tottenham-court-road.
Q. Do you remember at any time changing a two-pound note for Mrs. Needham? - A. Yes, on Sunday, the 21st of June, between nine and eleven o'clock, I gave her the full change, and I put that note in the bureau.
Q. When did you part with it? - A. On Monday the 24th, I parted with it to Mr. Atkinson; I had no other two-pound note but that; I am sure it is the same note.


                  JOHN 
                  LODGE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Pollock. Q. You are servant to Mr. Atkinson? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you recollect going out with the other servant on Sunday the 23d of June? - A. Yes.
Q. What time did you leave home? - A. About a quarter after seven o'clock in the morning.
Q. In what state did you leave the front area-door when you went out? - A. I left it about half open and half shut.
Q. In what state was the street-door of the house when you went out? - A. It was pulled to with a spring-lock.
Q. How long were you absent from home? - A. About an hour and a quarter.
Q. Did you see the prisoner at all in your walks that morning? - A. I did, I met him in the first field from our house in Howland-street.
Q. How far is that field from your house? - A. About a quarter of a mile.
Q. Who was with you? - A. My fellow-servant and her niece.
Q. Did you speak to the prisoner? - A. I asked him if he had seen his father; he said he had seen him.


                  ANN 
                  WOOD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Pollock. I am servant to Mr. Hicks, No. 20, Howland-street.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. Yes, he lodges with Mr. Hicks in the garret.
Q. Did he sleep at home on Saturday night the 22d of June? - A. No.
Q. What time did he come home on the Sunday morning? - A. About nine o'clock, as far as I know.
Q. Was he out after that before he was taken into custody? - A. Yes.
Q. About what time of the day was he taken into custody? - A. About eleven o'clock on the same day.
Q. When were you employed to sweep the room in which he lodged? - A. About five o'clockin the afternoon, on Monday, I swept the room in which he slept; I found a ring and a pair of ear-rings between the skirting-board and the wall.
Q. Look at those rings and see whether they are the same? - A. They are the same that I gave to my master.
Prisoner's defence. I only say that Mr. Atkinson said he would forgive me, if I would confess what I had done.
Court. (To the prosecutor.) Q. Did you make any promise? - A. On his first apprehension I said if he would confess I would forgive him, so far as this, I would have sent him to sea.


                  HUMPHREY 
                  HICKS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Pollock. I am a publican.
Q. How long have you known this young man? - A. He lodged with me about a month, he was with me at the time he was taken; Mr. Atkinson called on the Sunday morning with a constable, and took him up in the room; Mr. Atkinson promised to forgive him before me, and desired me to speak to him to tell the truth.
Q. Did he say any thing? - A. Not on that day, he did on the next, and I acquainted Mr. Atkinson where he changed the note.
Court. Q. Is that so, Mr. Atkinson? - A. I had found out the two-pound note in the neighbourhood.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 16,




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
