





294. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     RYLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of March
, a silk handkerchief, value 1s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Naylor
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  NAYLOR
               



             sworn. - Q. What are you? - A. I am the York Herald: On the 30th of March, I was walking from the Strand


 towards Temple-bar


; at the middle part, near St. Clement's-church, I felt my handkerchief go from my pocket; I turned round, and saw the prisoner go round the alms-houses; I went on as far as Snow's the banker's, I then saw him go up a court on the opposite side of the way; I caught his eye, and he ran; I immediately followed him, and called out, stop thief, and, in the course of a minute, I came up with him in Hemlock-court, and collared him; I charged him with having taken my handkerchief; he said, he had not; a man came up, and said, I saw the rascal throw your handkerchief away; he immediately took me to a passage in the court where the handkerchief was.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gleed. Q. There were a great number of people about that day? - A. Yes.
Q.Who took your handkerchief, you do not know? - A. No; I suspected him from seeing him cross the way immediately.

- JACKSON sworn. - I am a brass-founder: I saw the prisoner running; I heard the cry of stop thief; I saw him throw a handkerchief into the passage; I tried to stop him, but he was too quick for me; he was stopped immediately, I was close to him when he threw it away; I picked up the handkerchief, and gave it to Mr. Naylor.
Mr. Naylor. This is the handkerchief; it is mine.
Prisoner's defence. I did not take the handkerchief, neither did that gentleman fetch the handkerchief out of the passage.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27. - 


               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
