






774. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  TURNER
               



             and 
               
                  ALEXANDER 
                  HOOD
               



             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th, of September, eight tallow candles, value 13d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ambrose 
                     Bradbury
                  



               
            , and the other for 


               receiving the same,knowing them to be stolen
            .(The Case was opened by Mr. Alley).


                  AMBROSE 
                  BRADBURY
               



             sworn . - I am a tallowchandler
 in Upper Marybone-Street, Portland-place



; I have lived there ten years; the prisoner, Turner, is an articled servant

 of mine; he was articled to me for two years; he has been with me six months; in consequence of some information, I took the prisoner, Turner, into custody.
Q. He was taken to Bow-street? - A. Yes.
Q. Was what he said there taken down in writing? - A. No, it was not; he said, he had taken candles to Hood, and received liquor for them; Mr. Hood did not attend to the summons; he was not there.
Q. Where does Hood live? - A. In Norton-street, about two hundred yards from me; he is a publican; on the day of the first examination, the 13th of October, the prisoner, Hood, came to my house, and I asked him into the parlour; there were two gentleman there, promiscuosly; I said to him, pray Mr. Hood, have you received any of those candles which my man has robbed me of; his answer was, I received two pounds, or two pounds and a half, or three pounds, to be sure.
Q. Did any thing else pass, with respect to the candles, in the present indictment? - A. No.
Q. Was Hood before the Magistrate, upon the second examination? - A. Yes.
Q. Did he give any account of the transaction? - A. No. Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp.Q. What is the value of two pounds, or three pounds of candles? - A. Three pounds we sell at two shillings and seven-pence halfpenny.
Q. You have charged thirteen-pence; do you mean to say that eight candles amount to that? - A. No.
Q. Hood was not taken up by a warrant, was he? - A. I do not know whether it was a warrant or a summons.
Q. Do not you know, in point of fact, it was a summons? - A. They told me it was a summons.
Q. He told you that he had received candles from the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Q. Is Footman here? - A. Yes.
Q. He was an apprentice of your's? - A. Yes.
Q. When did you find out that you missed some candles? - A. About six week before; I had a fuspic on before that.
Q. Was there any complaint lodged against you before the Board of Excite; and was the prisoner, Turner, a witness against you to support that information? - A. I do not rightlyunderstand you.
Q. There was a complaint lodged against you before the Board of Excite? - A. Yes.
Q.Was not Turner a witness against you upon that occasion? - A. I do not know that he was; I always understood, that in case that matter came forward, he would be a witness for me.
Q. Do not you know that he was a witness against you? - A. No.
Q. How long after you had missed the candles did the Commissoners of Excise make their complaint? - A. About ten days.
Q. Did you ever make any complaint against Turner or Hood, before the complaint had been exhibited before the Commissioners? - A. No.
Q. You do not know whether the eight candles, in the indictment, were all taken at one time? - A. No.
Q. Was it possible for you to miss eight candles? - A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  FOOTMAN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Alley. I have lived with the prosecutor six months; the prisoner; Turner, is my Fellow-servant.
Q. Did you see him at any time do any thing particular in the store-house? - A. Yes; I saw him take eight candles off the rods, about six weeks ago, one morning, between four and five o'clock; he put them in a sheet of paper, put them inside his coat, and then took a bottle, and went out; he was gone about ten minutes; when he came back, he said he had been to Mr. Hood's; he brought back some gin, and said he had given Mr. 
               Hood
             the candles for the gin.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. These eight candles were taken six weeks ago? - A. Yes.
Q. When did you tell your master of this? - A. I did not tell my master, because he was always telling me my master would not find it out.
Q. Then you partook of the gin? - A. I had a little the first time; and he has been giving me things to wear, not to tell my master.
Q. And you have been so wicked as to see your master robbed, and to parrake of the plunder? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               



             sworn. - I am a tallow-chandler's I served my apprenticeship to Mr.Bradbury.
Q. Do you know Mr. Hood? - A. Yes; I saw him at Mr. Bradbury's house; Mr. Bradbury said to him, pray, Mr. Hood, have you received any of those candles I have been robbed of; he seemed very much alarmed, and said, yes, Mr.Bradbury, I have; then Mr. Bradbury said, pray, how many have you received; I have received about two pounds, two pounds and a half, or three pounds we will say, to be sure, at different times; I asked him if he made no objection to received them, he said, no, he had received all that 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Turner
               



             brought him, and had given him liquor for them.
Cross-examined by Mr, Knowlys. Q. When Hood came in, did he not say, that all he received from his young man was two pounds and a half, or three pounds, five or six months ago? - A. He did not say how long ago it was.
Q. Did he not say it was four or five months ago? - A. No.
Q. Was there no mention of time? - A. None tah.
Q. Hood was admitted to bail? - A. I believe he was.
Q. And he has come here to take his trial? - A. Yes.
Turner's defence. I am not guilty.
The prisoner, Hood, left his defence to his Counsel, and called twelve witnesses, who gave him a good character.
The prisoner,Turner, called four witnesses,who gave him a good character.
Hood, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Turner, GUILTY.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 11d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
