





441. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of July
, nine guineas
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Saunders
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  SAUNDERS
               



             sworn. - Q. What are you? - A. I am a post-boy
 at the White-horse, Fetter-lane: I was on my return from Hampton on the 26th of July, a quarter before one o'clock in the morning; I was ringing the bell in Fetter-lane


, to take the horses and chaise in; the prisoner being on the other side of the way, she came over and catched me round the neck, and took the nine guineas out of my pocket.
Q. Nothing passed between you and her? - A. Nothing; before I missed the money, I saw her draw her hand out of my pocket.
Q. When had you last known that you had the money in your pocket? - A. In Holborn I examined, and I never got down from my horses till I came to the inn; the moment I felt the money gone, I taxed her with it; she denied it; I said if she did not produce it, I would call the watchman; the watchman heard me, and he said, what is the matter, Joe; after that the watchman came over, and asked me what she had robbed me off; I told him nine guineas; and she, after some hesitation, produced six guineas of it to me; I then wanted her to give me the rest of my money, and she would not; she was taken to the watch-house, and it was found upon her.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You had been to the Red-cow at Hammersmith - you had stopped there? - A. Yes.
Q. I am told that the Red-cow gives very strong milk - you were very drunk? - A. I was not.
Q. Whether she accosted you first, or you her? - A. She me.
Q. You are a very good-natured fellow, I am told; what did you give her - instead of giving her three shillings, you gave her three guineas? - A. I did not.
Q. You keep your silver and gold together? - A. No, I do not.



                  JOHN 
                  PARSONS
               



             sworn. - About a quarter before one he came home with the post-chaise; he alighted; I heard him ring the bell; I saw the prisoner cross over the way to him; she said, how do you do, my dear, and he said, how do you do, my dear; I was about six or eight minutes leaning over my watch-box; he said, I shall call the watch; I said, what is that; he said, watchman, I want you; I went over, and found with his left hand he had got hold of her right, that she should not put her hand in her pocket, I suppose; I said, what is the matter; he said, this woman has got my money; I said, you have not been long enough; I thought the had given her a lift; at last he said he had been robbed of nine guineas in gold; he said it was wrapped up in paper; he said to me, watchman, I want this woman to deliver up my money, and let me go about my business; she answered him, that she had not got his money, and pointed to a square box that she had pulled out; she said she had a one-pound note that a gentleman made her a present of, and she had spent two shillings of it; she opened the box; there was in it a half-guinea, a seven-shilling piece, and a six-pence; he said, that is not mine, you have got my nine guineas; at last the hostler came and opened the gates, and then six guineas were delivered by the prisoner to him, and the prosecutor gave it me to give to the constable of the night; then I took her to the watch-house, there she was searched, and it was found on her.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. The first thing that you heard of, was the solicitation of, How do you do and how do you do, my dear? - A. Yes.
Q. How long were they together? - A. About five minutes.
Q. Was the prosecutor drunk or sober? - A. He was sober; I mostly jump out and ring the bell.


                  ROBERT 
                  ROBERTS
               



             sworn. - I was constable of the night; she was brought in and searched; there were found on her three guineas, that made the nine, which was delivered to me; I produce the guineas.
- DENHAM sworn. - I searched her by order of the constable of the night all over; I unlaced her stays, being an old offender; I found it at the bottom of her stocking, near the foot; she had no garters on; I knew her before.
The prisoner left her defence to her Counsel.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
