







756. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PRICE
                  




               
            , 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BROWN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           White
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of twelve in the night, of the 30th of July
, and stealing two saddles, value 3l. two bridles, value 18s. two horse harnesses, value 12l. two breast-plates, value 5s. and another bridle, value 5s. the property of the said John, and a great coat, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Mills
               



            .(The case was opened by Mr. Gurney.)
ROBERT MILLS sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney I am servant
 to Mr. John White, who keeps a liverystable
 in Little Moorfields


: On Wednesday night, the 29th of July, the stable-yard was broke open; on the morning of the 30th, I went into the stables, and missed the articels mentioned in the indictment, (repeating them;) the great coat was mine, and the other things were in Mr. White's care.
Cross-examined by Mr. Hart. Q. When had you seen those things before you missed them? - A. The night before.
JAMES LONGMAN sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I keep the One Tun, on Holborn-hill: On Friday the 31st of July last, the woman prisoner came into my house, in a hurry, with a bundle; I am not sure whether she had a bundle or not.
Q.Have you any doubt about it? - A. Yes; I was in a hurry, serving my customers, and I cannot swear whether she had a bundle or not.
Q. Did you see the men? - A. Not till after the officers came in.
Q. Did you see two officers come and accost those men?- A. Yes; they were then sitting in the same box with the woman.
Q. Did you see what was found in that box by the officers? - A. No.


                  CHARLES 
                  PARROTT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am in the tripe business, at No. 6, Field-lane: I was at the One Tun, Holborn-bridge, on Friday the 31st of July, standing at the door, and smoking my pipe.
Q. What time was it? - A. As near as I can guess, between the hours of twelve and two; a coach came up, and there came two men and a woman out of it; the woman went into the public-house; then the men took the bags out of the coach and carried them into the public-house, and then they went up Field-lane.
Q. Do you know that woman? - A. I can't say I do; I never saw them before.
Q. Did you afterwards see those two men and the woman in custody of the officers? - A. I did, about an hour afterwards,
Q. Did you see them before the Lord-Mayor? - A. No; my master would not let me go, he was so busy.
Q. Did you see Graham and Dean, the officers, take away the parcels? - A. One of them.
Q. Did that parcel look like one of the parcels that you saw brought out of the coach? - A. It does.
Cross-examined by Mr. Hart. Q. You don't know that the men you saw come out of the coach were the same you saw in the hands of the officers? - A. No, I do not.
Mr. Gurney. Q. Look at the two men and the woman at the bar, and tell me whether you do or not believe them to be the persons who came out of the coach? - A. I really don't think these are the people; I cannot take upon me to say either way.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BENJAMIN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. On Friday the 31st of July, I was at the One Tun, Holborn-bridge, I was standing before the door, about two o'clock: I saw two men and a woman come out of a hackney-coach, they brougth two bundles with them out of the coach, the bundles were taken into the One Tun; one of them gave one bundle to the woman, and then the other went and fetched another bundle out of the coach; they both went into the public-house, and then one of them came out again, and went down Field-lane; he then came back to the public-house again.
Q. Were you there when the officers came in? - A. No; I did not see them again till the Monday following, at Guildhall.
Q. Look and see if the two men and the woman at the bar are the same persons? - A. I am sure they are the same persons; I sold a hat to one of them for two shillings.
Q.Which was that? - A. The tallest, Brown.
Q. And you are sure they are the two men and the woman that you saw come out of the coach? - A. Yes; I am sure of it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Hart. Q. What are you? - A. I buy second-hand hats, and dress them.
Q. Nothing else? - A. No.
Q. Don't you deal in old clothes generally? - A. No.
Q. Was it not Price that you sold the hat to? - A. It was to one of them.
Q. Did you not sell a coat at the same time? - A. No.
Q. Have you ever been in a Court of Justice before?- A. I have been at Guildhall upon a summons.
Q. Upon your oath have you never been tried yourself? - A. Never in my life, upon my oath.
Q. Can't you tell which of them you sold the hat to?- A. I can't tell now by name.
Q. Go and touch the man? - A. That is the man I sold the hat to. (Pointing to Price).
Q. Did you not say, just now, you sold the hat to the tall one? - A. I can't be certain which I sold the hat forMr. Gurney. Q. Were they both together when you sold the hat? - A. No; one was in the house, and the other out.


                  DANIEL 
                  GRAHAM
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am a City constable: On Friday the 31st of July, I went to the One Tun, Holborn-bridge, to the best of my recollection, about four o'clock, or a little before four; I found Price, and Brown and his wife, in the tap-room, in a box adjoining the bar; there were two other men in the box, and at the farther end of the box, next to Price, I found this bag, (producing it); Price fat on the left-hand side of the box, all the rest were on the other side of the box; I took them all three into custody, and the bundle likewise; I asked Price if he knew any thing of the bundle; he said, he knew nothing at all about it; I asked Brown the same; he said, he knew nothing about it; I asked Mrs. Brown, and she said the same.
Q. Did you find any great coat upon Price? - A. Yes; that was taken off his back at the Compter. (Produces a great coat, and a bag, containing a bridle, saddle, and a martingal).
Cross-examined by Mr. Hart. Q. When you went in, what became of the other two men that were in the box?- A. They staid in the house.
Q. You found only one bundle? - A. No.
Q. Did you ask Price any questions about the coat?- A. He had not a word to say about the coat.
Q. Is it true, that he said he bought it of a Jew? - A. No; before the Alderman, he said he bought it in Monmouth-street.(The great coat, and the other articles, identified by Mills).
Price's defence. I am innocent of the crime laid to my charge; the great coat I bought of a Jew in the street.
Brown's defence. I knew a young man that lived at this public-house, and my wife and I went in and had a pot of beer; there were six or seven people in the box; there was a Jew in the box that lately came from transportation, as I am informed, and he had his arm on this property when the officers came in; I did not know them to be officers; some of the people in the box jumped over the table, and went away; I was very willing to go with them.
Parrot. When they were taken, there was a great skirmish.
Mr. Gurney. Q. In that skirmish, who was it that 
               drew
             a knife? - A.Nobody at all.
Q. Will you swear that? - A. Yes.
Mr. Gurney. (To Graham) Q. When you took these prisoners, did they resist? - A. Yes; Price 
               drew
             a knife, and I prevented him from opening it; I had a great deal of difficulty in securing Price; Brown and his wife went peaceably along.
Brown called one witness, who gave him a good character. Price, GUILTY, aged 27.
Of 


               stealing goods, value 15s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
J. Brown, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .

E. 
            BROWN, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
