





182. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     HAMILTON, alias 
HAMBLETON





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of February
, a rug, value 14 s. a table-cloth, value 4 s. two napkins, value 2 s. a petticoat, value 3 s. four handkerchiefs, value 4 s. a shift, value 4 s. and a flat-iron, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Simmons
                  



               
            .
Second Count. For like offence, charging it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Joel 
                     Barlow
                  



               
            .


                  ANN 
                  SIMMONS
               



             sworn. - Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. She was a lodger of mine, I live at No. 5, Strutton-ground


; she has lived with me ever since Christmas till the 14th of February, in a ready-furnished room, at three shillings and sixpence a week.
Q. Was any furniture of the room missing? - A. Yes; all the articles mentioned in the indictment; I take in washing from one family, the table-cloth belonged to Mr. 
               
                  Joel 
                  Barlow
               



            , and the napkins, they were delivered to me to wash, with other things; I missed them at different times, I have only found some of them again.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PEARSON
               



             sworn. - I live at Mr. Burrows's, a pawnbroker: I produce a petticoat, two napkins, and two handkerchiefs; the petticoat and napkins were pledged for half-a-crown, and the handkerchiefs for one shilling and three-pence; I believe it to be by the prisoner, I cannot swear to her person.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMAN
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Queen-square: In consequence of information I went to the lodgings of the prisoner, at Mrs. Simmons's, No. 5, Strutton-ground; the prisoner gave me this duplicate, and told me it was all she had; on searching farther I found another duplicate, in a little jar upon the mantle-piece; they are the duplicates belonging to the property now produced. (The property produced, and identified by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner. (To Prosecutrix.) Q. You told me that that table-cloth you never had in your custody from the family; and that you could take your oath of it? - A. It is false.
Prisoner's defence. She told me that she never had the table-cloth to wash, nor in her custody; and the shift she had given in a mistake to a person, and she had put another in its place; I never was guilty of such a thing in my life; I never touched a thing she had, a wicked wretch.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave her a good character.
GUILTY, aged 37,




               Of stealing to the value of 3 s. 9 d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Sutton.
