






122. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     KEEF
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     KELLY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of January
, fifteen yards of bombazet, value 1l. 3s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Buttenshaw
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  ANN 
                  BUTTENSHAW
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of Edward Buttenshaw, haberdasher and hosier
, in the Minories


; the two prisoners came into our shop between six and seven in the evening, and asked to look at some stockings in the window; I shewed them some, the man said, they were not the sort he wanted; he went out, and pointed to some in the window; I took them out, and he said, they were not what he wanted; he went out a second time, he came in again, the woman said they were too dear, and instantly went out, the man remained in the shop; he asked to look at some lower priced ones, when the patrol brought the woman back, and said, she had stole a piece of goods off the counter, he held her for some time, and I called Mr. Buttenshaw.
Q. They came in together? - A. Yes, they were talking together at the window for some time before they came in.
Q. That you do not know? - A. I saw them.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



             sworn. - I am a patrol belonging to Portsoken ward, Aldgate; I saw the two prisoners look into Mr. Buttenshaw's shop, on the 6th of January, between six and seven in the evening; I saw them advance to the window, where there was a quantity of stockings exposed for sale, they kept pointing at the stockings as if there was a particular pair that would suit them; then I saw the two prisoners go into the shop, I saw the prisoner Kelly point at some stockings for Mrs. Buttenshaw to take out of the window; in the intrim, I saw Mrs. Keef pull at some shawls upon the counter, but they would not come, which gave me a suspicion that they meant to rob the shop; then the man came out a second time to point at some stockings in the window, and he went in again, and Mrs. Buttenshaw was reaching the stockings; I saw Keef take the bombazet off the counter, she put it either under her cloak, or between her legs, or somewhere; she came out with it; I desired her to deliver up the property that she had got, and she said she had none at all; I then took her into the shop, and when I came to the shop door, she dropped it, and I took it up and gave it to Mrs. Buttenshaw; I took them to the watch-house, and one shilling and two or three halfpence were found upon them; Kelly had the shilling, I believe.


                  Richard 
                  Nibley
               



            , the constable, produced the property, wich was deposed to by Mrs. Buttenshaw.
Q. (To Buttenshaw.) Where was this bombazet when these people came in? - A. Upon the counter.
Kelly's defence. I was going through the Minories, I stopped at this window to look at the stockings, and this woman asked me how much those stockings were, I said, three shillings and sixpence, they were marked, and then this woman went in, and asked to look at a pair of stockings, but not the stockings that I had been looking at; I went into the shop, and asked to look at a pair of stockings, and as soon as I went in, the woman went out, and the patrol came back with her.
Keef's defence. I was looking at this window, I asked this man to tell me the price of a pair of stockings in the window, I went in and they did not suit me; I then asked for some flannel, I came out and the patrol stopped me, and brought me back, and said I had got something; I know nothing at all about it, they picked it up on the ground, and said I had dropped it.
Q. (To Buttenshaw.) Did the woman ask you for any flannel? - A. No.
The prisoner Kelly called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Keef, 


               GUILTY of stealing, not privately
            , aged 28.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Kelly, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
