





393. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WAKEFIELD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of March
, one shirt, value 1s. and nine guineas, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Rooke
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of Joseph Millward
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROOKE
               



             sworn. - I work at Gysford's brewhouse, and the prisoner also; we had lodged together before, and removed to Mr. Millward's, a cooper, in King-street, Seven Dials


, where we slept together in a one pair of stairs front room, in one bed; I had a box in the room, which held my clothes, and I always kept locked; I did not miss the money before Sunday, the 28th of March, when I went to put my things on; on the 22d of March, I missed my shirt out of the window, which I had put there on the Saturday night; the prisoner did not come home to sleep either the Saturday, Sunday, or Monday nights, but I had no suspicion of him, and did not want any thing out of my box till Sunday the 28th, when I missed my money, which I kept in a purse in the box, and kept the key in my pocket; I had not looked at my money for three weeks before; the box had a hasp nailed at the top; I found the nail-heads knocked off, and the hasp back, but not off; the last time I had seen the box, the nail-heads were on; I missed nine guineas in gold that were in my purse; I always counted them when I put any in; there were eleven guineas in the purse, but he took nine out of the eleven, and the purse was remaining just the same as it was; I kept my clothes in the box, and my money under them; upon missing my money, I went to Mrs. Martin's, over Westminster-bridge, but did not find him; I found him on the 29th of March, in a brickfield, at Hammersmith; the constable of Hammersmith, who was with me, said, he durst not take him without a warrant; I got a warrant at Bow-street, and, the next morning, I found him at the Angel at Hammersmith; I went into the house, and the officer with me; I clapped my hand upon my sword, and said to the officer, this is the man that broke my box open, and stole nine guineas, and a shirt; he said he had not the money, but he did bring the shirt away; then we went to Bow-street, and before we went before the Magistrate, I heard him tell the officer he had my money, and had spent every farthing of it.
Q.How long had you been acquainted? - A. About three months; I have never seen my shirt or money since.
Prisoner. Q. Were there not two other men who used to go through our room? - A. They used to go through our room to their lodgings, and who ever went down last, used to carry the key.
Q.Did we not always go out first, and leave them in bed till ten or eleven o'clock? - A.Sometimes they went out first, and sometimes we went out first.
ANN MILLWARD sworn. - I am the wife of Joseph Millward, and live in King-street, Seven-Dials; the prisoner, and the last witness, came to lodge with us about seven or eight weeks ago; they had the one pair of stairs front-room; there were two other lodgers, single men, who used to go through their room; the prisoner was on duty at the brewhouse on the Friday night, and came home on the Saturday morning; I saw no more of him till Monday about twelve o'clock; I gave him the key; he was up stairs about half an hour, and then brought the key down again, and said, he was going to work at a brewhouse over Westminster-bridge; he paid me one shilling and six-pence for his share of the rent; he went away, and I saw no more of him.
GEORGE DONALDSON sworn. - I am one of the constables of St. Martin's-in-the-Fields; I went with the prosecutor to the Angel at Hammersmith; we found the prisoner with a good many brick-makers, dancing; the prosecutor pointed him out to me; I told him I had a warrant to apprehend him, for robbing his bed-fellow of nine guineas, and a shirt.
Q. Before he said any thing, had you said any thing to him that could induce him to make a confession? - A. No; I took him out of the taproom into the bar, and he said, I took the shirt away, but as for the nine guineas, I never took them; I brought him to town, and took him to the office; going through the passage, I said to him, what have you done with this poor fellow's money; he then said, the money is all spent, I should not have taken it, if I had not been very drunk.
Prisoner's defence. I am quite innocent of the affair; when I was brought to the office, the officer told me to say, yes, right or wrong, and, being in liquor, I did not know what I said; he told me I should be cleared if I said, yes.
Donaldson. He was perfectly sober; it was about three or four o'clock in the afternoon.




               GUILTY. - Of stealing to the value of 1s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
