





339. 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     HAWKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Jonas 
                        Hall
                     




                  , about the hour of twelve in the night, of the 3d of April
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing nine stone weight of pork, value 42s. three pecks of flour, value 9s. and a sack, value 1s.
             the property of the said Jonas.


                  JONAS 
                  HALL
               



             sworn. - I keep a house at Fulham


 for the reception of lunatics: On the 3rd of April, I went to-bed about ten o'clock; I was the last up; I saw the doors and windows fast; I got up about half past five o'clock, it was then light; I came down, and found a hole made in the roof of the larder, which is across the court-yard; I missed nine stone weight of pork, three pecks of flour, and a sack; I do not know any thing of the prisoner.


                  ANN 
                  HALL
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of Jonas Hall; I can identify the pork; the constable has it.
 - GRIFFITHS sworn. - I am a constable; I had a warrant to search the prisoner's house, about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's; I went on the 4th of April, about two o'clock in the afternoon; he was not at home; I found a quantity of pork, and a bag of flour, in the bed-room: when we came away, we met the prisoner; upon seeing me, he ran away; I ran after him, and took him; I told him what for, and he said he did not know any thing of it; he said, he bought the property of a man in Westminster.(Produces the pork.)


                  JOHN 
                  WRIGHT
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Hall; I killed the pork for him; I can swear to it; it is my own cutting up.
Prisoner's defence. I bought the pork of a man of the name of Luggett; I have had the flour ever since last harvest; I had a bushel.
For the Prisoner.


                  SUSAN 
                  HALSEY
               



             sworn. - I live at Kensington: Last Saturday fortnight I was coming through York-street, Westminster, and this young man at the bar stood by the side of a cart talking to another man; he had a pot of beer; he asked me to drink with him, which I did; the man said to the prisoner, will you have the pork? the prisoner said, yes, I will, if you will let me have it at the money I offered for it; he said, then you shall treat me with some gin; and he paid down a guinea and a half for it; I cannot tell what quantity there was; I saw him give out several joints, but I did not take particular notice; I saw him give a leg out, that I am positive.(The pork was identified by Mr. and Mrs. Hall, and by Wright.)
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character. GUILTY, aged 20,
Of 


               stealing goods, value 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
