






49. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     ROSS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SULLIVAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 14th of November
 twenty-eight yards of printed cotton, value 28 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Parmenter 
                     Smith
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Wigan
                  



               
            .


                  SUSANNAH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Parmenter 
                  Smith
               



            ; I live at No. 1, Piccadilly


.
Q. Has your husband any partner. - A. Yes; 
               
                  William 
                  Wigan
               



            ; they are linen-draper

s. On the 14th of November there was the cry of stop thief. I found that we had lost some cotton that was tied to a string which was attached to the shop window. It being a slippery day the prisoner 
               
                  Ann 
                  Ross
               



             slipped; I saw the print fall from under her; she had attempted to conceal it under her gown. When they were brought into the shop they accused each other.
Q. Upon your going to the door you saw her drop it. - A. Yes.
Q. You did not see them both together before they were brought into the shop. - A. They were both together.
Q. But you did not see them. - A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HERBERT
               



            . I am assistant to Mr. Smith. I was in the shop serving some customers; I heard the cry of stop thief. I instantly ran out to the door; I saw 
               
                  Ann 
                  Ross
               



             running across the street, she was got as far as Eagle street; she cried out stop thief; I says you are the thief that I want; the prisoner Sullivan went into a house in Eagle street; I stopped till the next witness took her out from there.


                  THOMAS 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a waterman; I water the horses at Piccadilly. On the 14th of November, about three o'clock, as I was coming by Mrs. Smith's shop, I heard the cry of stop thief. Ross says I am not the thief; there goes the thief. I brought Sullivan out of the house.
Q. You had never seen them together. - A. I had not.
Ross's Defence. I know nothing about it; they halloed after the people: I went to see what it was. As to the lady saying she saw it fall from me, it is as false as can be.
Sullivan said nothing in her defence.
ROSS - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SULLIVAN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
