





617. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     DE GRAVES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of September
, a tin box, value 2d. and four shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Sikes
                        



                     
                  , privily from the person of Elizabeth, his wife
            .


                     ELIZABETH 
                     SIKES
                  



               
             sworn. - I am the wife of George Sikes: I went to Bartholomew-fair


 the last day, about six o'clock in the evening, my husband was with me; I had not got ten yards in the fair, before I found my pockets hanging outside my cloaths; I missed a snuff-box, and a tin-box, with 4s. in it, and some halfpence; a gentleman behind me produced the box that had my money in it, and there were two baker's bills in it; the prisoner was taken immediately.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Was this the first night of your appearance at this fair? - A. Yes.
Q. You were going to see punch and his wife, I understand? - A. No, I was not going to any shew.
Q. There was such a bustle, any body might have put their hands in your pocket? - A. Yes.
Q. Were you sober? - A. Yes, I am not given to liquor.


                  JOHN 
                  BECKETT
               



             sworn. - I am a watch-maker; on the 7th of September, I was passing through Bartholomew-fair; I saw the prisoner and another man very close to this woman, in short, hugging her; I suspected they were robbing the poor woman; I watched them, and seized the prisoner myself; I called to the woman, who said she had lost two boxes, one of them containing four shillings; I searched him, and found a box in his left-hand waistcoat-pocket, I heard the found of money in it, and I delivered it to Mr. Canner, the City-Marshal.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. It would not have been a very difficult thing for a person to have put in into the prisoner's pocket? - A. I cannot say that. (The box was produced and identified by the prosecutrix.)
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called two witnesses, who gave him a good character. GUILTY, aged 27.
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not privily from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
