





127. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     TAYLOR, alias 
CLARKE





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of January
, a pair of silver buckles, value 20 s. a silver pepper box, value 20 s. a pair of silver salts, value 20 s. two silver table spoons, value 20 s. a silver cream pot, value 5 s. a silver mustard ladle, value 3 s. a silver table spoon, value 1 s. 6 d. and a window curtain, value 2 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Williams
                        




                     
                  , privately in his dwelling-house
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAMS
               



             sworn. - I am a block-maker
; I live in Narrow-street, Wapping


; I can only speak to the property.


                  MARY 
                  WILLIAMS
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of the last witness.
Q. When did you last see this property? - A. On the 12th of January last I saw it in the top drawer of my chest of drawers in my bed-room; the prisoner lived with me till his bill for rent was two pounds; I made out his bill, and sent it up; he told me he would settle very soon. On Thursday morning, the 15th of January, he said he would go to the accompting-house, and bring me the money; I never saw him any more till he was taken up; on the 20th of January. I went to the drawer, and found the property was gone.
Prisoner. (To Mrs. Williams.) Q. I would wish to ask Mrs. Williams respecting my behaviour during the time I was there? - A. He behaved very well while he was at our house.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of the Thames Police; I produce part of the property - a silver mustard ladle and five duplicates, which he gave me up; he acknowledged to me that he had made away with the property; he likewise told me that he had sold a tea spoon to Mr. Burchall, in the Minories, a very respectable silversmith; I inquired there about the spoon, and about the young man; they told me they had bought a spoon, and they gave it to me, and he told me he had sold a large table-spoon to Barnett Moses; that we could never trace.


                  GEORGE 
                  WINDSOR
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker,I live in Houndsditch; I produce a pair of salts pledged for twelve shillings, and a pepper-castor pledged for eighteen shillings; I cannot speak to the person of the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MOORE
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, I live in Cable-street, Whitechapel; I produce a silver cream-pot and a small window curtain; I know the duplicates, but I cannot speak to the person of the prisoner.


                  HENRY 
                  PURCELL
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker; I produce a pair of buckles pawned by the prisoner at the bar on the 17th of January, in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Clark
               



            , Union-street, for twelve shillings.


                  THOMAS 
                  NICOLLS
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker; I live with Mr. 
               
                  David 
                  Windsor
               



            , No. 121, Minories; I produce a table-spoon pledged by the prisoner; I took the spoon of him, he pawned it for 8 s. (The property identified by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's defence. I am not prepared for my defence; my friends are not here; I do not know what to say, or where to begin first.
Q. (To the prisoner.) Can you account how you came by this property? - A. I had lived with Messrs. Garner and Co. about four months ago; I was promised a place by Sir 
               
                  Robert 
                  Braslet
               



             in the India-house, and during the time I and my father lodged with Mrs. Williams, my father went to Woolwich for three weeks; he was looking over a transport that was taking in stores; the rent was running on to Mr. Williams, and I expected my father up every day; he did not come; I was very much distressed, and Mrs. Williams wished her money paid; I did not know what to do.
GUILTY, aged 19,




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
