








339. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     JOBBER, otherwise 
JONES





               
            , 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     JOHNSON
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RANDALL
                  



               
            , were indicted, the two first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of April

, a silver watch, value 30s. a steel chain, value 6d. a metal seal, value 6d. a metal key, value 1d. a blue cloth coat, value 7s. a nankeen waistcoat, value 1s. a pair of nankeen breeches, value 2s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 1s. a pair of shoes, value 2s. a paper snuff-box, value 1d. two neck handkerchief, value 2s. and a pen-knife, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Robjent
                  



               
            , and the other for 


               receiving part of the same goods knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBJENT
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 17, Cooke's-row, Pancras: On Tuesday, the 7th of April, I was in liquor, and met the two women at the bar in Tottenham-court-road; I was going towards Somers Town, and they told me they were going that way too; then we went into a public-house, and drank for a couple of hours, and then they asked me to go home to their house and they would make some tea for me; I went with them to No. 20, Chapel-path, Somers-town



; the prisoner Jobber stripped herself and went to bed; that was about five o'clock in the afternoon; then I went to bed with her, and being in liquor, I was soon asleep; when I awoke, I found myself stripped, all my cloaths were gone; 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Johnson
               



             was lighting the fire to make the tea when I went to bed; Jobber appeared to be the mistress; I went up stairs, and made known to the people in the house that I was stripped, but they said they did not know who they were, they had been there so short a time; I was obliged to walk home naked, they lest me nothing but my hat and a flannel waistcoat.
Q. How far had you to walk home? - A. Half a mile; it was almost dark, not quite; I went home and put on some cloaths; I then went over to the Elephant and Castle, at Pancras; I could not find the girls, and then I went home to bed; the next morning, about eleven o'clock, I saw them at Bow-street, with the property.
- Wadmare, a pawnbroker in Tottenham-court-road, produced a coat, waistcoat, a pair of breeches. and shoes, which he had taken in of the prisoner Jobber.


                  HENRY 
                  CROCKER
               



             sworn. - I am one of the conductors of a party of patrol of Bow-street; I went in search of Jobber; I found her and the prisoner Randall together, he is a watchman on the Hampstead road; that was between eight and nine o'clock; I challenged her with the watch, she said she had none, nor knew of no such thing; I immediately took them to a public-house; Randall gave me the watch; I afterwards found Johnson locked up in Randall's watch-box; I found upon Jobber a pair of stockings, a snuff-box, and two neck-handkerchiefs; upon Johnson I found nothing but a pen-knife. (Produces them.)( - Williams, one of the patrol, confirmed the evidence of Crocker.)(The property was identified by the prosecutor.)
Jobber's defene. This man went home with me, and was to give me half a guinea to sleep with him, and after he was in bed, be said he had no money, but that he lodged only next door to me, and that he would stay in bed till after dark, and then he would step home and get some money.
Jobnson's defence. I know nothing at all about it.
Randall's defence. This woman, Jobber, was very much in liquor; she came to me and gave me the watch to take care of till she was in a situation to take care of it herself; I did not know it was stolen.
Crocker. Jobber was very much in liquor; Randall gave me the watch the moment I challenged him with it; he told me Jobber had given it to him as a free gift.
Jobber, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Johnson, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Randall, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
