





406. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     O'SHAUGHNESSY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3d of April
, fifty-six pound weight of lead, value 20 s. affixed to a certain building called a house, and a fixture, called a copper, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Mackay
                        




.


                  BARNABAS 
                  BLAKE
               



            . I am an hotel keeper in Jermyn street


. On the 3d of April. Mr. Trimming, my opposite neighbour, informed me that there were some persons robbing an unoccupied house next door to me, that his wife on the succeeding night had seen three persons attempting to unlock the door, and that he suspected they would be there the following evening; he saw some of the persons had come up the steps. I looked at the door and saw a marble stone, I put it between the door; I went at eight o'clock, the same stone was there; I went out about nine, and gave the watchman charge, I saw the stone was down. I went to my opposite neighbour at the back of the house, I got him to look out of his window; I suppose his candle disturbed them. I heard the door unfasten, and this little man came very leisurely out of the door; I did not attempt to take hold of him on the step; he made a run across the street, I cried stop thief, he ran in a direction for Bury-street. Some person coming there he rebounded into the street again; he was laid hold of, I never lost sight of him; the whole was not above twenty-five yards. I was not the first who took hold of him.
Q. You have no doubt of his being the person. - A. No. I took hold of him by the collar and gave charge of him. There were two more persons who run away.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GREGORY
               



            . The next morning I went to this house in Jermyn-street; we found the lead was entirely gone off from the house of every description; the lead, and the lead pump and the copper were gone; this lead pipe I now produce was spread upon the kitchen floor, it was separated from the house, and found in the very form it is now. This crow I received at the watchhouse.
MR. BLAKE. After I took the prisoner, this crow dropped between the watchman, the prisoner, and me. I cannot swear that the prisoner dropped it.
Prisoner's Defence. I was never in the house.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
