





690. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BARTLETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of August
, a silver watch, value 3l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Lee
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Stephen 
                        Cave
                     



.


                  THOMAS 
                  LEE
               



             Sworn. - I am a soldier belonging to the 2d battalion of the 3d regiment of Footguards
, and lodge in Gloucester-place, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn


, with 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Cave
               



            , a publican: On the 24th of August, I went out on duty about six o'clock, and left the watch in the cupboard near the bed-side, and my wife in bed; I returned home again between four and five o'clock, and missed my watch, which was afterwards found upon Finch, a fireman.
STEPHEN CAVE Sworn. - The prisoner and prosecutor lodged with me; On the 24th of August, the prosecutor's wife went out for a roll for her breakfast; and when she came back she missed the watch; we enquire who had been in the room, and found the prisoner had absconded without giving notice; we went down to Ship-yard, in Great Shire-lane, and enquired for him at his mother's; he was not there, but we watched for him, and apprehended him.


                  JOHN 
                  FINCH
               



             Sworn. - I live at No.3, Crown-court, Fleet-street, and am a fireman and waterman; I bought the watch of the prisoner at the Plough public-house, in Black Horse-court, Fleet-street; he said he had a watch to sell, - that he was going to sea, and wanted money; he asked a guinea and a half for it; I gave him thirty shillings; I had it in wear five or six days; the prosecutor and his landlord came to my house, and gave me a description of it, upon which I thewed it him, and the prisoner was apprechended.(The watch produced and identified.)
Prisoner. Finch says he gave me thirty shillings for it; he only gave me twenty-six; he knew it to be stolen, and asked me if I had stolen it; I said, I had; 
               
                  William 
                  Hollis
               



            , of Shoemaker-row, took me down to him to sell it, and he wanted me to get him two gold seals.
GUILTY, aged 23,




               Of stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
