





717. 
               
                  LYON 
                  LAZARUS
               




             was indicted for



               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of October
, seventy-two yards of bed-lace, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ranshall
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  RANSHALL
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Ranshall
               



            : On Saturday I think the 11th of October, I missed some bed-lace; I bad seen it three or four hours before; there were about seventy-two yards of it (the bed-lace produced); there is no mark upon it, but I believe it to be the same; there was a small piece out off, which has been matched since.
JOSHEPH BUNTER sworn. - I work for Mr. Walker, in Shoreditch: Last Saturday fortnight the prisoner came in, and asked if I would buy any bed-lace; my mistress came out, and asked him what he asked for it; he said, what will you give me for it; she asked him how many yards there were, and he said he did not know; the said, it was extraordinary he should not know the length; he said he had swapped for it in the country: she asked him where, and he would not tell where; she said, she thought it was not honesty come by, Office, and have it advertised; she stopped the lace, and told him to go about his business; he would not go without the lace, and I went to the Officer, and brought an officer; while the lace and the man were gone to the Office, Mr. Walker went to Mr. Ranshall's which was just accoss the street; he brought a piece of the same pattern.
Mrs. Ranshull. I did not miss it till Mr. Walker came for the pattern, and I gave him a piece, which tallied with the piece I had missed: it had been lying loose upon the counter; I had been it about four o'clock.
Bunter. It was about six when he brought the lace to me; I was just shutting the shop up.


                  JOHN 
                  RAY
               



             sworn. - I belong to the Office in Worship-street: I was sent for on Saturday, the 8th of October, I took the prisoner into custody; the lace was delivered to me; I asked the prisoner who he got it from; he said he had bought it at Waltham-Abbey; after he got to the Office, he said he had gone into a broker's shop, and stole it; there was nothing said to induce him to acknowledge it.
For the prisoner.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  ISRAEL
               



             sworn. - I know the prisoner to be out to his mind; I was here by accident; I have known him seven or eight years; he has very good friends; I have known them give him five or six guineas at a time to go out with a bag to buy old cloaths, and instead of going out, he would lie in bed till all the money was spent; about seven or eight months ago, he laid down before my door, and I was obliged to throw a pail of water over him, to make him get up.
Q. Was he sober at that time? - A. Yes, as sober as you are.
Q.(To Ray.) Did he appear to you be insane? - A. No, he appeared to be quite in his senses.
Q.(To Bunter.) Did he appear to you not to be in his senses? - A. No; he appeared to be perfectly in his senses with regard to dealing for the goods, but seemed in a great hurry to get them disposed of.


                  DANIEL 
                  DAVIS
               



             sworn. - I have known the prisoner about two years; he came into my house, and I was obliged to thrown half a pail of water over him, to get him down stairs.



               GUILTY
            , aged 55.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
