





531. 
               
                  LOUISA 
                  BRIAN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 6th of September
 a silver watch, value 5 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lawson
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  LAWSON
               



            . On the 6th of September, between ten and eleven at night, I was returning home to John's Court, Upper East Smithfield; the prisoner came up to me, she wanted me to go along with her; I told her to go about her business, I was going home to my wife and family; she came up the second time and clasped her hand round my waist, and drew my watch; I threw her from me and she walked off; I immediately pursued her and made fast hold of her, I asked her for my watch, she told me she had no such thing about her; then I dragged her along to the watchhouse. 
               
                  John 
                  Bowler
               



             came up and asked the reason why I was dragging the woman; I told him she had robbed me of my watch I was certain she had it about her; he called the watch, and after being searched at the watchhouse the watch was found in her hand.
Q. That was your watch was it. - A. Yes.
Q. You said she clasped her hand round your waist, did you feel her take it. - A. I felt her put her hand down my thigh; I put my hand down immediately, I found my watch was gone.
Q. What you felt caused you to put your hand down directly. - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  BOWLER
               



            . Q. You were in the street this night, and saw the last witness dragging the woman along towards the watchhouse. - A. I did; I went with her to the watchhouse. When the officer of the night took her, I took hold of one hand and he the other; when she came in the watchhouse her hands were liberated; she put her hand into her right hand pocket and took out the watch, but would not deliver it up; upon which I took hold of her hand, and 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Sanders
               



            , the watchhouse keeper took it out of her hand.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SANDERS
               



            . I am watchhouse keeper. On the 6th of September, about ten at night, the prisoner was brought into the watchhouse. I saw the watch in her hand and took it from her; she would not give it up.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. As I was going home that man accosted me, he asked me to go home with him, he said he lived close by; I said you are a married man; he said he was not, he said I will give you one guinea if you will go home with me, I have no money, but if you are afraid of the money take my watch, he gave me thewatch and behaved very brutal to me, I did not like it; he thought to have dragged me to his house; when I found where he lived I would not go with him.
Q.to prosecutor. Did you give her the watch. - A. I did not.
GUILTY, aged 26.
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr justice Le Blanc.
