





311. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     COURSE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 23d of February
, ninety two pounds weight of lead, value 2 l. the property of 
                     
                        Hill 
                        Darley
                     




                  , esq.
 affixed to a certain building of his called a house
            .
Second count for like offence, charging it to be affixed to a building generally.
HILL DARLEY. I live in the parish of St. James


. Q. Was any lead taken from your dwelling house. A. Yes, it was lost on the night of the 23d of February, about ten o'clock; there was notice given to me it was gone; it was taken from an additional room; it was on the outside, just before the coping goes on the wall; I know no more than I compared the lead, it fitted exactly, it was new lead; the prisoner was one of the labourers.
THOMAS - . I am a watchman in Brewer street, St. James's; about a quarter past nine o'clock I was standing at the corner of Sherrard street, facing of Golden square; I saw the prisoner in the middle of the road with the lead loose on his shoulder; I followed him to the corner of Great Pulteney street, I asked him where he was going with it, he said he was going to his master's with it; I told him he must go along with me; I took him to the corner of Sherrard street again, then he threw down the lead and attempted to make his escape; I pursued him and left the lead in the street; I called out stop thief, I was about six or eight yards from him; at the corner of Marybone street a man laid hold of him; I brought him back to where the property was, I gave him into the hands of Mr. 
               Warren
             the constable; I never lost sight of him; it is a narrow street, the lamps gave a great light all the way.



                  JOHN 
                  WARREN
               



            . The last witness delivered the prisoner into my custody; I took him to the watch-house, I have had the lead in my custody ever since. The next morning I took the lead to Mr. Darley's and compared it to the place; it fitted exactly.
JOHN TANNER. I am the plumber; I compared the lead, it fitted the wall exactly.
Q. What was the length of the wall. - A. About eighteen feet in the whole; I weighed this lead, it weighed eighty three pounds.
Prisoner's Defence. I found this lead in the street.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            ,
Second Middlesex jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
