





324. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     ARGENT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 29th of March
, a wrapper, value 1 s. and fifty pound weight of tea, value 16 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hanson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Hanson
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  OILY
               



            . I am a servant to Messrs. Freerson and Sawry, haberdashers, Lad lane.
Q. Do you know any thing of the person of the prisoner. - A. Yes; on the 29th of March, between seven o'clock and the half hour after, I saw him at the hind part of a cart in Bull and Mouth street, he was in the act of getting out; I am sure of his person.
Q. Did you see him take any thing from the cart. - A. I did not; I went in about my business; I passed him and went on about two hundred yards, when he passed me with the truss on his shoulder, just at the end of St. Ann's lane.
Q. Are you sure that he was the same man that you had seen in the cart. - A. I was quite sure he was the same man by his dress, he had a brown coat on; when he passed me some person called out Joe do not run; there is no person calling to you; that gave me suspicion; he went on a little further, he put the truss down at a door, I passed him and looked at him; I turned back almost immediately, I run back to the Bull and Mouth to enquire if he had stole the truss; I found the carman enquiring after it; I told the carman if he would follow me I would shew him where it was.
Q. What is his name. - 
               A. Thomas Hartman
            . The carman followed me into St. Ann's lane, where he found the truss moved from where I left it, about five or six yards across the street.
Q. Where was the prisoner. - A. He was gone; I saw no more of him till he was brought back by the patrol in about eight or ten minutes; I set a person to watch the prisoner, which he did; this man is a stranger to me, he is not here.
Q. Are you sure that when you saw the prisoner in the custody of the patrol he was the same man that you saw in possession of this truss. - A. At that time I was quite sure, I had taken notice of him.
Q. Did you say in his hearing that he was the man that was in the cart. - A. I did.
Prisoner. He said at the hall that he saw me in the cart, but he could not see my face, it was dark.
Witness. I did not.



                  THOMAS 
                  HARTMAN
               



            . I was carman to Messrs. Hanson at that time.
Q. On the 29th of March had you any quantity of tea in their cart. - A. I had this truss and another; and a small chest; they were going to the Red Lion inn, Aldersgate street.
Q. Were you walking by the side of the cart. - A. No, I had drawed up my cart close to the side of the Bull and Mouth gate.
Q. About what time was it. - A. Between seven o'clock and the half hour; I went down the yard to deliver a small parcel; I left nobody with the cart; I was gone down the yard about ten minutes to deliver a small parcel.
Q. Are you quite sure that when you went down the Bull and Mouth yard every thing was safe in the cart. - A. Yes, I covered them safe with a sail cloth in the front of the cart; on my return I found the tailboard of my cart down and I missed the truss of tea; I made every enquiry immediately. Oily came and informed me where the truss was gone; I found the truss again in St. Ann's lane by Oily's directions; I took it home; I did not see the prisoner till he was brought back to the cart; he was in custody of the patrol.
Q. When you saw the truss did you know it to be the truss belonging to your master. - A. Yes, it had a direction on it; it is here.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURTON
               



            . I am the officer that took the man in custody; I was coming up St. Ann's lane, I saw the prisoner and a number of people assembled together; I found the prisoner in the custody of 
               
                  Michael 
                  Carter
               



            , he gave me charge of him; 
               
                  John 
                  Oily
               



             said that is the man, take him to the Bull and Mouth; he told me he had taken a truss out of a cart in Bull and Mouth street; the prisoner said he was innocent of it.


                  MICHAEL 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am a bricklayer; - on the 29th of March, as I was coming up Foster lane I heard the cry of stop thief, I saw the prisoner running in a direction toward me, he turned as if he was going into Wood street, then he altered his course on seeing me come towards him; I followed him and took him in Little Love lane; I asked him what made him run, he said he did not run; he did run, because I run pretty sharp after him; I asked him whole coat it was he had under his arm, he said his own, he put it on; immediately a person came up and told me he had stole a parcel out of a cart in Bull and Mouth street; the prisoner denied it. I asked him to go along with me, then I should see whether he was guilty or not; he refused going with me and struck me. I catched hold of him by the collar and told him I should use him very rough if he served me so any more; I brought him back to the Bull and Mouth, they said they knew him. Oily charged him with being the man that robbed the cart.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. My lord, and gentlemen of the jury - the crime that is alledged against me I am totally ignorant of, and I have no doubt but the discernment of this honourable court and jury will acquit me of this charge; I never saw the witness Oily before I was brought to Bull and Mouth street; the witness Oily admitted that he saw a man in the cart before the magistrate, but he could not identify me to be the person. On the evening laid in the indictment I was coming along Wood street, there were several people quickened their paces; a man before me turned round and seized hold of me and gave me in charge immediately; I did not know why that man stopped me, I have never seen him since, and when I was brought into Bull and Mouth street I was astonished at what they charged me with. I am a watch gilder by trade; - there were many turnings in the street - and if such a thing as conviction should take place it would be dangerous for a man to walk in the street; - is it possible that I can be convicted, as the man who first stopped me never appeared against me; therefore I make no doubt of a verdict of acquittal, as he never appeared against me before the justice where I was examined.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
