





281. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SADLER
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Payne
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of seven in the night of the 7th of March
, and burglariously stealing two boots, value 10s.
             the property of the said William.
WILLIAM PAYNE sworn. - I keep a house, No. 2, Kingsgate-street, Holborn, in the parish of St. George's, Bloomsbury


: On Sunday night the 7th of March, about seven o'clock, I was standing in my own kitchen, I suddenly heard the door broke open; I listened for a moment, and heard a noise over my head; I immediately ran up stairs, and caught the prisoner at the bar taking boots from the window, I both work and sleep in the shop where the boots were; I let out two rooms in the house; I went up to him, and he immediately collared me, he immediately let the property he had in his hand loose; he collared me, and threw me on the floor; we were then in the dark, the candle was knocked down, he struggled to get loose, butI still hold fast hold of him; we continued in that state a few minutes, till my wife had alarmed the neighbourhood, we had a violent fall both of us at the street-door; I was then assisted by some-person about the door, and we got him back into the shop; we searched, but found nothing upon him at that time.
Q. Are you sure this is the man? - A. I am positive he is the man; I never let him go from the time I laid hold of him till I delivered him to the watch-house-keeper in the watch-house.
Cross-examined by Mr. Clifton. Q.It was light? - A. No, it was quite dark.
Q. We all know it is not dark at that time of the year, at seven o'clock? - A.It was not light.
Q. It was so light you could distinguish his face? - A. I had a candle in my hand.
Q. But you could see his face as you went to the watch-house? - A. I could see his face as he went along, because I was quite close to him; if it is ever so dark I can see a man's face that is close to me.
Q. You know there is a reward of forty pounds if this man is convicted of a burglary? - A. I have heard of such things.
Court. Q.How did the person get in? - A.By opening the street-door, with a latch; it was upon the latch, and bursting open the shop-door; it is left upon the latch for the benefit of the lodgers.
Q.Therefore your lodgers might go in and out as they pleased? - A. Yes.
Q. How long had you been in the house that night? - A. I had not been out the whole day.
Q.Anybody might open the latch? - A. Yes.
Q.How lately before had you been at the street-door? - A. A few minutes before; I fastened the kitchen-window, and came down again, and had only taken a book and sat down when it happened.
Q. How was the other door broke open? - A. It was bolted, as well as locked, inside.
Q. How had it been opened? - A. It was burst open, the staple was burst off; it was the bursting of that open that alarmed me.
VALENTINE ROMLEY sworn. - I am an officer,(produces the property); I searched the prisoner, and found nothing upon him but a common knife; being without a hat I asked him what had become of his hat; he said he had lost it in the scuffle; the prosecutor went back and found the hat.
Payne. Q.These are my boots, they were hanging up in the window; when I caught him he had them in his hand; on my return from the watch-house, I found his hat in the passage, some matches, and a bottle of phosphorus.
Prisoner's defence. I understand that Mr. Romley has been putting this man in the way of getting forty pounds upon my conviction; I have not been out of trouble long; I went to inquire for a man of the name of Murray, and being in liquor I went to a wrong house, and when I went in, that man knocked me down; and, as I had an undoubted right, I knocked him down again.
GUILTY, aged 30.
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
