





517. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RICHARDSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of June
, a silver watch, value 40s.
             the property of 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Hall
               




            .
CHRISTOPHER HALL sworn. - I am a seafaring man
; I lost my watch from on board the Ann, of Blyth, lying in New-Crane tier, in the middle of the river, on the north side of the stream


; the prisoner was a stranger to me; the last time I saw it was at ten o'clock at night, on Friday night, the 25th of June, where I slept in the steerage; I put it into an old shoe that was nailed up against the side of the cabin; I missed it the next morning, between four and five; I heard that a man had been taken with two watches upon him, and I went at eleven o'clock in the morning to the Police-Office, and there I found my watch; it had a string to it, and a jointed key; I know it by the name and number, 67138, 
               R. T. 
            Portal, London.
ISAAC WELLS sworn. - I belong to the Police-Office, Wapping: On Saturday morning, the 26th of June, about two o'clock, I found the prisoner at the bar going ashore in the ship's boat off New-Crane; he was rowing himself towards New-Crane stairs; I asked him where he was going; he said, he was going on shore to run away from his master; he said, his master had used him very ill; I rather suspected he had done something wrong, and I immediately searched him in the boat, and found two watches upon him; I asked him how he came by them; he said, they were his own property; I detained him, and took him to the Office; the prosecutor came to the Office the same morning, and claimed the watch; he deseribed the name and number.(The watch was produced, and identified by Hall.)
Prisoner's defence. I bought the two watches that night. 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
