





230. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BURROUGHS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of April
, a pound and four ounces of indigo, value 4 s.
             the property of the 
               East India Company


            .
Second Count, For the like offence, the property of persons unknown.

(The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.)
GEORGE-
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHNSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are a labourer belonging to the East India Company's warehouse, in Billiter-lane, in the city of London


? - A. I am: On Thursday, the 18th of April, I saw the prisoner at the bar in the warehouse; I was on the same floor, shewing a gentleman some indigo, and perceiving the prisoner frequently putting his hand into his pocket, and putting something into his breeches, under his apron, I communicated it to 
               
                  George 
                  Grace
               



            , and he communicated the same to 
               
                  William 
                  Mould
               



            , the commodore.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. The men, who work in the East India warehouse, expect to be rubbed down before they get out of the warehouse? - A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  MOULD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. What are you in the Company's warehouse in Billiter-lane? - A. I am commodore: In consequence of information, I informed the assistant elder, and I was directed to keep my eyes upon him; I saw the prisoner in the act of unbuttoning his breeches; there was a noise of something falling on the floor, and I immediately stepped up to the prisoner, and said to him, I am very sorry for what I see, but it is too late now; he turned and seemed very much affected, and began crying; I picked up the indigo; there was some on the floor occasioned by his letting the bag fall; I gave the bag with the indigo to the assistant elder, William Stinton. He was then taken into custody.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You, who are a very honest man, I take it for granted, would be very much affected if you were accused of a robbery; the place where you found this indigo was very dark? - A. Rather dark.
Q. It often happens that pieces are thrown out of the cask on the ground; does it happen so? - A. It does.
Q. Was there a number of people there while the prisoner was there? - A. Yes.
Mr. Knapp. Q. If indigo drops on the ground, they do not generally drop it in bags? - A. No.
Q. This man dropped it in a bag? - A. Yes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STINTON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Did you see the prisoner on this occasion? - A. I did, when Mould informed me; I had the bag from Mould, and Mould had it from the prisoner; I asked him what he meant by it; he fell a crying, and said he was sorry for it. He said he could not see what possessed him to do it.
- RIGG sworn. - I produce the indigo: I received it from Stinton.
Q.(To Stinton.) Is that the indigo? - A. Yes, the same sort and quality; indigo is about sixteen shillings a pound; the prisoner had three shillings a day for working in the indigo from eight in the morning till two in the afternoon.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
