





401. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ANDERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of March
, two silver table-spoons, value 21s. a silver skewer, value 2s. and two four pronged silver forks, value 17s. the property of 
                     
                        Thomas-Orbey 
                        Hunter
                     




                  , Esq
; in his dwelling house
            .
JOHN HARRISON sworn. - I am butler to Thomas-Orbey Hunter, Esq; No. 16, Manchester-square


, and can swear to the plate.
JOHN BROCKHURST sworn. - I am under butler, the plate was brought to me about the 20th of March, by Mr. Lowe, the pawnbroker.


                  JAMES 
                  LOWE
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker; on the 20th of March, the prisoner pledged a tablespoon with me; I asked him where he got it, and he gave me a direction, No. 16, Barrert's-court; I asked him whose it was; he said, he had been a servant, that his master was dead, and had left him those things; in the evening, I made enquiry, but could not find him out; on Monday evening, he brought a silver skewer, which I took in, on purpose to find out where he lived, when he gave me the same address, and the same name; on Thursday the 26th of March, he brought me two silver four prolonged forks and offered me; I told him, he had twice given me a false direction, and I would detain them and him; he said, they belonged to Mr. Byrne; I said, I would go and see if he lived there; going through Manchester-square, I saw the buttler going into Mr. Hunter's with some beer; I went there, and they owned the things.(The property identified.)
Prisoner's defence. I pawned the spoons with an intention of taking them out; I pawned the skewer for two shillings, and intended to do so by that, if the apprehension had not taken place.
GUILTY, aged 38, of 


               stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
