





442. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     MACNALTY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th of August
, nineteen cotton shawls, value 36 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Harby
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARBY
               



             sworn. I am a linen draper
, No. 137, Great Earl-street, Sevendials


. On the 28th of August the prisoner came to my shop to purchase a cap, value two shillings and sixpence, she paid for it, after which she requested to look at some shawls, I was in the back room, I saw her come in and I saw her go out two or three times, the last time that she went out she was brought back by a constable; I searched her, we took three shawls from under her clothes, she then said she bought them in Holborn, afterwards she said she would pay for them if we, would let her go, she offered two guineas to let her go; we took notice she appeared very pregnant we asked her if she was pregnant, she said yes; we took her into a little back room, the constable searched her, we found eight shawls in each pocket, she had drawn the shawls in her pockets before her, it appeared as if she was pregnant.
Q. Had they been taken out of your shop. - A. They had; about an hour before I had them in my hand.
Cross-examined by Mr. Curwood.
Q. How many persons were there in your shop. A. Two, they are not here.


                  JOHN 
                  NEWNHAM
               



             sworn. I was just coming by the White Lion, I saw the woman with her petticoats up to her knees, I saw three shawls hanging down; I says, halloa, mistress, what have you got here, I took hold of her and brought her into this man's shop, I said you have just taken them from here.
Q. How far was this shop from the place where you took her. - A. About twice the length of this table.
Q.(to prosecutor) What is the value of these shawls. - A. Thirty six shillings; they are marked S and R, my own mark, they are mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I am as innocent of taking them shawls as this infant in my arms. I picked them up about thirty yards from the shop, I have got good and honest witnesses that will prove it.
The prisoner called four witnesses who gave her a good character.




               GUILTY
            , aged 23.
Of stealing but not privately in the shop.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
