





407. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of April
, a silver watch, value 25 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James William 
                     Brown
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  CLEAVE
               



            . Q. What are you. - A. I carry on the turnery business; the prosecutor Brown boards and lodges with me, he carries on the turnery business
 for me. I know no more than this about the watch; when he went up to bed at twelve o'clock Saturday the 25th of April, he had the watch with him. I live in Feathers-court, Gray's Inn-lane


.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MEAR
               



            . I live in the house with the prosecutor, in the back parlour. On Sunday morning at seven o'clock I saw the prisoner at the step of the lower stairs.
Q. What is the prisoner. - A. I do not know what she is. When I heard the door open, I said who is there; she said me. I said she is not up yet, meaning the landlady.
Q. What business had she there. - A. She had no business to come there. I am sure it was the prisoner, I knew her before.


                  GEORGE 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am an officer. On the 7th of May I apprehended the prisoner; she told me the watch was pledged at Mr. Crouch's, Ray-street. This is the watch.


                  JAMES 
                  LAWSON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Crouch, pawnbroker in Ray-street.
Q. Look at the watch produced by Wood. - A. This is the watch that I took in pledge on the 29th of April, of a person of the name of James Green.


                  JAMES 
                  WILLIAM BROWN
               



            . I am a turner. I was awoke between six and seven o'clock by the prisoner falling on the bed. I was asleep when I lost my watch My watch and my clothes were all on the bed; I did not miss it till she was gone. It is my watch.
Prisoner's Defence. I am an unfortunate woman; and this man has been with me frequently. I leave myself to the mercy of the court.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
