





15. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CURTIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3d of November
, a shawl, value 15 s. and twenty eight yards of printed cotton, value 1 l. 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harvey
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Lamming
                  



               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Alley.
JOSEPH BIRKETT. I am shopman to 
               
                  John 
                  Harvey
               



             and 
               
                  James 
                  Lamming
               



            , linen draper

s, Ludgate hill


. On Thursday the 3d of November, the prisoner, accompanied with another person, came to my master's shop and staid in the shop about half an hour; when they were gone, in a few minutes I had occasion to suspect them and followed them; I overtook them about fifteen yards from the shop; I told them that Mr. Harvey wished to speak to them; either the prisoner or her companion said, what can Mr. Harvey want with me, that she had taken nothing but what she had paid for. When they came near the shop door the prisoner attempted to pull a silk shawl out of her pocket, as if to throw it away; I seized the shawl while she was making the effort. Mr. Kimber came up and apprehended her; they were brought into the shop; the constable picked up a print behind her.
Mr. Knapp. Did you see it drop - A. No; I only saw the shawl taken from her person.
Mr. Alley Whose property was the shawl - A. It was the property of the prosecutors.
Mr. Knapp. This is one of the cheap shops on Ludgate Hill - A. It is so denominated.
Q.Where a parcel of people crowd so as to hinder people passing and repassing - A. That does not always happen.
Q. You have a good many shawls in your shop - A.No doubt of it.
Q. Was there another shawl like that in the shop - Not that I know of.
Q. How many people serve in the shop - A. Eight or nine.
Q. Will you swear that shawl had not been sold - A. I can positively swear that shawl was not sold; I can swear it is Mr. Harvey and Lamming's property, by the private mark.
Q. You do not cut off you private marks upon goods being sold - A. No.


                  ROBERT 
                  ASHWORTH
               



            . - Mr. Alley. You are also one of the men employed by the prosecutors - A. I am.
Q. Do you remember seeing the prisoner in the shop - A. I do.
Q. Did you sell the shawl in question to her - A. I did not.
Q. Did you observe her do any thing with the shawl - A. I did not.
Mr. Gurney. Your's is a shop of a great deal of bustle and confusion - A. Yes.
Q. You are one of the nine or ten young men who was in the bustle and confusion of that bustling shop - A. I am.
COURT. Where was this shawl placed - A. In the window, inside.
Q. What did you serve this woman with - A. With a gown.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KIMBER
               



            . - Mr. Alley. You are a city officer - A. Yes. On the day spoken of I saw the prisoner about thirty yards from the shop; the witness Birkett ran after the ladies, and told them they were wanted; they resisted; I assisted in bringing them back; Curtis put her left hand on her right hand side and attempted to throw away a shawl; I laid hold of it, and Birkett took the shawl from me; I let the lady go in before me, and as I let her pass she let a piece of print drop from under her gown or pelisse; my foot reached the print before the other end reached the ground; I said here is the print likewise; she said it did not belong to her; I picked it up and shewed it them; I took her with the other up stairs into a private room and had them searched; nothing was found upon them up stairs.
The property produced and identified.
Jury to Birkett. Did you see her stealing any thing - A. I supposed her to be stealing of something; I watched her very closely, I saw her with her hand under her gown as she stood by the window; I saw her hand in the shop window; I saw her turning her head; she was watching for fear any body saw her; I seemed to mind my own business, but I saw her.
Mr. Knapp. How came you to drop this now and not mention it at first - A. I answered the questions that were put to me.
COURT. You are upon your oath, you are to speak the whole truth.
The prisoner left her defence to her counsel, and called no witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
