





695. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     FRANCIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of October
, a basket, value 6 d. a pound weight of currants, value 6 d. eighteen tulip roots, value 2 s. a pound weight of carraway seed, value 1 s. an ounce weight of coffee, value 5 d. and a pound weight of grapes, value 8 d.
             the property of 
               
                  George 
                  Wanger
               




            .


                  GEORGE 
                  WANGER
               



            . I live at No. 64, John-street, Surry side of Blackfriar's-bridge. I lost these things on Saturday night last, about eight o'clock; my cart was standing at Bridewel-gate, New Bridge-street, Blackfriar's; while I went to Water-lane, to fetch this parcel; I brought the parcel, and placed it in the tail of the cart; I then said to my boy, push on, we shall be late home; I then got into the cart, and at the corner of Bride-lane


, I happened to turn my head, I observed an arm in the cart; I at first thought it was the city toll-man looking in to see whether these were any good to pay the toll; I immediately observed the hand come up, and the basket with it; I said to my boy stop, Stevy, there is the basket gone out of the cart; while that hand was taking the basket out of the cart, the other hand took the basket over; I did not wait for his stopping the horse, but I jumped out of the cart while the horse was going; I saw the man take down Bride-lane.
Q. The person was gone - A. Yes, I saw him take it out; he made down Bride-lane. I halloaed stop thief, no person attempted to stop him; I pursued him, till he came to the corner by the hair dresser's; he then returned upon me at the corner, I did not observe the bundle all the way he ran; when he returned I caught him fast by the collar, I said, you are the man who took my basket out of my cart, and while I said these words, I saw the basket standing about a yard from him, under the hair dresser's window. I took my basket up in my right hand, and held him fast with my left hand, and took him to St. Bride's watchhouse.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. What time of the night was this. - A. About eight o'clock.
Q. It was dark. - A. Yes.
Q. Did not you find some difficulty in getting out of your cart. - A. No, if I had broke my neck, I should not have thought any thing of it at the moment.
Q. I hope your neck will not be broke, nor his upon this occasion; could you pretend to say he was the man that ran away from you when you met him. - A. I am positive; I was so close upon him, he turned that corner and set the basket down, I suppose, and returned.
Q. I know it is all supposition - what distance were you from from the corner, at the time the man ran away from you. - A. I was close to him almost, there was no soul in the lane but a boy; I believe he saw me take him.
WALTER M'DONALD. I am constable at St. Bride's parish; I attended; and the last witness has related to your lordship every thing he told me then, the prisoner denied having any concern in the robbery.


                  JOHN 
                  BARKER
               



            . I was close to this gentleman's cart, a man came behind it I stopped looking at him; a man tapped me on the shoulder and asked me the way to Cornhill; I told him to go along Cheapside; he says, cannot I go over London bridge; I says, yes, you can, it is the furthest way; just as I said them words, the cart was stopped; I run down Bride's-passage, and when I run down Bride's-passage, I saw not a soul coming up nor down the lane; I returned back, I found the prosecutor and the prisoner coming up the lane.
Q. You did not see the man take the things out of the cart. - A. No.
Q. Because the other man was asking you the way to Cornhill. - A. Yes.
Prisoner's Defence. When I was taken to the watchhouse, Mr. Wanger would not take upon him to say I took the things out of the cart, nor that I was the man that dropped the parcel.

Court. The constable contradicts you there; he says he gave the exact account there as he gave here.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
