





481. 
               
                  
                     RALPH 
                     GOODALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th of July
, two seven shilling pieces and a sixpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Hedgeland
                  




               
            .

The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HEDGELAND
               



            , sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a grocer
 in Fleet-street


, the prisoner was my shopman
.
Q. Had you missed out of your till any money, and to what amount. - A. I missed money at various times to a very large amount.
Q. In consequence of that you found it necessary to apprehend the prisoner. - A. I did, on the 9th.
Q. Tell us what passed with respect of the two seven shilling pieces. - A. On the 11th of July, about four or five in the afternoon. in the presence of Mr. Dagnell and Mr. Bennett, we asked him what money he had got in his pocket, he gave us two seven shilling pieces and a sixpence out of his pocket, which he said he had taken out of my till on the 9th, he said it was all the money he had taken on that day; I looked at it, and one of the seven shilling pieces I had some recollection, there was a dot on it which I had remarked on the Wednesday in the till.
Q. Upon finding this, what did he say to you. - A. He begged for mercy, he said he had robbed me to a considerable amount. I said he could not expect mercy from me, he was one of the worst of villains, he entreated to remain in the house till Saturday, till his father or uncle came to town. On Saturday he was taken into custody.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney.
What is the name of your partners. - A. I have none.
Q. When was it you first charged the prisoner of robbing you. - A. On the 9th of July.
Q. How long was it he remained in your house before he was taken in custody by an officer. - A. From Wednesday till Saturday evening.
Q. So that he was taken before the justice on Monday morning. - A. He was.
Q. And on Friday he made this confession to you. - A. It was.
Q. Was not he kept expressly in your house for the purpose of seeing whether his father could or could not raise money enough to keep you from prosecuting him. - A. No.
Q. Upon your oath, I ask you, whether before you delivered him into the custody of the officer, you had not been treating with the father, and you could not get money enough. - A. I never was treating with his father at all.
Q. No! neither you nor your attorney. - A. No person authorised by me; I produce the seven shilling pieces.
Court. There is only one seven shilling piece that you can swear to. - A. I do not know that I can swear to it, there is the mark that I saw on it.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
