





5. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of November
, eighty pound weight of lead, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        Pamment 
                        Emmins
                     




                  , affixed to a house of his
            .
PAMMENT EMMINS. I am a bricklayer
 in Hackney Road. I have been building some new houses at Brunswick Terrace


: three are finished and leaded. On the 5th of November, I went to the houses, to give them some air. When I got to the top story, I perceived the wet come through the ceiling: I went upon the roof, and found the lead was missing from the gutters of all the three houses, except a small piece that hung over to blind my sight: by seeing that, I should haveconcluded the lead was all safe; the piece that was left was about three feet long at the end. I went into one of the kitchens of the unfinished houses, and saw some lead standing up by the kitchen wall, concealed; some boards were placed round it. I went to Mr. Armstrong and the other officers to come and watch with me. About half seven I saw a man come on the terrace: he jumped from there into the house where I saw the lead. In two or three minutes he returned with something under his arm like a bundle: he went off with the bundle. Mr. Armstrong went into the houses, and said one of the pieces of lead were gone. In about a quarter of an hour, the same man returned again: I am certain it was the same man by his walk and by his coat: I saw him jump down the same place again; the officers had placed themselves in the kitchen during the time he was gone; I took a lanthorn, and went into the empty house, and saw the prisoner in the custody of the officers: he had moved the lead three feet from where I had seen it on the same day; I am sure he is the man that was taken. I am quite clear of it. I was looking out of the one pair of stairs window when he first came; the lamp gave a light to the terrace.
Q. When you went in the kitchen, the prisoner had none of the lead about him then. - A. No, the prisoner was secured, and taken before a magistrate: on comparing the lead in the kitchen with that upon the house, they were the same in breadth and thickness; it made a complete join: I make no doubt but that it was the lead that came off my houses.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . On the night of the 5th of November, Mr. Emmins applied to me: I went with Bishop and my son to some new houses of his in Hackkney Road. I had a candle and lanthorn, and saw the lead behind the boards in the kitchen: there were two pieces; one a very large roll, and the other a small one: the timber was put over them as before; then I and Bishop went to the adjoining house: after I had been there some time, I had occasion to go through that very house where the lead was, I found one piece gone from the kitchen: then Bishop placed himself in the front kitchen, and I placed myself to command a view of the kitchen where the lead was left: in about twenty minutes I heard something; I looked and let it come into the second kitchen, where the lead was. I saw the figure of a man; I seized him, and never let him go, which was the prisoner at the bar. Bishop instantly came to me and the prosecutor; I sent him for a candle and lanthorn; I never quitted the prisoner till he got a candle and landthorn, and then the prosecutor measured the wall where the lead lodged against, from where it laid flat on the ground.
Q. What distance was that. - A. Two or three feet: he took particular notice; I requested him, he being a builder.
Q. When you last left it, and put the timber before it, it stood against the wall - A. Yes, and when I took the prisoner, it laid flat on the ground. I found this basket and a bit of a blanket at the side of the foredoor, which was not there when we went in the first time. This large piece of lead I locked up in the cupboard on the Monday; it was compared with the piece that the prosecutor produced; it matched.
Prosecutor. That is the piece I took off the house.
DANIEL BISHOP. I was present with Armstrong; I was placed in the front kitchen, and Armstrong in the back. The prisoner passed me about three yards: when I came up to him, Armstrong had hold of him.
Q. Did you notice the different situation of the lead when you left it to where it was when you apprehended the prisoner. - A. Yes; Armstrong has given a right account of it; I saw the two pieces of lead fitted; they corresponded.


                  JOSHUA 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I was with my father that night: his account and Bishop's is a correct account.
Prisoner's Defence. If my prosecutor will swear that I am the person that went over the terrace with a bundle, then I must answer for it. I was coming by the premises: necessity drove me into the premises to ease myself. I am totally innocent of any thing of the kind.
Prosecutor. He had a very quick walk, and the same coat he has now: the lamps upon the terrace gave a light; I am certain he is the man.
Prisoner. I sold my coat to 
               
                  John 
                  Lawrence
               



             in prison, and bought this coat in prison. You see my prosecutor will swear any thing.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
