





353. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of November
, a great-coat, value 2l. a pair of buckles, value 12s. and a silver tea-spoon, value 1s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Purdy
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  ISAAC 
                  NEAL
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Purdy
               



            , a broker
, in Mark-lane


; On the 4th of November last, the property was taken away from the kitchen; I saw the articles there about eight o'clock in the morning; I saw the property, in a few minutes after, in the hands of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Cox
               



            , a fellow-servant of mine, in Tower-street; the great coat and articles are my property; they were delivered to the constable, who had them in his care till about a fortnight ago; I have had them since that time. (Produces them.)
Q. What is the coat worth? - A. Two pounds.
Q. Would it sell for that? - A. No, it would not; it cost me more.
Q. You must put some value upon it? - A. I will say a pound; I think the buckles would sell for twelve shillings; the constable has got Mr. Purdy's tea-spoon.


                  RICHARD 
                  COX
               



             sworn. - I am warehouseman toMr. Purdy; On the 4th of November, I was in the warehouse, and saw the prisoner come out of my master's house with a great-coat on; I thought the coat did not belong to him, it was too long for him; I went up to him, followed him, and told him to take the coat from whence he took it; I followed him into Tower-street, and there a silver spoon dropped out of the pocket of the coat; I saw that the spoon was marked with my master's cypher, W. J. P.; he threw the coat off his back in the street, and begged me to let him go, but I brought him back to my master's yard, the buckles were in the coat-pocket; I sent for a constable, and he was taken to the Compter; this spoon has the same cypher upon it; I believe it is the same, the great-coat is the same, and the buckles I believe to be the same.


                  EDWARD 
                  ROBERTS
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, I received the property from Mr. Cox, in Mr. Purdy's kitchen; I afterwards delivered them up to Mr. Neale, and marked them.
Prisoner's defence. I leave it to the mercy of the Court.
GUILTY.




               Of stealing goods to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
