





704. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     LINES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 5th of August
, a watch, value 3 l.
            
the property of 
               
                  
                     Lemuel 
                     Lewellin
                  




               
            .


                  LEMUEL 
                  LEWELLIN
               



            . I am a carpenter
; I lived then in Change-court, in the Strand. On the 5th of August, about half past eleven at night. I met the prisoner just by the court in the Strand, we had a little conversation together; I agreed to pass the night with her at No. 3, Angel-court, Charing-cross


.
Q. Did you go to bed to her - A. I did; I wound my watch up in her presence and put it in my small clothes pocket; we went to bed; she would not take her clothes off; in the course of a few minutes she said she was very dry, she went down to get some gin and beer; when she went out for the gin she said take care of your smallclothes; she put them on the bed and I put them under my head, under the sacking; in the morning when I awoke the watch and the prisoner was gone. I have seen the watch since.
- HUMPHRIES. I am an officer of Bow-street. I apprehended the prisoner; I found the watch in her pocket.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. He took me to this court, I did not like to stop there; he said take care of that watch; I know your landlandy and her daughter. He came up in the morning and brought an officer; I said have you come after the property, I have got it for you.
Humphries. When I got round the bed I told her I should pull her out if she did not get out quick; I asked her where her pockets were; she said she had none; I said I should find them. She took the pockets out, I took the watch out with my left hand; I said, slow that then; she said he gave her the watch last night to take care of; I asked him, he said not.



               GUILTY
            , aged 47.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
