





622. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GENOU
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of October
, six-silver tea spoons, value 15 s. a silver table spoon, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Gosling
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Esther 
                        Genou
                     



.


                  ANN 
                  GOSLING
               



             sworn. I live in Oxendon-street On the 20th of October I rented a room in the prisoners' mother's house; my husbands name is George Gosling, he is a muffin baker
.
Q. When did you lose these articles. - A. O the 10th of October; the prisoner was son to my landlady.
Q. What time of the day had you seen these thing - A. I had seen them on the fourteenth.
Q. Had you been absent from home between the 14th and the 20th. - A. Yes; to put my furniture in. On the 20th, about six or seven o'clock in the evening I entered the room, I found the things were gone.
Q. Did you have your room door locked. - A Yes.
Q. Had the padlock been forced or picked. - A. The door was not forced, I found they were both locked; when I come I cannot say, whether he got in at the door or at the window, it was in the front garret.
Q. How was the window fastened. - A. The window had no fastening at all.
Q. When did you see your things again. - A. The next day.
Q. I suppose you know nothing of your own knowledge, that this man took them. - A. I cannot say.
GEORGE DONALDSON sworn. Q. You are a constable of St. Martin's in the Fields, did you apprehend the prisoner. - A. I went with a search warrant to No. 45, Wardour-street.
Q. Who lives there - A. Mr. Genou; the prisoner's mother is the house keeper.
Q.(to prosecutrix) Is that the house that you had the room in. - A. Yes.
Donaldson. I searched the prisoner's bed room as I supposed; I found nothing in that room, I then went down to the landlady, Mrs. Genou, to enquire where her son worked.
Q. Did you go to the prisoner. - A. Yes, I told him that I wanted him to go home with me to be present when I searched his bed room; in the shop where I took him, I asked him if he had any keys, with that he pulled out these keys, he said these are all the keys I have; he went home to his bed room with me; I searched his person, I found these two duplicates, one of a table spoon, and six tea spoons; the other duplicates is two sheets, and two table cloths.
Q. Did you get any thing by these duplicates. - A. Yes, the prosecutrix, as soon as I got the duplicates, she was very much alarmed indeed; the pawnbroker has got the spoons and all the property. I then told the prosecutrix to bring me the padlock; I tried these keys, they would not open it; I said to the prisoner where is the key you opened the padlock with, he said I lost it.
Prisoner. I deny it.
Donaldson. I am quite sure that he said that, my brother officer is here that heard the same; this other key is the key of the bed room door, and this key will open the room where the prosecutrix's things are; it opens the front, and the back garret, this key was in the back garret door.
Prisoner's Q. Can you solmnly swear that I told you that I had lost the key that opened the padlock. - A. You did, you told me that you had lost the key, that I swear to.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LANCASTER
               



             sworn. I am a pawnbroker's apprentice, No. 5, Little Pultney-street.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar. - A. He is the person from whom I took the things in; I know him perfectly well, I took these things on him, on the 20th of October; there are six tea spoons, a table spoon, two sheets, and two table cloths. I advanced him two pound ten shilling on them. The property produced and identified by the prosecutrix.
Prisoner's Defence. On the day that these things were missing, I came home on the latter part of the afternoon in liquor. I was going up to bed, I tumbled against the prosecutor's door; on tumbling down I felt my head soft upon something, I got up with it, and went down the street, I went to this pawnbroker's and pawned them for two pound ten shillings, I was very much intoxicated in liquor at the time.
GUILTY, aged 22.
Of 


               stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
