





63. 
               
                  
                     LAWRENCE 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of October
, three boots, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Moggeridge
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  MOGGERIDGE
               



            . I am a boot-maker
, No. 101 Fleet-street


.
Q. Did you lose three boots on the 25th of October. A. On that night a number of boots were unfortunately lost. I was burnt out that night.
Q. When did you see these boots again. - A.About.a fortnight ago, when I was sent for to Hatton Garden.


                  THOMAS 
                  BAYLISS
               



            . I am a constable. I searched the prisoner's apartment upon another occasion, on the 5th of November; I found these three boots under the prisoner's bed; the prisoner was in prison at the time I searched the lodgings; he said that he lodged there, and he told me it was his bed. I knew them to be Mr. Moggridge's; there is the name in full length, except in one boot the name is scratched out.


                  JAMES 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 5th of November we were called in upon another service; after we had taken the prisoner and the other people that were in the room to prison, I went back with Mr. Bayliss and found the boots. The prisoner first told me that he picked them up in the street on the morning the fire was; afterwards he told me they were given to him by a man from a window of a house where the fire was.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. The gentleman owned that he handed a great many pair of boots out into the street.
Prosecutor. I did not touch a boot. There were most likely a great number of friends that assisted.
PATRICK M'CONNER. He said he brought them from the fire, they were handed to him there to keep for the owner.
THOMAS DALEY. I lodged in the same room. Smith brought the boots in he said he had them from a man in Fleet-street at the time of the fire; he desired that if any body called for them at his lodgings to give them the boots.
Q. Was it the day the fire happened that he brought the boots. - A. No, it was not; he was only five nights there.
M'Conner. It was the day week after the fire.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
