





521. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               




             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 4th of July
, about the hour of eleven in the night, being in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Payne
                        




                     
                  , feloniously did steal a coat, value 3s. a pair of breeches, value 14s. three waistcoats, value 8s. a jacket, value 3s. a shirt, value 3s. a silk handkerchief, value 2s. a pair of shoes, value 3s. a pair of stockings, value 1s. and a towel, value 6d. the property of the said Samuel, in the same dwelling-house, and having so committed the said felony, about the same hour, the said dwelling-house burglariously did break to get out of the same
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  PAYNE
               



             sworn. - My husband is a waterman
; the prisoner came to us as an apprentice
 on liking; he was only with us a week: On Sunday afternoon, the 4th of July, I gave him liberty to go to his uncle's to get some clean linen; he came back about half after nine at night; our eldest apprentice came home about the same time; they had their suppers; my husband and I had our suppers, and went to bed about half past ten, after seeing the fires all out; about six o'clock the next morning, the eldest apprentice, James Arnold, came to the room, and desired me to get up, for he was robbed.
Q. Were they your husband's things or your apprentice's that were taken? - 
               A. 
            They were my husbands, he finds them all in clothes; I got up, and went to look for the prisoner, and found him in the Borough, with part of the things upon his back; I took him to Mr. Brown, the constable.
ROBERT BROWN sworn. - I am an officer; I took charge of the prisoner; part of the clothes I found upon him; he directed me to a public-house, where I found the rest.
(The property was produced, and identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I have nothing to say for myself. GUILTY, aged 18.




               Of stealing goods, but not of breaking out of the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
