





214. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HANSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of January
, twenty yards of carpeting, value 39s.
             the property of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Gwillim
               




            .
RICHARD GWILLIM sworn. - I am a broker
: On the 22d of January last, the prisoner at the bar stole a roll of carpeting from my house; I did not see him take it.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Gwillim: I was in the opposite shop; we keep two shops the bottom of Harp-alley, Fleet-market; I saw the prisoner come into the shop, and my young master said, mind him, I think he has taken something up; I directly went out and saw the carpeting under his arm; he was going away with it across Fleet-market; I went and secured him, with the property under his arm; I took the property from him; he never stirred or made any resistance at all; I am sure it is my master's property, I offered it to a customer about an hour before; I have kept it sealed up just as I took it from him.
Jury. Q. What time of the day did this transaction happen? - A.Between two and three o'clock in the afternoon.


                  HENRY 
                  ROGERS
               



             sworn. - The alarm was given by a smith that a person had taken the property out of the shop; I saw the prisoner about two doors from Mr. Gwillim's, and I followed him and laid hold of his collar, and he dropped a part of the carpeting upon the ground, and the other was under his arm; Smith came and picked it up; the whole property was delivered up to Smith, and he brought it back to the shop.
Mr. Gwillim. My shop mark is on this carpeting, and my son's mark, and here is "Lot 120," which I bought at a sale.
- TILLCOCK sworn. - On coming up Fleet-market, about three o'clock, there was a charge given about the carpeting; I took the man to the Compter, that is all I know about it.
Prisoner's defence. I was out of employment, and was standing up Fleet market, and a genteel man came up to me and asked me if I would carry the carpet for him, I took it up under my arm, and I missed the man all at once; I am innocent of the robbery; I have a wife and family.



               GUILTY
            , aged 41. - 


               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
