






283. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MUNDAY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LANDSDOWN, alias 
SWIFT





               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of April
, two saddles, value 30 s. three bridles, value 10 s. a martingale, value 1 s. and a cart harness, value 25 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Moss
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MOSS
               



             sworn. I live at Charley Heath, near Rumford, Essex


, I lost the property in the indictment on the 4th of April.
Q. Was the stable door open. - A. It had been unlocked and locked again on the Thursday night, and it was missed on the Friday when I got up; I went into the garden, I found a collar, I went to the stable and perceived these things were gone;the next day, Saturday the 5th of April, I saw them at Griffiths's, the officer, at Hackney, I know them to be mine.
Q. Do you know any thing of these persons. - A. I have seen one of them on the road.


                  DAVID 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. I am constable of Hackney. On Friday the 4th of April I was called up a little after six o'clock in the morning, by a young man who is in court, he said there were two suspicious men on the road with bags on their backs.
Q. Did you see the prisoners. - A. Yes, at Dalston, I overtook them there, I borrowed a horse of the groom and got up to them; I said to them, gentlemen I am an officer, I must see what you have got in these bags, they each dropped his bag, and the prisoner Munday struck me a blow on the mouth with his fist, I struck him with a cutlass that I had in my hand on his head, his hat came off, and they both ran, they were pursued by some witnesses that I have here; I found the bags contained two saddles, three bridles, a martingale, and harness for a chaise cart.
Q. When the prisoners were stopped, did they give any account of themselves. - A. They did not, I took them back to Hackney and had them confined; I searched Landsdown and found nothing on him; this box he threw away, another witness will explain that.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. I am a constable of Hackney, I was called up by 
               
                  David 
                  Griffiths
               



            , I pursued after these men and overtook them at Dalston; I saw the two bags lay upon a hat at Dalston in the road.
Q. Who had the hat. - A. 
               
                  David 
                  Griffiths
               



            ; when he struck Munday, the hat fell off, they contained what my brother mentioned, my brother called me to come forward, one of the prisoners was brought back in a few minutes, I took him into a public house and searched him; on him I found two little bags, which contained these skeleton keys, which I I now produce.
Q. Are they skeleton keys. - A. Yes, they were found on Munday.
Q. How soon afterwards did you see Moss the prosecutor. - A. He came on the Saturday afternoon to my brother's office and claimed the things; I found two keys amongst these skeleton keys that would unlock the stable door.


                  ROBERT 
                  TREBLE
               



             sworn. I am a gentleman's servant, I live 
at Walthamstow.
Q. Did you see these two prisoners at the five mile stone going up to Walthamstow. - A. Yes, a quarter before six o'clock in the morning; they asked me what time of the morning it was, I told them about a quarter to six, I came on and passed Lee Bridge, my brother was with me then, I passed on towards Clapton; then the man at Lee Bridge come up, he communicated something to me, I went forward and found Griffiths, and called him up; while Griffiths was getting up I went forward to see whether they were coming through Hackney, I was informed they were pursuing the Dalston road, Griffiths and and I pursued after them, I lent him one of my horses, I saw Griffiths speak to them, and I saw Munday strike him, they both run; Griffiths said I must pursue them, as he could not leave the property, I pursued after them, they had dropped their bags; the prisoners ran into a field, I went after them, one was secured at the end of the field, and the other further on; I called out to Mr. Botts, Stop thief, they were both taken; when Mr. Botts came up to them both the prisoners drawed their knives, they swore that if he attempted to touch them they would run the knife in him; Munday was going over the style at the end of the field, Mr. Botts then caught hold of his coat and pulled him back, and another man come to his assistance, who took the knife out of his hand; then I pursued after Landsdown by myself, and at the end of two fields I come up to him, he had his knife drawn in his hand then; just before I come to take hold of him I perceived that he chucked something away over some low paling of a poor person's cottage.
Q. Did you find it. - A. I picked it up after the man was secured, it turned out to be a phosphorus box, and one of the matches in it had been lighted, when I came up to him he was standing with his knife drawn at me, I kicked his heels up and threw him down, there was then nobody by but myself, he was turning on the ground, I struck him on the hand, and the knife dropped out, I got him up, I I told him his companion was taken, he struck me on the side, he was going to knock me down, when another man came up and he was secured.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  LAWRENCE
               



             sworn. I am the collector of Lee Bridge turnpike. About six o'clock on Friday morning two men passed the gate, they are the prisoners, they had large backs on their bags and they seemed very heavy, and they appeared very much tired; they went up the road, about a quarter of a mile, there they rested, and then went on to Clapton; I joined in the pursuit, when I overtook them the bags laid on the ground.
- BOWMAN sworn. On Thursday night I saw the stable was secured.
- BOTTS sworn. I live at Dalston. As I was passing over the fields I secured Munday, I heard the cry of Stop thief; I produce a knife, he swore he would run that knife into me if I attempted to stop him.
Munday's Defence. It is of no use for me to say any thing, there is not one of them but has false-swore himself.
Landsdown said nothing in his defence.
Neither of the prisoners called any witnesses to character.
MUNDAY - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 34.
LANDSDOWN - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
