





708. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     ATKINS
                  , alias 
SHEARMAN





             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of September
, seventy yards of calico, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Powdich
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JAMES
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Powdich, from information I received from 
               
                  Robert 
                  Murrell
               



            , I immediately went out of the shop, and pursued the prisoner; I overtook her in Gray's-inn-lane; I took hold of her, and she dropped the print out of her apron on the ground, I took it up, it is Mr. Powdich's property; I had seen them in the morning in the shop. I produce them.
Q. What is the value of them? - A. Three pounds ten shillings; Mr. Powdich pays the rent and taxes for the house; he has two houses; Mr. Sands lives in the house, he is the foreman.
Q. It is not Mr. Powdich's dwelling house? - A. No, he does not live there, it is Mr. Powdich's house.
Cross-examined by Mr. Pollock. Q. Do you know where these goods were at the time they were stolen? - A. Yes, they were at the door.
Q. Were they inside or outside of the door? - A. Rather of the inside.
Q. You did not see the prisoner in the shop at all? - A. No.
Q. How do you know the goods are Mr. Powdich's - what mark is there upon them? - A. The ticket I wrote upon them and the print was in the same fold as they were when we put them to the door.
Q. You cannot swear to a fold, you must swear to some mark? - A. They had a ticket upon them of my own writing.
Q. They hung out of the covering of the door, if the door had been shut they would have been outside of that covering? - A. No, the door could not be shut; they were partly inside and partly out; they were on a pile on a chair, they were exactly on the threshold.


                  ROBERT 
                  MURRELL
               



             sworn. - I was coming from the city past this door; I saw the prisoner take this print up, but I did not know that she had taken them without leave; she took them off a pile of goods on a chair, the chair was standing at the threshold of the door; I saw her run with them, and saw her brought back.
Mr. Pollock. Q. Was she alone? - A. She was alone.
GUILTY, aged 23,




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
