





205. 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     MASON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of January
, a silver table-spoon, vaue 8s. a tea-spoon, value 1s. 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza 
                           Price
                        




                     
                  ; a cloak, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Dymond
                        



                     
                  ; a hat, value 5s. and an oil skin hat case, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  George 
                  Lane
               



            .


                  ELIZA 
                  PRICE
               



             sworn. - I live in Leicester-square, but know nothing of the robery; I lost one tablespoon and one tea-spoon. 
               
                  MARY 
                  DYMOND
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mrs. Price: I know nothing of the robbery, but lost a cloak, which I lent to my fellow servant.


                  GEORGE 
                  LANE
               



             sworn. - I am servant
 to the Rev. Mr. Howe, No. 9, Leicester-square, at Mrs. Price's; the hat is mine.


                  HESTER 
                  BURRELL
               



             sworn. - I live servant with Mrs. Price: About eight o'clock on Sunday morning, I went into the kitchen, and saw the prisoner at the closet-door with a spoon in his hand; I asked him who he wanted, and told him, if he did not lay the spoon down I would call for assistance; he then run up the area steps, and got over the gate; I followed him up, and called, stop thief; Richard Strickland, the milkman, run after him, and brought him back; he was taken to the watch-house and searched, and the table-spoon, tea spoon, the cloak, and hat, were found on him.


                  RICHARD 
                  STRICKLAND
               



             sworn. - I am a milkman; on Sunday, the 9th, a little after eight o'clock, I was going into Leicester-square, and heard the cry of stop thief; I saw the prisoner coming from Mrs. Price's house, and saw the servant calling out stop that man, he has stole our spoons; he passed me, and I pursued him into Whitecombe-street; I took him back to Mrs. Price's, and then to the watch-house; he was searched, and the property found on him.


                  RICHARD 
                  LEWIS
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, and produce the property found on the prisoner.(The articles produced and identified.)
Prisoner. I have no defence to make, but leave it to the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
