





426. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JEWELL
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, in the 4th of March
, two sticks of Spanish juice, value 8d. and four figs of stone blue, value 4d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Percival 
                     North
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hoare
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Nanson
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Simpson
                  



               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  RICHARD 
                  HASLAM
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am in the service of Messrs. North and Company: In consequence of information that we received, I marked some stick liquorice; I saw two sticks of stick liquroice, and four bags of stone blue, in Mr. North's stable; Jewell was sent out with his cart: immediately upon his being gone, I went to see if the stick liquorice was there or not, and it was gone.
Q. When was this? - A. On the 4th of March, from four to five o'clock; I then followed the prisoner up Ludgate-hill as fast as I could, till I got to St. Paul's Church Yard


, and there I saw him with a person of the name of Brettell, who was on horseback; when they came by the dome, they drew up the cart, Jewell got out of the cart, and the man got off the horse; I then directly stepped into Mr. Hunlock's, the surgeon's door, I was then opposite to them; I saw Jewell give Brettell something in paper twice; just at that time six or eight drays came along, which prevented me from seeing them; when it was clear again, I saw nobody but Jewell's boy holding Brettell's horse; when they returned, I spoke to Jewell, and asked him how he could stop so long; he said he had met a particular friend of his, and had been to drink with him; I turned round to Brettell, and said, are you an old acquaintance of his; he said, yes, he had known him a great while; I said, then I must begleave to stroke you down; he said, I might and welcome; accordingly I did, and out of his pockets I took these two sticks of Spanish liquorice, and four figs of stone blue.
Q. Has one of those pieces of Spanish juice any mark upon it? - A. Yes; there is an R upon one of them; I asked Brettell how he came by it, and he said Jewell gave it him; I then asked Jewell how he came by it, and he said he had taken it from his master's warehouse.
Cross-examined by Mr. Garney. Q. What did you say to him before he said that? - A. Nothing more than I have stated.
Q. Did he say he took it out of his master's warehouse, or that he found it in the stable? - A. To the best of my recollection, he positively said he had taken it out of the warehouse.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40. - 


               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
