





484. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SINGER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th of August
, a purse, value 6 d. and six pieces of foreign coin, called double pistoles, value 9 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Frederick 
                     Weise
                  




               
            .
FREDERIC WEISE sworn. On Saturday the 9th of August I was going through the Park, by Buckingham Gate, going home between nine and ten o'clock, I met the prisoner at the bar, I passed her, I turned round and looked after her, she asked me to take a walk with her; we went over the way and had something to drink, we then went into the Park again, and going through the gate that leads to William-street


, by some means or other she drew out my purse with the money; I asked her for the money, she denied having it, I offered her half a guinea to let me have the money, she said she had it not.
Q. What was in your purse. - A. Six double louis d'ors, they are called so in Prussia; two soldiers came by at the time, I spoke to them as well as I could, I said she had robbed me, the soldiers were with me, when I came into William street she asked to go into a public house, I said no, I had another public house where I liked, where the two soldiers lodged, the Two Brewers, she rather objected to go in there, I with the two soldiers gave her a sudden pull and drew her in.
Q. Was she searched. - A. The landlord sent for a constable, I do not know whether she was searched or no; when the constable returned with the woman he had the money.


                  THOMAS 
                  RENNY
               



             sworn. I am a constable; I was sent for to the Two Brewers, Brewer street, Westminster, just before ten o'clock on the 9th of August; I found there the prisoner at the bar, the soldiers, and the prosecutor, I certainly did take the prisoner out and rub her down, I looked very hard in her face, she said Renny if you will go out with me I will tell you where the property is; she took me two hundred yards, lifted up her petticoats, and was going to drop the things in my hand, I took the money and returned with the prisoner, and I asked the gentleman to tell what it was; he described the purse and the gold pieces, I produce them.
Prosecutor. It is my purse, and the sort of money that I lost.
Prisoner's Defence. I took the money up from the place by the prisoner's side. I at first denied I had it; as soon as the constable was charged with me I delivered it to him.




               GUILTY
            , aged 25.
Of stealing, but not privily from the person.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Sutton
               



            .
