





737. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DANIELS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of July
, a watch, value 3 l. 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Tester
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  JAMES 
                  TESTER
               



            . I am a pipe maker
, Crown-court, Rosemary-lane


. On the 21st of July, about three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came into my house, I had laid my watch down on the table; I was putting on my breeches; I stood against the window on the side of the door, he did not see me; my street door was open, when he came in I said what do you want friend, he said he had come to thank me for giving him some short pipes; I told him that I never saw him, and I did not know that ever I gave him any pipes; I turned myself and thought he was gone in the road. I went to speak to one of my boys in the burning room I heard this man's voice immediately; I turned and said to him what do you want; he said I will treat you for giving me some short pipes; I told him I was going out, I could not be treated, but I thought he was a thief. I said where are you going; he said he would go to the Two Brewers, I sent him there. Then he went away and I missed my watch, I ran down directly to the public house, he was not there, but from information I went again to the public house, and there he sat; I told him if he would come to my house I would give him some more short pipes, if I had ever given him any. He came to my house, I gave him in charge of an officer; the officer found the watch.
Q. What parish is this house in - A. In the parish of St. Mary, Whitechapel; I rent the house.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I am an officer. On the 21st of July, about half past three, the prosecutor sent for me, he gave me charge of the prisoner for stealing his watch; the prisoner told me that he met a woman in the street that gave him the watch, and that he had left it with Mr. Lowther; he went with me and pointed out Mr. Lowther's house. Mr. Lowther delivered me the watch.


                  RICHARD 
                  LOWTHER
               



            . On the 21st of July, between three and four o'clock, the prisoner came to me with a watch; he told me to take care of it till he called for it; the watch is in possession of the officer.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I was very much intoxicated; I do not know any thing about it.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 38.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
