






708. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  STIRLING
               




             and 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  TOONE
               




             were indicted for 


               making an assault in a certain field, and open place, near the King's highway, upon 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Botterell
                        



                     
                  , spinster

, on the 7th of September
, putting her in fear, and taking from her person, four shirts, value 22s. and a pair of stockings, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Botterell
               



            .


                  ANN 
                  BOTTERELL
               



             sworn. - Q. How old are you? - A.Twelve, I live in Cumberland-row, lslington: Last Tuesday fortnight, about half-past six in the morning, I was going from Islington to the City-gardens, with a bundle of shirts, and things to be washed; I was going down Islingtonfield


, and the two prisoners came up to me, and helped me over a gate, and then there was a passage, and they told me to go and fetch out a little girl; I would not go, and they pushed me into the house; both of them gave me a slap of the face, and shut the door; they then ran away with my bundle; I then screamed out, and they were pursued and taken.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Do you know, at all, the nature of an oath? - A. To speak the truth.
Q. Do you know what will become of you, if you do not speak the truth? - A. Go to hell.
Q. Were you at all struck, or hurt, till after your bundle was taken from you? - A.The man in the brown coat first laid hold of the bundle; I cried out, and then they both gave me a slap of the face.
Court. Q. Did you receive the slap of the face before you parted with the bundle, or afterwards? - A. He had the bundle, and I had hold of it.
Q. You were withinside the house at the time the bundle was taken from you? - A. Yes.


                  MARY 
                  BOTTERELL
               



             sworn. - I can only prove the property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEARNE
               



             sworn. - I was taking a walk in the fields between six and seven o'clock, and saw the two prisoners, one of them I knew particularly well; I saw them follow a little girl down a lane; I presently heard her scream out very loud; I turned round, and saw the prisoner running, and in an instant heard the cry of stop him, stop him; they were pursued and taken; I saw the bundle in the possession of one of them as he ran.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You weremerely taking a walk? - A. I was looking for champilions.
Q.How far were you from them when you saw them running? - A.About 100 yards.
- sworn. - I was at work at the Pyed Bull stables in Islington; I saw the two prisoners pass; I heard an alarm of stop thief; I went after them, and overtook them; they came back with me voluntarily, and I took them to the watch-house.
- HAYDON sworn. - I live in the City-gardens: On the 7th of September, I saw the prisoner, Stirling, and another, I cannot swear to the other, about half past six in the morning, I heard a child scream; I then observed Stirling with a bundle in his hand; they passed me about fifty yards; I then heard an alarm given, and immediately called out, stop thief; Stirling then dropped the bundle, I ran after them, but they outran me.
ROBERT-BURKIT WYATT sworn. - I was on horseback with my father; we met the prisoners before the alarm; they then had a bundle with them, I am perfectly sure the two prisoners are the persons; we pursued them till they were taken.


                  GEORGE 
                  MAYNE
               



             sworn. - I was in the Citygardens repairing an old fence; I heard the child cry out, I went out, and saw two men running; I cried, stop them, and followed them till they dropped the bundle; I picked it up, and delivered it to the mother.(Nelson Stratton, an officer, produced the property, which was identified by Mrs. Botterell.)
The prisoners left their defence to their Counsel.
The prisoner, Toone, called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Stirling, GUILTY, aged 20.
Of 


               stealing, but not violently
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Toone, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 15.





               Confined six months in the House of Correction
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
