





164. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SAMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of January
, between the hours of eleven and twelve at night, four sheets value 18 s. four table-cloths, value 12 s. four shifts, value 8 s. two women's bed-gowns, value 5 s. three petticoats, value 15 s. a muslin gown, value 8 s. six caps, value 6 s. a pair of pockets, value 6 d. six pair of stockings, value 6 s. four neck-handkerchiefs, value 5 s. a pocket-handkerchief, value 6 d. and two silver spoons, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Martin
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MARTIN
               



             sworn. - I am a gardener
, and live at Mill-Bank


: I am only come to prove the property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NEALE
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman: On Wednesday morning, between the hours of twelve and one, the 18th of January, I saw the prisoner in Mill-Bank street, sitting on the steps of a door; it rained very hard; she had a bundle under her cloak; I went up to her, and asked her what made her sit there; she said she came off the Bank; she had been washing at a laundress's, was tired, and could go no farther; I took the bundle from her, and put it in my box.
Q. Did she go away? - A. Yes; she went away, and promised to meet me the next morning at the watch-box; said she would call again for the things before seven o'clock; I went off the watch at seven o'clock; she did not come as she had promised; the next day I took the things to the Justice in Queen's Square; I delivered them up to one of the officers there; she came to me on Wednesday night at the watch-box for the things, and I took her into custody.


                  THOMAS 
                  REDHEAD
               



             sworn. - On the 18th of January the watchman came to me, and informed me he had some wet linen; I took charge of it.


                  EDWARD 
                  GREEN
               



             sworn. - On Wednesday night, the 18th of January, between the hours of nine and ten o'clock, 
               
                  William 
                  Neale
               



            , the watchman, came to me, and told me the prisoner had robbed somebody; I took her into custody; and going along to the watch-house she gave me two spoons.


                  JAMES 
                  LYE
               



             sworn. - On the 18th of January I received information of Mr. Martin that he had been robbed of a quantity of linen, and going up to the office I heard there was a bundle there in the hands of Redhead; I immediately applied to Mr. Martin, and told him I had discovered part of his property; I desired him to come down to the Magistrate; the prisoner was not in custody that night; it had been put in water, and very dirty; and began to stink; I thought the property not fit to be put into the hands of any one, so my wife condescended to wash it.


                  THOMAS 
                  FULLER
               



             sworn. - I am a servant to Mr. Martin.
Q. Were you at home on the night of the 17th of January? - A. I was; I fastened the wash-house door about ten o'clock: I did not get up the next morning till about eight o'clock; the wash-house adjoins the house; there is a little loft above it, tiled over.


                  MARY 
                  WEBB
               



             sworn. - I am an unfortunate girl: the prisoner gave me a table-cloth to pledge, some day last month, I cannot recollect the day; I saw her but once before; I met her in Whitcomb-street; she asked me if I could tell her where she could sleep; she said she was turned out of her lodgings; I told her there were several in the street she could have for money; when she came to the house she said she had no money; she left her petticoat in pawn with the master of the house for her lodging; the day after I saw her coming down stairs in the same house; she told me she had been to her aunt's, and her aunt had given her some butter, eggs, cheese, and meat; her aunt, she said, was going to advertise for a place for her; she said she was very tired the night before, (this was on a Wednesday, I believe about nine o'clock in the morning,) and had lost her shoes; she said she had no money; had left a bundle of dirty things with the watchman, and asked me if I would pledge a table-cloth for her, to pay the watchman, and get her shoes.
Q. What table-cloth was it? - A. A large one.
Q. What did she say about the watchman? - A. She said she left the bundle of dirty things with the watchman the night before, because she was so tired; I pawned the table-cloth in Long-Acre for 8 s. and gave her the money.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOODENOUGH
               



             sworn. - I was constable of the night on the 18th of January; the prisoner was brought to me on a charge of a robbery; I searched her, and found some articles and an umbrella in her hand, and a cloak which she had on; I went up to the house where she lodged, and there I found another cloak; Mr. Green wentwith me to the pawnbroker's, and took out the things that were pledged, at Mr. Cording's, Green-street, Leicester-fields.


                  THOMAS 
                  MARTIN
               



             sworn. - I live with Mr. Cording, a pawn-broker, and produce a tablecloth that was pawned for 8 s. and a tea-spoon, for 2 s. I don't know the prisoner; it was pawned by the witness Webb, in the name of Mary Saunders; I believe it was in the morning of the 18th of January.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HARRIS
               



             sworn. - I am a washerwoman, and went to Mr. Martin's, on Wednesday morning, about two o'clock; I found the gate and wash-house door open; I thought the maid was up.
(Mr. Martin looks at the articles stolen, and identifies them all, excepting the cloaks; values them at between 4 and 5 l.)
The prisoner did not say any thing in her defence.
GUILTY, aged 22,
Of 


               stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Hotham
               



            .
