





174. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of February
, thirty-six handkerchiefs, value 3l. 9s. a yard and a quarter of linen cloth, value 7s. 6d. twenty-four yards of muslin, value 3l. 10s. 6d. two pieces of diaper, value 2l. 3s. eighteen damask napkins, value 6l. thirty-one yards of other linen cloth, value 4l. 13s. a table-cloth, value 14s. and four yards of other muslin, value 10s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Brown
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Bacon
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Brown
                     



.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn. - I am a linen-draper
, in Leadenhall-street


, the prisoner was my porter
: On Wednesday, the 5th of this month, it was discovered, between one and two o'clock, by my young man.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BURFORD
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Brown: A gentleman called to know what empty chests we had; I told him Mr. Brown would be in in a few minutes, but he did not come in so soon as I expected; the prisoner came in in the interim; I desired him to go and shew the gentleman what chests we had in the cellar; Mr. Brown not being returned I went down with the gentleman myself; the prisoner said, there was but one chest that would suit the gentleman, and that was in the front cellar; I told him in the coal cellar there were some boxes that he might look at, but they were not of the description he wanted; I wentinto the coal cellar, I said to the prisoner, here is one that will answer the gentleman's purpose; the prisoner took hold of this chest, and said it was broke all to pieces; I told him, from what I saw of it, it had no such appearance, and desired he would immediately pull it out; he immediately pulled it out with vioience, as if he would have thrown it upon our heads almost; I said, your behaviour is very extraordinary, could not you have thrown it as well upon the coals as upon us in that rude way; in getting the box out, there appeared to be something that impeded him very much, and I put the candle over his shoulder to see what it might be; I discovered upon that, a large parcel tied up in brown paper; I told him he might come up stairs, and perhaps the two boxes might suit the gentleman; in coming up stairs the person paid me for the two boxes, and Mr. Bacon sent the prisoner out immediately on a message; instead of going out, as he was desired, he returned immediately into the cellar, and came up again; Mr. Brown was returned, and I informed him of what I had seen; the prisoner came up again, and went of his message; I informed Mr. Brown of what had passed, and he returned with me to the cellar; the parcel was then thrown upon the other side of the coals, at the extremity of the cellar, with eleven yards of Irish without any paper; when the prisoner came in, Mr. Brown desired him to go and fetch up those two chests, the gentleman would send for them; Mr. Brown returned into the cellar with me, and desired him to fetch out that large parcel on the other side of the coals; he told him he saw none; Mr. Brown told him, if he would look he would see it fast enough, he could see it; upon which the prisoner went over the coals, and brought out two parcels, and we desired him to bring them up stairs; Mr. Brown immediately cut them open, and discovered the things mentioned in the indictment,(repeating them); except a part of them, which were in his box up stairs; the value altogether is about twenty pounds; the damask napkins were all in one piece, worth about six pounds, they are the property of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Brown
               



             and 
               
                  Edward 
                  Bacon
               



            ; Mr. Brown only lives in the house; the constable was sent for, and his box searched, but I did not go up stairs; he was then taken into custody, and carried to the Mansion-house; there were no other servants but one maid servant in the house; I had missed these articles, and spoke to the prisoner, for three weeks or a month before this happened, about them.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. How long have you lived with Mr. Brown? - A. Thirty odd years.
Q. The prisoner has lived some time with Mr. Brown? - A. Since September, or thereabouts.
Q. In all probability these things were taken at different times? - A. Most likely.
Q. Mr. Hunter has a share in the business, has he not? - A. No; he has been dead a good many years.
Q. Has not he a son in the business? - A. No.
Q. Have you not laid things in the way of the prisoner in order to detect him? - A. No; I never had the smallest reason to suspect him.
Q. I believe you have left an iron chest open, and not missed any thing? - A. No.
Q. Was not the prisoner in the habit of buying things of you? - A. He did buy one shirt, and one neckcloth, and one handkerchief, but he did not pay for them; he was to pay for them when he received his wages.


                  CHARLES 
                  BUCKLAND
               



             sworn. - I am a constable. (Produces the property, which was deposed to by Burford and the prosecutor).
Brown. I went up stairs with the constable, and saw the prisoner's box opened, he unlocked it himself; it contained balck silk handkerchief, remnants of Irish, and muslin handkerchiefs; I sealed them up by the direction of the Lord-Mayor, and the constable has had them till now.
Prisoner's defence. The parcel that was in the cellar I knew nothing at all about; and as for my box, it was not locked, there was no lock upon it.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY. (Aged 23.)




               Of stealing goods to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
