





478. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               felolioniously stealing, on the 11th of May
, a silk handkerchief, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Wall
                     




                  , privily from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WALL
               



             sworn. - On Monday, the 11th of May, about half past three o'clock, I was going past Charing-Cross


, putting a wafer in a letter in the street; I was going to put it in the Post-office; there was a great crowd; I had a silk handkerchief in my right hand pocket; about ten minutes after I missed my handkerchief: On Tuesday one of the Bow-street officers was in at the Hope public-house, at Charing-cross; I described my handkerchief to him; he said there was such a one, and if I would come on the next Monday morning I should have it; I went to Bow-street, and found my property; I never saw the prisoner till I saw him at Bow-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLACKMAN
               



             sworn - I am an officer at Bow-street: On Monday, the 11th of May, 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Thomas
               



            , belonging to the 19th light dragoons, brought the prisoner to me at Bow-street, about four o'clock in the afternoon; I searched him, and took this handkerchief out of his breeches,(produces it); I found these two handkerchiefs in the crown of his hat, (produces them); he confessed they were neither of them his own, except this one.
Wall. I know this to be my handkerchief, I have had it these two years, I generally wear it round my neck in a morning; we were pulling our house to pieces, and here is a mark of the lime and dirt in the creases now; I can positively swear it is my handkerchief.
Prisoner's defence. I picked them up in the street. GUILTY aged 19.
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
