





64. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BURNETT
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of October
, a cotton gown, value 7 s. a petticoat, value 2 s. a cloak, value 3 s. a candlestick, value 2 s. and several other articles
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Price
                  




               
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  PRICE
               



             sworn. - I know the prisoner On Saturday morning, the 20th of October, she came into my room as I was at work; my gown and skin were laying on the chair, my black cloak hung one hook on the door, and the brass candlestick was one shelf along with several more; when my work wasdone, I got up to put the gown and skirt on, and they were gone; I am in the watch business, and being Saturday I was in a hurry, and did not observe her.
Q. How long after she was in the room did you miss them? - A. Not above a quarter of an hour.
Q. How long did she stay in the room? - A.Not long; she seemed in a tremble, and frightened, I do not know for why; I went down stairs to see if I could see her in the yard, I could not see her come up again; I had not been up long before two ladies came to ask for my lodger; I said, my lodger is not at home, for she has robbed me; one of the gentlewomen was the woman that gave her a character when she took the room of me; then she said, she has robbed this gentlewoman of the furniture of a four-post bed; I went down into the court, and sent for a constable; she never returned till the officer took her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SPICER
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, I know the prisoner, I went in search of her, I found her on Tuesday, the 23d, in the afternoon, going up Goswell-street; I saw her sitting on some stones by the road-side; I apprehended her with this gown on, (producing it;) I searched her, I found a few more duplicates besides what she had left behind in the lodging at Mrs. Price's, I found them myself in the lodging


                  CHARLES 
                  BERRY
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. No, I do not.
Q. Do you know her person? - A. No.
Q.Somebody pawned a petticoat with you? - A. Yes, it was the 20th of October; she pawned a candlestick the same day.
Spicer. I found the silk cloak at a poor person's at Hoxton, where the prisoner said she had given it away.
(The things were produced, and identified by Mrs. Price.)
The prisoner did not say any thing in her defence.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
