





408. 
               
                  
                     WATKIN 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of April
, two shirts, value 12 s. two neckcloths, value 6 s one night cap; value 1 s. two pair of stockings, value 4 s. four quarts of port wine, value 8 s. four quart bottles, value 1 s. a quart of Madeira wine, value 1 s. a glass bottle, value 3 d. three quarts of beer, value 3 s. three other bottles, value 1 s. a quart of brandy, value 2 s. and a medal, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Bird
                  




               
            , esq.


The case was stated by Mr. Walford.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BIRD
               



            . ESQ. Q. Where is your place of residence - A. In St. James' Place


; the prisoner was my footman
; I had a fair character with him.
Q. Was he entrusted with the care of your cellar - A. Never; I kept the keys of the cellar locked up in a bureau.
Q. In consequence of some suspicion did you cause the prisoner to be apprehended - A. I did; on the 25th of April.
Q. Was you present when the prisoner's apartment was searched by the officer - A. I was.
Court. Just state what you mean by the prisoner's apartment - A. Where he slept in the servant's hall.
Mr. Walford. Had any of the other servants access to that hall - A. The other servants had access to it, certainly.
Q. Where was he first taken - A. At the corner of the street; he was taken to the office for examination. I was with the officer when his box was searched in the servant's hall, the box was locked. In that box was found a medal, which I believe to be mine; it is worth a shilling.


                  SARAH 
                  PLATT
               



            . Q. Are you servant to Mr. Bird - A. Yes; I am house maid.
Q. Do you recollect seeing any property in your master's house, and where - A. I saw a pair of stockings of his about a week before the prisoner was apprehended in the prisoner's room, but I said nothing about them. On Saturday the 23d of April. I saw two picklock keys in the coal cellar, under the beer barrel, a medal, shirt, handkerchief and a pair of stockings; the shirt, and handkerchief were marked J. B. my master's mark; I left all the things there; on the 25th of April I took the officer to the coal cellar, we found one of my master's shirts there, I then went into the servant's hall with the officer; I saw him search the prisoner's box.
Prisoner. Did you see me put them things there - A. No; I saw you draw a cork of a bottle of wine when Mr. Natsbold's groom called upon you; I saw you take it from a place where I saw wine; you took it from the bottle rack; I did not taste it.
Q. Did you ever see me have them keys - A. No; but they were found with the things that were there; I saw you have the wine.

Q. Did you ever see me do any wrong in Mr. Bird's house - A I never see you do any thing wrong; you took particular notice of the side board, and you was very much confused when you saw me.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GREGORY
               



            . I am a constable of St. James's. On the 25th of April I took the prisoner in custody; I went into the cellar along with the servant; I found a shirt there; I searched his box, I found the key upon the prisoner; in his box I found this medal, he said it was not his, some of Mr. Birds servants had false keys, they had put it in out of spite; I took him and the shirt to Marlborough-street office.
Q. The place where you found the shirt was open to all the other servants. - A. It was.
Prisoner. Did not I say I bought that medal in a lane in Cheapside - A. On the second examination you did; when I apprehended you, you was in such a confused state you could not tell.


                  RICHARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . - Mr. Walford. You are a coachman to Mr. Bird - A. Yes.
Q. Did you at any time search the place where the prisoner slept - A. Yes; on Tuesday the 26th I found a pair of stockings behind the candle box in his room, and a handkerchief; and I found a bottle of wine in the small beer cellar; I also found three bottles of port the same day.
Q. to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Platt
               



            . Do you recollect finding any keys - A. Yes; I found them behind the wooden frame of his press bedstead, two quires of writing paper, and this bit of soap.
Mr. Bird. One of these keys opened my bereau; I was in the habit of keeping in my bereau the key of my cellar; the same key opens my linen drawer which contained my shirts and neckoloths. I kept that medal in the bureau and the writing paper and soap.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  KING
               



            . I live at the White Lion, Lower Brooke-street.
Q. Are you acquainted with the prisoner - A. I have known him three or four years. On Sunday the 24th of April he came to my house, he left with me a small parcel saying he should call in a few minutes.
Q. Did he call again - A. No; I heard he was apprehended on suspicion of robbing his master; I sent it to Mr. Bird's house.
Q. Did you examine the parcel - A. No, I sent it by the chairman that was at the house.
FRANCIS CAVENDISH. Q. Did you receive a parcel from the last witness any time - A. I did; she gave it to me to carry to Mr. Bird's house; I delivered it to the girl and was going away; she called me back, and then I saw Mr. Bird.
Mr. Bird. I opened that parcel myself; it was delivered by Cavendish; it contained a neck handkerchief, a pair of stockings, and a night cap; they are all marked.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the transaction nor how it happened from that day to this; I never saw the keys till I saw them on the table.



               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
