





267. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     PIERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of January
, two silver tea-spoons, value 3s. a glass decanter, value 1s. 6d. two glass salts, value 2s. a bason, value 6d. a towel, value 6d. two butter-boats, value 6d. and an ink-bottle, value 1d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hodges
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  HODGES
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of Thomas Hodges; I keep the Burlington-arms, Old Burlington-street


: The latter end of January I missed three silver tea-spoons, a decanter, a bason, salts, and different articles; I suspected the prisoner; he was a servant
 in the house, to gather pots, and wash bottles; I know nothing of the robbery.


                  THOMAS 
                  COPE
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, servant to Mr. Brown, No. 2, Panton-street, Hay-market: On the 6th of February the prisoner came to Mr. Brown's, and pledged two tea-spoons for three shillings, in the name of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Matthews
               



            ;(produces them;) he said he lived at No. 23, Whitcomb-street; he told me he had bought them second hand, and they were his own property; I had never seen him before.

Mrs. Hodges. These are my husband's spoons; I had a dozen of them.
Prisoner. Q.Were you not very much in liquor two nights running? - A. I was never in liquor in my life.
Prisoner. She said she always carried the spoons about her, and that she had lost them.


                  ROBERT 
                  TOWNSEND
               



             sworn. - I am a patrole belonging to Bow-street: I was called upon to take the prisoner into custody; I took him to Bow-street. 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 24.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Lord KENYON.
