





585. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of October
, a pair of saddle bags, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Gray
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  GRAY
               



             sworn. I keep the Bell Savage inn
. On Tuesday the 7th of October, the saddle bags came up to my house by the Salisbury coach, the porter took them out with the cart, with other goods, to deliver them; they were directed to Mr. Woodward in Milk-street.


                  JOHN 
                  WADE
               



             sworn. I am porter to Mr. Gray; I took the cart out with goods to deliver, about the middle of the day, from the Bell Savage, I arrived in Milk-street, next to Lad-lane, about two, I drove up Milk-street


 about ten yards, I got out of the cart to deliver a parcel in Aldermanbury, when I came back from delivering the parcel, I came on the opposite side of Milk-street, I saw the man go up to the cart and put his arm into the front part of the cart (it was not open behind), and take out the saddle bags, he put them under the left side of his coat; he walked gently across the street to Clements court, I ran directly I saw him enter the court, he turned round and saw me, he then threw the saddle bags down; I asked a gentleman to take care of the saddle bags, and I pursued him out of that court, cross Goldsmith's-court into Gutter lane.
Q. You are sure it is the same man. - A. I knew him before he went to the cart, by sight, he has been a carman; I produce the saddle bags, they are the saddle bags that were given into my possession.
Prisoner's Defence. To what is alledged against me I am as innocent as a child unborn, I have got my living all my life by hard labour.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
