





677. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CRANFIELD
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of August
, a bag, value 6d. twelve pounds of tea, value 3l. three pounds of coffee, value 12s. and eight ounces of nutmegs, value 9s.
             the property of 
               
                  Rowland 
                  Heane
               




            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  EDWARD 
                  DYSON
               



             sworn. - I am book-keeper to the Gloucester waggon; Mr. 
               
                  Rowland 
                  Heane
               



             is the proprietor of the waggon
: The prisoner at the bar was my porter
, at the King's-head in the Old Change; I had a bag delivered to me from Monument-yard, directed to 
               
                  James 
                  Jelp
               



            , Esq. Gloucester; I saw the prisoner weigh it, and put it in the waggon; he went away in the forenoon, about eleven o'clock, on Saturday the 22d of August; I discovered that the waggon had been robbed, about nine o'clock the same night; I never saw the bag again, but I saw a large paper parcel, at the Swan Inn, with tea and nutmegs, and a small parcel with coffee; the prisoner was apprehended the Wednesday following, at my Inn, he denied it; Mr. 
               
                  Rowland 
                  Heane
               



            , the master of the waggon, is answerable for the property put into the waggon.
Cross-examined by Mr. Hart. Q. What sort of a bag was this? - A. A coarse wrapper bag.
Q. Did you see it from the time it was put into the scale to the time it went out of the yard? - A. No.
Q. Had you any opportunity at all of knowing what the contents were? - A. No.
Q. After the waggon goes out of your yard it proceeds on to the Green Man and Still? - A. Yes.
Q. You did not accompany it? - A. No.
Q. Do you know in what part of the waggon it was placed when it left your yard? - A. It was put just in the middle of the front.
Q. Was any part of the sheet drawn over it? - A. No.
Q. You saw nothing of it after the waggon went from the yard? - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  DOUGHTY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am shopman to Messrs. Stringer and Co. tea-dealers and spice merchants: Mr. Jelp is a customer with us; I made up a bag to go to Mr. Jelp, at Gloucester, it contained twelve pounds of tea, half a pound of nutmegs, and three pounds of coffee, it was first packed in paper, and then in a linen bag; the bill of parcels was put in, and it was directed to J. Jelp, Esq. Gloucester.(The bill of parcels was produced, and identified by the witness).


                  JOHN 
                  NORMAN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am the waggnner belonging to the Herefort waggon: I know the prisoner at the bar; I saw him in Graston-street on Saturday the 22d of August, about one o'clock in the day, he was asleep in the tail of the Gloucester waggon; we drank together at the end of Graston-street; he had a sack of mine, and I asked him for it; he told me he had it at home, be appointed me to meet him at the Harrow, in Fleet-market; I met him at half past seven that evening; he gave me the sack, and then delivered this paper parcel, containing twelve pounds of tea, three pounds of coffee, and some nutmegs; I cannot speak to the colour of the paper; he told me to sell it; I did not see any writing upon it; I left it with Mr. Broughton, at Holborn-bridge; the prisoner told me to pay myself some money that he owed me and then return him the difference; I did not offer them for sale.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROUGHTON
               



             sworn. - I keep the Swan at Holborn-bridge; Norman came into my accompting-house to settle with me, and left a parcel, which I delivered to Mr. Dyson.
Dyson. I delivered it to the constable.(
               
                  James 
                  Comley
               



            , a constable, produced the parcel, which was identified by Doughty.)
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called three witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
