





15. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BROADSTOCK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of November
, a looking-glass, value 2 l. eight curtains, value 5 l. twenty blankets, value 10 l. two counterpanes, value 30 s. two vallances, value 5 s. and fifteen yards of carpet, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Watson
                  




               
            .


                  DAVID 
                  WATSON
               



             sworn. - I have a house in George-street, Westminster


, but I do not live in it, it was not tenanted at the time: On the 13th of November, I was going by it, and thought the joint of the door was more open than it should be; before I could get to it, the door opened, and a man and boy came out; the man is the prisoner; I asked him what he was doing there; he said, he had been to see his friends; I took him by the collar; a scuffle ensued, and some hard blows passed; my hand slipped from his collar, and he run away, and I after him, calling stop thief; a soldier stopped him, and he was taken to prison; I found nothing on him; I went back to the house, and found the passage full of articles tied up in an apron, and a dark lantern; I knew the things had been removed; the bed-furniture was removed.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HUGHES
               



             sworn. - I was going down King-street, Westminster, and heard the cry of stop thief; I saw a man running, and stopped the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAYES
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, and took the prisoner into custody.
Prisoner. I leave my defence to my Counsel; I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
