





794. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     EDDIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of September
, a silver watch, value 35s.
             the property of 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Silverstrum
               




            .(The prosecutor being a foreigner, an interpreter was sworn.)


                  ISAAC 
                  SILVERSTRUM
               



             sworn. - Q. What countryman are you? - A. A Swede
.
Q. How do you get your living? - A. I am a sailor
.
Q. Look at the prisoner at the bar, do you know her? - A. Yes, about five weeks ago I met with her, about nine o'clock at night; she asked me to go and look at the house where she lived.
Q. Had you your watch when you went into the house? - A. Yes, I went into the house, and pulled my clothes off; I was going to get into bed, and the girl blew out the candle, and ran away with the watch; it was hung upon a nail; two days after I saw her again; I asked her where the watch was; she said, she did not take the watch.
Q. Was there not another girl in the room when the prisoner took the watch? - A. No, only an old woman that lit her up stairs.
Q. Are you quite sure that that is the gid that took your watch? - A. Yes.
Q. Are you quite sure that the old woman, who went up with a light to light the girl, was gone out of the room? - A.After the girl was gone away, the old woman came up with a light, and then I missed the watch.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DELANY
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker,(Produces the watch;) this watch was pledged with me in the name of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Patterson
               



            , by a woman in company with the prisoner at the bar; I lent her one pound five shillings upon it; 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Patterson
               



             said it was her watch.(The watch was identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. On the 16th of September, at night, I met with this good man; he went home with me, and agreed to stop all night with me; then he said he had got no money, but in the morning he would call and pay me; I again asked him for money, and he pointed to the watch; I understood him, as well as I could understand him, that he meant I should make money of it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
