





235. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LOCK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 30th of January
, a great coat, value 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Hatton
                  




               
            .
HENRY HATTON. I am a coachman
 to Mr. Burridge; I lost my great coat on the 30th of January last, from out of the stable in Crooked Billet walk, Millbank street, Westminster


; the prisoner was on the premises when I lost it; he had no business there. I left the coat in the stable at four o'clock in the afternoon; when I returned at five it was gone, and him along with it.
Q. You did not find your great coat upon him. - A. I did not.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SALT
               



            . I am a coachman. I bought the coat of that man on the 30th of January, very late in the evening; I bought it at the King's Head, Broad St. Giles's, in the open tap room; I gave a seven shilling piece and two shillings for it.
WILLIAM GOODENOUGH. I am a constable. On the 31st of January I received an information from 
               
                  Richard 
                  Maggs
               



             that a great coat was lost from Mr. Burridge's wharf. I found the prisoner on Monday, about twelve o'clock, at the Roebuck public house, Millbank. I took him in custody. He wanted to know what for; I told him I would take him up to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Maggs
               



             and his uncle, and then he would hear all about it; he at last told Maggs that he had sold it for nine shillings. I found five shillings on him, which he said was part of the nine; he gave information where he had sold the coat. I found the coat in about a week.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. Please you, my lord, I do not know any thing at all about it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            ,
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
