





66. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     METCALF
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of October
, four linen sheets, value 4l. four table-cloths, value 40s. five pillow-cases, value 10s. two towels, value 5s. four napkins, value 8s. a pair of stockings, value 2s. another table-cloth, value 10s. a wooden box, value 6d. fix pounds of tobacco, value 15s. an ounce of tea, value 6d. two pounds of coffee, value 2s. three pounds of sugar, value 2s. a quart of geneva, value 2s. three pounds of tamarinds, value 7s. and fifty shillings in money, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Healy
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  JOHN 
                  HEALEY
               



             sworn. - I am a tobacconist
 in Bishopsgate-street; the prisoner was my servant
, and had been about twelve months; David Pritchard was my errand-boy, he is about twelve or thirteen years of age; and 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Grant
               



            , who looked after a child of mine, is about fifteen; in consequence of information that I received, I missed the property mentioned in the indictment, (repeating it); I had the prisoner apprehended on Friday, the 31st of October; I had Pritchard and Grant taken up; we found upon the prisoner a key that opened the store-room, which was mine, also a key that opened the wardrobe where I kept my linen and clothes, and a key that opened the beanset in the dining room.
Q. Have you seen any sheets and other things since? - A. Yes, they were my property.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. She has lived with you about a twelvemonth? - A. Yes.
Q. I believe she had lived with your wife before you were married to her? - A. Yes, about two years, I believe.


                  THOMAS 
                  SARWELL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am one of the constables of the City of London; I went to the house of Ann Driver, on the first of November, No. 4, Still-alley, Bishopsgate-street Without, where I found this box, (producing it;) on the 2d of November I went to one Mrs. Bowles's, No. 2, Bevis Marks, where I found this parcel of tobacco, and this box, (producing it); I apprehended the prisoner on the 31st of October; I found upon her some keys, one of which opened the box that I found at Mrs. Driver's; this key opened the store-room up two-pair of stairs, at Mr. Healey's house; and this key opened the chest of drawers in Mr. Healey's bed-room; and this opened the closet in the dining-room.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. These are very common keys? - A. Yes.
Q.And each of them will open fifty different locks? - A. Yes, I dare say they will.


                  ANN 
                  DRIVER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I live in Still-alley, Bishopsgate-street.
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know Pritchard and Grant? - A. Yes.
Q. Look at that box; do you know that? - A. Yes; Pritchard brought it to me, I dare say, two months before the officer came to my house; the prisoner came in immediately after him; she desired I would take care of that box for her; it was a young man's things just come from Woolwich.
Q. Was it in the same state when Sapwell, the officer, took it away, that it was when you received it? - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Did you know where this young woman lived? - A. Yes; as a neighbour.
Q. Did you ask her any questions about this box? - A.No.
Q.There it lay for two months without this young man from Woolwich coming for it? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you send any message to her, or say any thing to her about the box? - A. No, I never mentioned it.
ELIZABETH BOWLES sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I live at No. 2, Bevis Marks.
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A. Yes; and I know Pritchard and Grant.
Q. Look at that box; do you know that? - A. Yes; this parcel was tied to it; the boy, Pritchard, came to my house on the 28th of October, and left them with me.
Q. Did you see the prisoner at the bar that day? - A.No.
Q. Is that the same box, and the same tobacco, that Sapwell afterwards took from your house? - A. I believe it is.


                  CAROLINE 
                  TAYLOR
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I live in Christopher's-alley, Moorfields.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. Yes; about two or three months ago she brought me some small pieces of tobacco.
Q. Did you see any box, or lock? - A. I saw alock about two months ago, I believe I had it from Mr. Healey's house, I had it from the prisoner; I am not sure whether I had it from her at-Mr. Healey's house, or at my own house.
Q. What was the lock brought for? - A. To get a key to her box.


                  DAVID 
                  PRITCHARD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. How old are you? - A.Between twelve and thirteen.
Q.Have you ever learnt your catechism? - A. Yes.
Q. Can you read and write? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know the nature of an oath? - A. I cannot say I perfectly do.
Q. Do you know if it is a good thing or a bad thing to tell a lie? - A. It is a bad thing.
Q. Do you know what becomes of people after death, who do not speak the truth? - A.They go to hell. (Sworn.)
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A. Yes; she lived with Mr. Healey, and I lived with Mr. Healey, and so did Margaret Grant; she and I together used to get tobacco out of the shop, and she used to send it to a young man, at Woolwich; I used to direct it for her, and carry it to Bell-yard, Gracechurch street, to go by the errand-cart, it was directed for 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Whalley
               



            , King's-head, Woolwich.
Q. What else? - A. We used to take money out of the till; she and I used to raise the top of the counter up, and when we had done, we put it down again.
Q. How much money do you think you took out? - A.We used to go every night constantly, and take a shilling or two; sometimes the till would be very short of money, and then we could take but little.
Q.Look at that box? - A. I carried it to Mrs. Driver some time last summer; I believe that is the box; all that she let me know about what was in it, was a pair of breeches, and two or three things of his.
Q. Who did you receive the box from? - A. From the Flower-pot, in Bishopsgate-street; I paid two pence for the warehouse-room, it had been brought from Woolwich.
Q. Do you know Mrs. Bowles? - A. Yes; I carried this small box and this parcel to Beale's-whars, for 
               
                  Ann 
                  Metcalt
               



            , we had got them overnight from the shop; the paper contains tobacco, what is in the box belongs to the prisoner; I had not money enough to pay at the wharf, I came back and asked Mrs. Bowles if she would let me leave them there.
Q. Do you know any thing of any sheets or table-cloths belonging to the prosecutor? - A. No.
Q.Two towels? - A. No.
Q.Stockings? - A.I have had an old pair of stockings of my master's, which the prisoner gave to me.
Q. Do you know any thing of any tea or coffee? - A. No.
Q. Any gin? - A. No.
Q.Did you carry this box out of your master's house yourself? - A. No; she carried the box as far as the top of Old Bedlam, and then I took it, and carried it down to Beale's-wharf; I carried out the tobacco under my coat.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. The large box never came from your master's house, but came from Woolwich to the Flower-pot? - A. Yes, from the young man that she was acquainted with.
Q. And you conveyed it from the Flower-pot to Mrs. Driver's? - A. Yes.
Q. And the small box contains of her own? - A. Yes.
Q. With respect to the tobacco you had an opportunity of taking it from the shop yourself? - A. Yes.
Q. And therefore you, having been a bad boy, we are obliged to take it upon your word, that she was concerned with you? - A. Yes.


                  MARGARET 
                  GRANT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am servant to Mr. Healey; Pritchard and the prisoner had been down stairs to draw some beer, and I watched them, and saw them take money out of the till, they listed up the counter, and took it out.
Q. What money was it? - A. I do not think it was any thing but copper; sometimes the prisoner has been by herself, and sometimes the boy has been by himself; I had seen the prisoner taking tobacco out of the casks, and putting it into her pocket, loose, and sometimes putting it into her apron loose, and carrying paper bags from behind the counter, rolling them up, and putting them in her pocket.
Q. When did you see her take the tobacco? - A. She has had it several times; she took some the night before the boy and she went out.
Q. Do you know what she did with the tobacco? - A. She took it up into the nursery, it was shag-tobacco, and she parcelled it up; the next morning she took it down in the kitchen, and called the boy up, and she took the box; he refused to take it, because, he said, the shopman will know the box; she then said, she would take the box to the top of Old Bedlam, and he should take the tobacco; they both went down stairs together, and when she came back, she said, she had taken the box to the top of Old-Bedlam.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. As to the tobacco, when she took it, it was leaf tobacco, without any covering? - A. Yes.
Q. Then you cannot swear that any tobacco that may be produced, is the same that was taken from your master? - A. No.

Q.How old are you? - A.Fourteen.
Q.Have you learnt your catechism? - A. It is a long time ago.
Q. Do you remember the eighth commandment, thou shalt not steal? - A. Yes.
Q. You knew it was a very bad thing to steal? - A. Yes.
Q.Then you told your master of it the next day? - A. No, I did not; my master went to York, and was there three months.
Q. Did you ever tell of it before you were taken up? - A. No, I intended all along to tell my master of it.
Q.When you were taken up, you told this story about the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Mr. Healey. I know this to be my box; the tobacco I can speak to, I had such tobacco in my shop; the direction upon this parcel of tobacco I know to be the boy's hand-writing.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. It was in the power of the boy to have taken that tobacco, without any other person being concerned with him? - A.Certainly it was.
ROBERT GRIFFITHS sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am foreman to Mr. Healey; I know this box to be his property, this direction is Prichard's hand-writing.
Mr. Knowlys. Q.That being the boy's handwriting, does not shew that any body was concerned with him? - A. No.
The prisoner left her defence to her Counsel, and called two witnesses, who gave her a very good character. 


               GUILTY, aged 27, of stealing goods, to the value 39s.
             - 


               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
