





51. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     HARVEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of December
, eleven handkerchiefs, value 22 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Bowick
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  BOWICK
               



            . I live in Tottenham-court-road


. I keep a shop there; I am a linen-draper
. On Tuesday last the prisoner came in my shop with a boy; she asked for a half-handkerchief for her boy; I told her that I never cut them. She stood a little time; I told her again I never cut them; then the boy went out, and she after him. A neighbour came in, gave me some information. I missed the red cotton handkerchiefs out of the window. I went in pursuit of the prisoner, and overtook her in Bedford-square; she had something under her coat. I told her that I had lost some red cotton handkerchiefs; she must come back with me. She then dropped them with an apron from under her clothes. I brought her back to the shop; she begged that I would not prosecute her on account of her children. These are the handkerchiefs that I picked up; they are my property; I had seen them in my window ten minutes before she came in; there are eleven handkerchiefs; they cost me two shillings and eight-pence each.

Q.Where was she at the time you supposed she took them. - A.She was of one side of the counter, and I on the other. I had no suspicion, until a neighbour came and told me.
Prisoner. Did you find the handkerchiefs on me. - A. I saw you drop them.
GEORGE SPRING. Last Tuesday afternoon, about a quarter past four, on my going from my parlour to my shop, I saw a boy look in the window, and immediately a woman came to the boy and snatched the handkerchiefs out of his hand. She endeavoured to put them under her coat, notwithstanding on my opening the shop door, I had a distinct view of them. I had suspicion that she had not come honestly by them; I immediately went to Mr. Bowick, and communicated what I had seen; he followed the woman.
Q. to Prosecutor. You said you picked up the handkerchiefs. - A. Yes, in her apron; the apron she owned when she came in the shop.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing at all concerning the handkerchiefs; I was not guilty of taking the handkerchiefs neither one way or the other; nor did he find the handkerchiefs on me; there were other people passing through the square.
GUILTY, aged 39.
Of 


               stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
