





337. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     HILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of March
 a pair of pantaloons, value 10 s. a pair of boots, value 4 s. and a neck handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Vaughn
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  VAUGHN
               



            . I lodged in Suffolk-street


; I missed them about the 9th or 10th of March; the prisoner used to come in the morning to brush my clothes and clean my boots. The pantaloons were found at the pawnbrokers; I had given him them a few days before to give to my taylor to be altered, instead of taking them to the taylors he took them to the pawnbrokers. The boots were at the bootmakers for the purpose of getting a pair made by them.
Q. Had you sent them with him to the boot makers. - A. Yes. The handkerchief was in my room. On the 9th I desired him to produce the things he had of me that I might discharge him; instead of bringing them he offered me a great deal of abuse; he told me that if I paid him his wages I should have my things; if I did not I should have none of them; this was on the eleventh; I owed him for five weeks wages at five shillings a week; I told him he should have his wages as soon as he brought my things, and I was ready to discharge him; the next morning he came with the same abuse as he did before; in consequence of his telling me that the pantaloons were at the taylors, I sent there and found they had not got them; I then caused him to be taken up.
Prisoner. Mr. Vaughn, did not I ask you for a pound note to pay my lodgings. - A. No, you asked me nosuch question.


                  JOHN 
                  OGLE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Payne, pawnbroker, 95, Wardour-street. On the 8th of March the prisoner pledged a pair of pantaloons for half a guinea in his own name.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am a constable of St. Martin's in the fields. On the 12th of March I was sent to take the prisoner in custody; the prisoner wanted me to let him go; he said he had got nothing of Mr. Vaughn's. I took him to the watchhouse; I found the pantaloons at the pawnbroker's; he said he had sold the boots, as I was taking him to Bow-street.
The property produced and identified.
Q. to prosecutor. You said you owed him five weeks wages; at the time of this discovery had he made any application to you for wages. - A. Yes, about a week or ten days before.
Q. Then three weeks must be due to him, that is fifteen shillings; how came you not to pay him. - A. I declined paying his wages till he brought them home; I told him so at the time.
Prisoner's Defence. My lord and gentlemen of the jury, this is a most cruel prosecution that ever was instituted against any man; I am indicted for robbing the prosecutor of a pair of boots and a pair of pantaloons; at the same time he has been owing me a sum of money which he means to deprive me of. I have had the honour of living with his royal highness the duke of Kent, and never was in custody upon the smallest matter before this unfortunate transaction; I have always endeavoured through life to live by my industry; and should have continued so, had not I entered into this house of Mr. Vaughn's, who had nothing to recommend him but poverty and want; I have been his greatest benefactor, and that he well knows; he could not have made the gentleman like appearance he did unless I had made influence with the tradesmen whom I knew, to serve him; and what he has done is to destroy me and deprive me of my wages; I will first of all explain to you how I came in possession of these articles; first of all he gave me a pair of boots which were fitted with clogs for himself. In a few days afterwards I found myself in want of money; I asked him for money; he answered, he had none, he was going to the pay office to get some, he then offered me the pantaloons, I offered to sell them in the house, the servants not buying them and I being in want of money, I pledged them for ten shillings and sixpence; with part of this money I bought breakfast for himself for four days afterwards; I told the prosecutor it was impossible for me to live unless he paid me my wages; he put himself in a passion and swore he would kick me down stairs; I informed him I would no longer remain in his service; finding me determined of quitting his service, he swore he would get me a situation himself if I did not bring him back the pantaloons; he immediately called for a servant, sent him for an officer and he swore at the public office that I had robbed him of a pair of boots and a pair of pantaloons; unfortunately I had no witness to prove that he had given them me; but God is my witness, he did; this matter is only brought on to ruin me for ever.
Q. to prosecutor. What are you. - A. I am a lieutenant in the 28th regiment of foot.
Q. Was he in the habit of buying any small articles of you. - A. No. Some boot top liquid he bought which is one shilling; I paid him for it.
Prisoner. My lord, if you will please to look at that, you will see that he had not a halfpenny in the world. (The prisoner handed a paper to the court.)
Q. to prosecutor. How long had he lived with you. - A. Five weeks.
Q. Do you remember having this bill presented to you. - A. No, I never saw this before; he bought milk for me six days at sixpence per day; for which I paid him three shillings; Mr. Robinson has been in the habit of finding me breakfast; Mr. Robinson has an account against me.
Q. Do you not know that this man has made a claim as being furnished by him. - A. I never received a bill or claim from him but what I paid.
Q. Did not you hear it claimed by him till he was taken up. - A. Not a sentence of it. At Bow-street he made a claim for going of messages as well as being a servant, but never before. I agreed to give him five shillings a week, which was adequate to what he did for me; that bill never was presented to me.
Q. Did you ever tell him you would pay him but you must go to the agency office first. - A. I never did assign any reason of that kind.



               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant
