





251. 
               
                  BARTHOLEMEW 
                  WEST
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of March
, two boards, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Deaves
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  DEAVES
               



             sworn. - I am a carpenter
, I live in White-street, Cripplegate


; the prisoner at the bar worked for me about eleven weeks; soon after he had discharged himself from me, I found my yard oftentimes robbed, particularly after Christmas last; I was confined to my room through illness near three months, and put the care of my yard to a workman that I could trust: on the 5th of March my man came to my bed-room door, and informed me, that my yard had been robbed that morning of two deals, what we call two and ahalf yellow deals. In consequence of the robbery committed, on the 7th there were several yards searched, and in the yard of a person of the name of 
               Brown
             these deals were found; he said he had bought the two deals of the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  KEY
               



             sworn. - I am a sawyer; I work for Mr. Deaves: On Tuesday the 5th of March, I went into the yard in the morning and missed two twelve foot two and a-half yellow deals; Thursday morning I came sooner than the usual time, and came by the end of North-street leading into Finsbury-street; as I stood at the corner-house, I saw the deals being moved in our yard from where I put them the over night; I run back again and came down Butler's-alley, to the corner of the yard, where I saw the prisoner take two deals from where I saw him before, and carry them to the further side of the yard, the same as I saw the others; he put them over the pales into the next yard, and from that yard into White's ruins; he took the five inch board, and the five and a-half, and put them on his shoulder, and went away with them; I followed him till he came into Ropemakers-street, then I went up to him; he said, master King; yes, I said, it is, master West; do you know these, he said; I said, I do, and well; he said, pray do not say any thing; God bless you, do not; if you will not say any thing, I will carry them back again, and I will put them in their place; he fell down upon his knees to me, and said, if I would not say any thing, he would give me a guinea; I told him that our yard had been robbed a great many times this winter, and many an innocent manbore the blame; I took him by the collar to my master's house; I knocked at the door; he got out of my hands, and ran away; I took him again in Basinghall-street, and Mr. Smith, the constable, took him in charge to my master, and then to the Compter; I then went and searched afterwards his lodgings; there I saw four inch boards and one inch and a-half; they were twelve foot; I went and searched afterwards, and found in Mr. Brown's yard, Fore-street, the two two-and-a-half twelve foot deals.


                  THOMAS 
                  PERRY
               



             sworn. - I am a cabinet-maker; the prisoner came to me on the morning these twelve foot two and a-half deals were lost, saying he was going to move, and he had two deals to sell; I asked him what he asked for them; he said I offered him 8 s.; he took it, and brought them to me; I let them lie in the street all day; the next morning I took them to Mr. Brown's yard; Mr. King came the next morning, and asked me whether I had bought any deals of the prisoner; I told him I had; he went to Mr. Brown's yard and took them.
Q. These deals that King saw in Brown's yard, were the deals that you bought of the prisoner? - A. Yes; I produce the deals.
King. There is a mark on them; I can swear to them.
Prisoner's defence. I bought these deals myself; I gave the man nine shillings for them; I had no where to put them; they stood in the street; I bought them of 
               
                  John 
                  Smith
               



            ; I do not know where he lives, I know his person very well; I was going to move my lodgings, and so I sold them.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
