





41. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 13th of November
 a gold broach, value 10 s. a shirt, value 2 s. a shift, value 2 s. three handkerchiefs, value 3 s. a child's cap, value 6 d. and a pinafore value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Kingston
                  




               
            .


                  ESTHER 
                  KINGSTON
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  Philip 
                  Kingston
               



            , he a is pawnbroker
 No. 20, Carnaby-street, Golden-square


; I hired the prisoner as servant
 on the 7th of October; within a fortnight of that time I lost a broach, I was confident it was lost in my house; I offered the prisoner half a crown if she would find the broach, either broke or whole, but she did not produce it. On the 13th of November I understood from one of my family that she was going to leave me in the evening; she sent one of the boxes out of the house between the hours of twelve and one in the day, while I was gone up stairs; that led me to a suspicion that all was not right. I went to Marlborough-street, got two officers; before my return she had sent her two other boxes away. I left the officer in the passage, called her into the parlour, and said 
               Sally
             I understand by my children that you are going to leave me, she answered yes, ma'am; I told her I desired to look in her boxes, she said one of my boxes is gone between twelve and one o'clock this day, and the other two I sent out this evening; that rather alarmed me; she said Mr. Buckel, a friend of hers, had taken a box at his dinner hour; she had lodged with Mr. Buckel, which caused me to go to him to know whether he had got the box; Mr. Buckel left his work to come in search of her.
Q. Where did you find the boxes at last. - A. She had sent them to a lodging room in Carnaby-street, nearly opposite our own house; the officer came in the parlour and searched her; after that I went to the place where her boxes was.
Q. You found the boxes at the lodgings. - A. Yes, and some of my property in them, and the broach; I have lost a number of things.
Q. You found her three boxes. - A. Yes, and in them we found the things mentioned in the indictment.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PETHERICK
               



            . I am a constable of St. James's. On the 13th of November the lady came to me; when I came to Mrs. Kingston's, the prisoner said her boxes were gone; I took the girl to where she had taken the boxes, she gave the key and we opened the boxes; there we found the things mentioned in the indictment, the gold broach, shirt, shift and child's pinafore.
Q. When you found them what did she say. - A. She mad no answer.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. She has a shift of mine.
Q. What do you say to the broach. - A. I found it in the dust hole; I kept it on the shelf two days, I did not think it was my mistresses' broach.
Prosecutrix. The shift is my own; there is a comical seam next the gore.
The prisoner called one witness who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
