





63. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of November
, five Bank notes, value 1l. each, and an order for the payment of money, value 24. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Solomons
                     




                  , privily from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SOLOMONS
               



             sworn. - I am a tallow-chandler
: On the 20th of November, between twelve and one on Saturday morning, I and my friend came from Drury-lane Theatre, and called in at the Mitre, in Fleet-street, where we had one shillings worth of brandy and water; I was accosted by the prisoner at the corner of St. Paul's Churchyard, Ludgate-hill


, who asked me to give her a shilling to drink; I said, I had no money; she put her hand to my breeches pocket to feel, I thought she attempted to take my watch; I told her to go about her business, and left her; I went about half a dozen yards from her, and accidentally put my hand into my pocket, I found my money gone; I lost five one-pound notes and a draft for twenty-four pounds four shillings, from my breeches pocket, this was about a minute after I left the prisoner; I turned back to her about three yards, and she was going the way I was; I accused her with taking my notes; she made me no answer; I put my hand to her left hand pocket, and pulled them out; I called the watch, and she was taken to the watch-house; she wanted me to let her go, saying, as I had my property, I might as well let her go. I have kept the notes, the draft I have made use of. (Produces the notes).
Q. Had you been drinking? - A. I had part of a shilling's worth of brandy and water, and was quite sober, as I had not drank any thing else.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Had you been in company with any other women? - A. No.
Q. Had you stopped in the street any where? - A. No.
Q. Do you mean to say you walked from Drury-lane to St. Paul's, without being accosted by or speaking to any woman? - A. I am certain I did.
Q. The play is over about eleven o'clock - this was between twelve and one? - A. It was not over till very near twelve that night.
Q. Were many people walking in St. Paul's Church-yard? - A. No, very few.
Q. You know the narrow passage in the corner, near Newbery's, the bookseller? - A. No, I don't.
Q. Then you had not stopped in any private passage? - A. No.
Q. What kind of pocket was your's? - A. A slap pocket at the side.
Q. Was it buttoned after you paid your reckoning at the public-house? - A. I don't know.
Q. Did it happen by any accident that the slap of your breeches were down? - A. No, I am certain of it; but whether the slap of my pocket was buttoned or not, I cannot say.
Q. How long were you in company with this woman? - A. About two minutes.
Q. Recollect yourself, had you not been toying with the prisoner? - A. No.
Q. What did you stay two minutes with her for? - A.She asked me to give her something.

Q. Did it happen that her petticoats were disturbed? - A. I did not disturb them.
Q.Did your friend? - A. No.
Q.Were the notes rolled up together? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you mean to say you did not take any thing out of your pocket to give her? - A. No, I did not.
Q. She did not run away, but was following you? - A. Yes.
Q. Upon the oath you have taken, were not her petticoats almost thrown over her head? - A. I did not see them.
Q. Was it dark or light? - A. It was dark and rainy.
Q. Did you or not go into the passage with her? - A. I did not, nor my friend.
Q. What did you say to her, when she put her hand near your pocket? - A. I did not say any thing.
Q. Did she put her hand on any other part of your breeches? - A. On my watch chain; my friend told me to take care of my watch.
Q. You did not know the numbers of the notes before you lost them? - A. No.


                  LEWIS 
                  ISAACS
               



             sworn. - We were coming from the Theatre on the 19th, and on the 20th, after twelve, we went into the Mitre, in Fleet-street, and had a glass of mixed liquor; we then went on, and at the corner of St. Paul's Church-yard, the prisoner accosted my friend, and asked for a shilling to get something to drink; he said, I have none; I proceeded about a yard before him; they made a pause for about a minute; I turned to him, and said, come along; I walked on, and he overtook me, about half a dozen yards from the spot, where the prisoner first accosted him; he put his hand to his pocket, and said to me, in the German Language, by G - D, I have been robbed, the woman following, came up, he instantly seized her, and said, you have robbed me, putting his hand in each of her pocket-holes, and pulled out the notes, and called watch; I assisted, two or three watchmen came up, laid hold of the prisoner, and took her to the watch-house; she denied the charge, and said, she had only half-a-crown; she had not denied it before she got to the watch-house; after being there two or three minutes, she said, you have got your property, you may as well let me go; the constable said, I shall not let you go, if he does, because it will be compounding felony, and they took her away; the constable let my friend have one or two of the notes back, and kept the rest.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Your friend stopped with the woman, and you went on? - A. Yes, about a yard before.
Q. You said something about six yards? - A. I said, come along, and he overtook me in about six yards.
Q. What was he doing with the woman? - A. I cannot say.

JAMES
             M'GUIRE sworn. - I am a constable; on the 20th of November, between twelve and one o'clock, the prisoner was brought in charge for robbing the prosecutor of five 1l. notes, and a draft of 24l. 4s. I sent her to the Compter; the prosecutor wished to have four pounds, which I let him, and he produced them the next morning before the Alderman.
Prisoner's defence. They pulled my petticoats over my head, and got me in such a situation, that I could not stir, and said they would cut me up if they had a knife, and made use of worse words than I can name.
M'Guire. There was a person genteelly dressed in the watch-house, who said it was so.
Court. Q.(To Solomons.) Did you say so? - A. I did not.
Q. Upon your oath, did you take any liberties with her? - A. No, I did not.
Q.(To Jacobs.) Did you take any liberties with her? - A. No, I did not stop with her.
Q. Did you attempt to throw her petticoats over her head? - A. By no means.
Q. Did you solicit any connection with her? - A. None.
Q. Will you swear, that what she states in her defence, is false? - A. It is false entirely.
GUILTY, aged 31.
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
