





435. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     WILLIAMS
                  , alias 
DAVIS




            , was indicted for 


               assaulting 
                     

                              Robert 
                              Briant
                           



                        , senior







                  , in his dwelling-house, putting him in fear, and taking from his person one book, value 2 d. one Bank of England note, value 15 l. four Bank of England notes, value 40 l. two Bank of England notes, value 10 l. two Bank of England notes, value 4 l. and sixteen other Bank of England notes, value 16 l.
             the property of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Briant
               



            , senior.


                  ROBERT 
                  BRIANT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are a draper

 and hosier

, in Chiswell-street


? - A. Yes, and a King's-tax collector

; that was the money I had collected for the King's taxes: About a quarter after eleven o'clock, on the 16th of July
, I took the opportunity, in my son's absence, to count my Bank-notes on my counter; when I had so done, I put them at the further end of the counter, and put them under the banker's book; this man, the prisoner, I had observed perambulating before the house with a pipe in his mouth, and a canvas apron, having the appearance of a porter; I went round from behind my counter to the door, and when I was there, he was handling a pair of corderoy breeches; he said, to a man that was there, I think these breeches will fit me; I retired, and went to my old place behind the counter; he comes in, and meets me, and says, what will you make such a waistcoat as this for? (like the one he had on) I answered him sixteen shillings; he said, will you make it as good? I answered, yes; the moment he said that, he darted to the counter, and knocked off the banker's book, and catched up all the notes.
Q. Had you counted the notes before you put them down? - A. Yes; there were eighty-five pounds.
Q. Were there any ten-pound notes? - A. Yes, there were four; the fifteen-pound note that he took, he got changed at Mr. Savage's, in Houndsditch, and bought the clothes he now stands up in.
Q. When he darted at the banker's-book, what did he do? - A. He took the notes, and ran out immediately; I was not able to cry out I was so alarmed.
Q. Are you sure that he was the person you saw standing about the shop? - A. Yes, I have no doubt at all; he had the pipe in his mouth, and his large apron on, when he came into the shop.
Q. The notes which you have seen since, and which are here now, do you believe them to be your's? - A. I have no doubt at all.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. The prisoner had some conversation with you about some articles? - A. Yes.
Q. There was nothing unkind said on his part? - A. No.
Q. The notes were lying at one end of the counter, you had had them in your hand the minute before, and then you went to the other end of the counter; you were alarmed at seeing the man run away with the notes? - A. Yes.
Q. There was no attempt of any sort at all of his striking you? - A. No.
Q. How long was he in your shop? - A. Not above a minute and a half; Dr. Hamilton saw him coming out of the shop with his pipe in his mouth.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Could the person who was walking about your shop-window, or perambulating, as you have said, could he observe what you were doing of? - A. Yes, through the cavity of the things that were hanging in the window; there were stockings and caps hanging up, and they could see between them; my shop is a very large shop, they could see all over it.
- LEATHWICK sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I keep the Robin-Hood and Little-John.
Q. Did you see the prisoner at the bar at your house on the 17th of July, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning? - A. Yes.
Q. What did he come to your house for? - A. He came and called for a pint of rum and a quart of milk.
Q. How did he pay for it? - A. He gave me a ten-pound note in my hand, he said he had noother money to pay; I had some suspicion it was a bad one, I took it to the Bank, and there I wrote my name upon it, and then I tendered it them at the Bank.
Q. This was the morning after the robbery? - A. Yes.
Q. Should you know the note again? - A.(Looking at it.) I find my own hand-writing on it.
Q. Are you sure it was the prisoner at the bar that gave you that note? - A. That is the very man.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Do you always write your name upon the back of the notes you receive? - A. I did upon this.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Had you any suspicion of this note? - A. I had suspicion that it might be bad, or not got cleverly by.
Q. Is that one ten-pound note, you have now in your hand, the ten-pound note you received from the prisoner, and the one you paid at the Bank? - A. It is the one.
Q.(To Prosecutor.) Look at that note, and tell us whether that is one of the notes that the prisoner took from the counter? - A. My son can.


                  ROBERT 
                  BRIANT
               



            , jun. sworn. - Q. Look at that note; is that one of the Bank-notes that were taken from the counter? - A. It is one out of the three I received, this one I have a copy of, it is 5155, 17th day of February, 1803.
- ARMSTRONG sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I apprehended the prisoner, in company with Vickery, on the 18th of July, at his lodgings, the Red-lion, in Holywell-street, Shoreditch, between one and two in the morning, he was in bed, and very much in liquor; the notes were taken by Vickery in my presence, and the amount was given to the prisoner; I believe it was fifty-three pounds; the prisoner was asked how he came by them; he said he had them from an executor of his aunt's, at Manchester; after he was in custody, I left him in Vickery's care to take him to gaol.


                  JOHN 
                  VICKERY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You also belong to Worship-street, and was also with Armstrong? - A. Yes: I took from the prisoner's waistcoat-pocket Bank of England notes to the amount of fifty-three pounds, and a little cash from another pocket.
Q. Did you ask him how he came by the notes? - A. Yes; he said they were left him by an aunt at Manchester, and they were paid him by her executor, in Whitcomb-street.
Q.(To 
               
                  Robert 
                  Briant
               



            , junior.) You have an entry of those notes, will you be so good as to look at them, and refer to your book? - A. This one, 3705, a ten-pound, dated the 30th of January, 1803, I am sure was on the counter; 8005, dated the 5th of May, 1804, that is another ten-pound; there is a memorandum of my own writing that that is one that was on the counter; I am sure by my own book, I received sixty-eight pounds out of the eighty-five.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing only.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
