





839. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 29th of September
, from the person of 
                     
                        Hester 
                        Randall
                     




                  , widow
 a 30 l. five 20 l. two 10 l. six 5 l. one 2 l. and two 1 l. bank of England notes, and a promissory note, for the payment of 2 l. her property
            .
HESTER RANDELL. Q. You are a widow - A. Yes I live at No. 26 Dean-street, Shadwell; on the evening of the 29th of September, I went to the Royalty theatre


, with four of my children, I went into the pit.
Q. Did you carry any property with you - A. Yes 186 l. I carried it in my left hand pocket they were, pinned in a paper I had them some time in my pocket; a man who was a stranger to me, sat on my left hand, my children sat on my right; I am quite certain I had the notes in my pocket; I felt them five minutes before I lost them.
Q. Do you mean that you put your hand into your pocket - A. No, I felt on the outside, about half after nine; I sent two of my children out to get some pastry when they returned, I opened the handkerchief, the prisoner looked very hard into the bundle; I said will you partake he said he thanked me, and I gave him a rasberry tart, a little time after; the man got up, I felt a something several times, just at my back.
Q. On which side was he - A, On my left side in a little time, the prisoner turned round, stepped over the seat side ways, he went towards the pit door; I thought it very strange, that he did not bid me good night on account of my giving him the tart, I felt my pocket immediately I could not get my hand into my pocket it was, as if it was twisted, I felt outside of my pocket and missed the paper, containing the notes, upon my missing the notes; I reached out to my daughter who sat near the pit door; I said Mary, I am robbed and the man that has gone over there, has robbed me; my children called out stop thief. I saw no more of the prisoner till my daughter came, and said mother do not be frightened, I have got your money, I did not see the prisoner go out, I saw him near the pit door, the prisoner was then in charge of Mr. 
               Davis
             the check taker, my daughter gave me the notes. they were not in the paper, when I went home, I found the paper in the back part of my gown; the paper was pinned, the notes were drawn out.
Q. You had no means of knowing these notes had you - A. Yes, one note was wrote upon it, Captain 
               Theter
            , a 20 l. note. I had that note near a twelve month in my pocket it was never out of my pocket but once and a 2 l. Gravesend note I could identify.
Q. Does the notes that were delivered back to you by your daughter agree with the number, and value of those you had lost - A. Yes, I told the officer the notes amounted to 136 l. Mr. Beely counted them.


                  HENRY 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am the check taker. I heard the cry in the pit of stop thief, at the time the prisoner came out of the pit, he said I do not want a check, I do not think I shall return, after the prisoner passed me I thought I heard a voice say I will go by, which proceeded from the pit door, the prisoner was at a pair of green folding doors, I nearer the street; he was endeavouring to open it, he was about five yards from me, I considered that the pit doors were stopped up, by some accomplice; I steped through my door, and took the prisoner by the collar with my right hand, that moment he put his hand up his waistcoat, I put my left hand round his back and pinioned his left arm by the elbow; I told him whatever he had got it should be brought to light; I did it to prevent him chucking it away. I pulled him into a square place adjoining the pit door, that admits the half pay, Mrs. Peterson, the prosecutrix's daughter, came up, she said to the prisoner, you have robbed my mother, and I will have the money or notes. In the act of pulling him he gained his arm of me; it was partly at liberty; he put it farther up his waistcoat and I saw some paper drop from it; the daughter picked it up; the mother came up, and the daughter gave her this roll of paper which dropped. I called Britt the officer, he came and took him in custody; Mr. Beeley came up, they conveyed him into my room; I requested Mrs. Randell to be as correct in the sum as possible, before this roll of paper was opened; Mrs. Randell said it is one hundred and eighty-eight pound, immediately correcting herself, said, it is only one hundred and eighty-six pound; Beebey counted the notes and I took down the sums; they amounted to one hundred and eighty-six pounds. The notes were given to Beeby to take care of. We then went to the Star public house, she there said one note was marked captain Theter for twenty pound, it turned out to be so; a Gravesend note; two pound, and a thirty pound note nearly torn, it turned out to be so.
MARY PETERSON. I and my husband were with my mother, Mrs. Randell, I sat on her right hand side, on the outside of all; I did not see who sat on her left hand. I saw my mother get up and put her hand to her left hand pocket, she cried out, Mary, I am robbed, and that man that is going out of the pit has robbed me.
Q. Did you see any person going out of the pit - A. I saw the back of a man, I ran out of the pit, and my brother called out stop thief. When I came out Mr. Davis had the prisoner in custody, I ran to him and took hold of each side of his waistcoat; I said you villain, you have robbed my mother, and I will have the money; he said I have got nothing; he put his hand to the waistband of his small clothes, and he threw down a paper parcel; he tried to put his foot upon it, I immediately moved his foot with my knuckles, and picked up the parcel.

Q. You are sure you saw it drop from him, are you - A. I am quite sure, and I gave it to my mother; she was then standing within the wicket; I was not present when the notes were examined.
Q. Did you find any interruption in getting out of the pit - A. Somebody struck me; I saw the hand; I said I will go past. I did get out.
MR. BEEBY. Q. You are the officer that was called upon this occasion - A. Yes. The prisoner was in the custody of Mr. Britt, another officer; I was in the boxes; I ran down and saw the prisoner in custody; Mrs. Randell delivered me up some paper that was in her hand. I searched the prisoner in Mr. Davis's room, I found nothing upon him but a watch in his watch pocket. Mrs. Randell told me there was one hundred and eighty six pound; I counted it, and found it to be the exact amount.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not mean to quit the playhouse; I meaned to return again; I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            , aged 41.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
