





269. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BROOME
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 14th of January
, a box, value 1 s. twenty five pieces of worked muslin, value 100 l. and a piece of worsted net, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph Birkett 
                     Jackson
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lewes
                  



               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Pooley.


                  EDWARD 
                  PROCTER
               



            . Q. You are the proprietor of the Bell Savage, Ludgate hill


 - A. I am.
Q. Does the Southampton coach put up at your inn - A. It does.
Q. What day of the month was it you missed the box - A. On the 14th of January; there was a box directed to Messrs. Lewes, Jackson and co. St. Paul's church yard, was missing; in consequence of that I went with the coachman and 
               
                  Francis 
                  Cousins
               



             to a house in Drury lane; it is a corner house. I planted one at at each door and went up to the two pair front room door; I heard a noise as if a box was breaking open; I went up quietly and come down again; I sent for an officer of Bow street; Sayer and Atkins came; I remained at one door and the coachman at the other. When the officers arrived we went up stairs together to the same door and pushed the door open, we went in and saw the prisoner in the act of having some goods out of the box; we saw the box had been broken open, and a poker laying by the side of the box; some of the goods laying on the table, I think; I am positive there were some on the carpet, and some was remaining in the box; there were twenty five pieces of worked muslin, and one piece, I believe it is called worsted net. The prisoner, when he saw me, wrung his hands and begged me to forgive him, he said he would never do so any more; I told him he must take his chance. We then took the prisoner to Bow street. He had lived porter
 with me about a fortnight before.
Q. How long had he lived with you - A. About three or four weeks; just about the busy time of Christmas; perhaps a month; I cannot say to a day or two.


                  JAMES 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a porter at the Bell Savage, Ludgate hill.
Q. On the 14th of January do you remember seeing the prisoner come there - A. Yes; I was taking the baggage from the coachman who was at the top of the coach; I left some of them unloaded from the coach in the yard while I was taking the packages to the warehouse. It being dark I could not see the directions, only the size of the box.
Q. Did you see a box afterwards at the prisoner's lodgings, or at Bow street - A. I did. By the size of the box I believe it to be the same that I took from the coach that night. When I returned for the two other boxes the prisoner was standing by, I asked him to lift up one box, he did so, and he said he would bring the other to the warehouse; I missed him and the other box both together.


                  FRANCIS 
                  COUSINS
               



            . I am a porter at the Bell Savage. On the 14th of January, in the evening, I saw the prisoner there; he had a pint of rum; I saw the prisoner go out of the yard, he came in the yard again just after the Southampton coach arrived; in about twenty minutes after I saw him coming out of the yard with a box on his shoulder; he let it fall; he ran across the road and went down Dolphin yard. I saw the box again at Bow street; I believe it was the same box by the size.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BIRKETT JACKSON
               



            . My partner's name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lewes
               



            , we call ourselves warehousemen

, we live in St. Paul's church yard.
Q. Were Messrs. Lock, Gibson, and co. of Southamptont, customers to you - A. Yes; very old and regular customers to us.
Q. Did you ever send them more goods than they wanted in order to be returned by the mail - A. We have done it frequently, probably once a month; what they did not chuse they returned back. I can produce the entry of the goods that were sent.
COURT. Produce the box, there is no occasion for the entry.
- SAYERS. I believe this is the box that I found at the prisoner's lodgings.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about it. I went up to my lodgings to get some money of a woman that belonged to me, I saw the box there; I know nothing at all about it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
