






386. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  ELLIS
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  AMOS
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of February
, 139lb. of coffee, value 6l. the property of 
                     
                        Anthony 
                        Schick
                     



                  , esq.
 in a certain boat, upon the navigable river Thames
            .
Second Count. Charging it to be the property of 
               
                  John Burkitt 
                  Winholt
               



            .
Third Count. The property of 
               
                  James 
                  Beckett
               



            .
Fourth Count. The property of persons to the Jurors unknown.
(The indictment was opened by Mr. Watson, and the case by Mr. Knapp.)
GEORGE COWEN sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q.You are a Thames-Police surveyor? - A. I am.

Q.On the night of the 24th of February, were you on the river? - A. Yes.
Q.About what time were you off the Hamburgh tier? - A.About seven o'clock in the morning.
Q.Did you see any wherry? - A. Yes, I saw the two prisoners in a wherry, rowed by a boy, coming from the bows of the Henrietta, lying in the Hamburgh tier, St. Catherine's.
Q.Did you see a lug-boat lying against the Henrietta? - A. Yes.
Q.How far was the wherry from the lug-boat when you first saw her? - A.About half a boat's length.
Q.Did you pursue the wherry? - A.My boat shot past her; I did not see any thing in the boat at first; we pursued her; just as we came up, I saw a handkerchief under the thwart, where Amos was fitting, and he took the handkerchief and shoved it down under the water.
Q.Did he put his arm in the water? - A. Yes, he did.
Q.Did the handkerchief appear to be full or empty? - A.It was full of something.
Was it a common pocket handkerchief? - A. Yes; I called out to him not to put it overboard, but he took no notice of it; I said, do not throw it over-board, perhaps it is something I may not seize; people are foolish enough to throw biscuits and bees over-board sometimes; Ellis was on the starboard side; I saw him hand a bag over the boat's gunwhale, what they call a jemmy bag, they hold from fourteen pounds to half a hundred weight of coffee or sugar; this bag I suppose would hold about thirty pounds; he shoved it over-board; I went up along side, and desired them to come into my boat.
Q.Did you search Ellis? - A. Yes.
Q.What did you find upon him? - A. I found in his right-hand breast pocket, a small bag of raw coffee (produces it.) There is better than two pounds of it; when I had taken that from him, he put his hand over the boat's gunwhale, and I thought he was going to put something else overboard, and I wrenched a gimlet out of his hand; I found the head of a hammer in his waistcoat pocket.
Q.Was his hand over-board? - A. Yes.
Q.Then he had only to open his hand, and it must have gone? - A. I clenched his hand; I searched Amos, but found nothing upon him; I examined the lug-boat, in consequence of a boy, in their hearing, telling me he had brought them from that lug-boat; I went to the lug-boat, and found fifteen casks of coffee, marked from one to fifteen, with an hour-glass, and a flag, 
               B.C. 
            the cask No. 9, appeared to have lost a great deal of coffee; the cantling-piece of the head appeared to to have been taken out; the plug of the samplehole was taken out.
Q. That is usually covered with a hoop? - A. Yes, I found the hoop at the bottom of the boat, it had been wrenched off; there appeared to be a great deficiency in the cask, and I compared the cofee that I found upon the prisoner Ellis with that in the cask, and it appeared to be of the same quality; I then gave the coffee to the mate of the Henrietta, and took the prisoners to the office; I was present when it was weighed, it weighed six hundred, three quarters, and sixteen pounds, tare one hundred and six pounds, marked upon it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q.This lug-boat in which the coffee was, had been in dock, had not she? - A. I don't know.
Q. She was a-ground, was not she? - A.No, it is a deep place there.
Q. I am told, after she was loaded, she had been sent into a dock? - A.No.
Q.Where you saw the boat, is in the City of London? - A.No, in the precinct of St. Catherine's.
ROBERT WORTHY sworn. - Examined by Mr. Watson. I am a waterman, belonging to the Thames-Police; I was with Mr. Cowen on the 24th of February.
Q.You have heard his evidence? - A. Yes.
Q.Do you agree in the story he has told? - A. Yes.
Q.After these two persons were taken into custody, did you hear either of them say any thing? - A. I heard Amos say d-n it, they can only take 40s. conviction on it!
Q.You have a great deal of smuggling on the river? - A. Yes.
And if you take any of them it is a 40s. penalty? - A. Yes.
CHARLES DERBY sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am an apprentice to my father, a waterman; on the 24th of February I was upon the river, in my father's wherry.
Q.Was you hailed by any person in the Hamburgh tier? - A. Yes, by the two prisoners; they were in a lug-boat; I rowed off to them, and took them into my boat; I asked them where they were going, and they said towards St. Catharine's; I did not see them bring any thing into the boat.
Q.Before they got into the boat, had you any bag or handkerchief in your boat? - A.No.
Q.After you put off, did you see the Police boat? - A. Yes, the Police boat came down as I was shooting in shore; Amos threw over a handkerchief, and Ellis threw over a bag of something.
Q.Did you take Cowen to the same lug-boat, from which you had brought them? - A. Yes.
JAMES BECKETT sworn. - Examined by Mr. Watson. I am a lighterman; I do business for Mr. Winholt; I know the prisoner, Ellis, he was in myservice, and this lug-boat was to have fifteen casks of coffee from the West-India Docks, on the morning of the 22d of February.
Q.Did you direct Ellis to do any thing with that coffee? - A. I ordered my servant to direct Ellis to put them on board the Henrietta, bound for Hamburgh.
Q.Did you yourself see fifteen casks? - A. I did not.
Q.How came they to lie in the lug-boat the whole of the 23d? - A.There were other goods before us; sometimes we lay for a week or ten days. - JUDSON sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am a clerk to Mr. Winholt. Q.Did you put these fifteen casks of coffee on board the lug-boat, to be carried to the ship? - A. I entered them at the Custom-house, and gave directions.
Q.(To Mr. Beckett.) Did you see them weighed before they left the West-India Docks? - A.No.
EDWARD BROWN sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am foreman at the coffee warehouse, at the West-India Docks.
Q.Did you weigh these casks of coffee? - A. Yes, I weighed them in the month of November.
Q.What did No. 9 contain? - A.(refers to his book.) Seven hundred weight, one quarter, and twenty-two pounds; the entry is in my own writing, tare one hundred and six pounds.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q.Have you ever seen the casks of coffee since the time of the coffee being lost? - A.No.
Anthony Schick, Esq. I am proprietor of the coffee.
The prisoner, Ellis, put in a written defence, stating that he was innocent of the crime laid to his charge.
The prisoner, Amos, called ten, and Ellis five witnesses, who gave them a good character.
Ellis, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.
Amos, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
