






209. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     CONNER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANDREW 
                     BURN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of February

, one cheese, value 12 s. and two hams, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Barnard 
                     Dollond
                  



               
            . The latter was also indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the said goods, knowing them to be stolen
            .
BARNARD DOLLOND sworn. - I am a cheese and ham dealer
; I live at No. 89, in the Strand



; last Thursday, in consequence of an information I received that this property was concealed in my hay-lost, over my stable, I sent to Bow-street for two officers; I thought proper to fix them near the stable door; my stable is about sixty yards from my dwelling-house; there is a lane goes down to the stable, at the water side; I saw the goods at Bow-street the next morning.
Cross-examined. Q. You took Conner for your porter
 at first, and then you took him in your shop? - A. Yes, we instructed him to serve in the shop a little.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DOLLOND
               



             sworn. - On Thursday morning last, as we have a deal of custom, 
               
                  Peter 
                  Conner
               



             went down to the stable, I suppose between eight and nine o'clock; previous to his going down, he went down to the warehouse which is under the shop where I was; he was down in the warehouse a considerable time, about a quarter of an hour; he came up with a sack on his back, which I supposed to contain straw, which he was in the habit of taking down to the stable in a sack; he went out, and I have no doubt but he went down to the stable.
Q. Why have you no doubt? - A. Because it was his usual custom to go at that hour; about nine or ten, the other servant of my father told me he wished to speak to me; in consequence of what he told me, I went down to the stable with him, and went in the hay-lost; there I saw the cheese and the hams charged in the indictment, concealed under the hay; I returned, and left them as I found them; I thought it was the best way, wishing to find the person out that had concealed it; I acquainted my father with it, and he sent me to Bow-street; I consulted with the officers there; they advised me what to do; I shewed them the situation of the place; they agreed to come at eight o'clock in the evening; the prisoner went down to the stable about two or three o'clock, which he usually did every day; on his return he never hung the key of the stable up; it was his custom to hang it up behind the street door, which made me suppose he intended to take away the goods shortly; we kept him at home all the afternoon; my father purposed to keep him at home that he should not have an opportunity of going to the stable; about half-past six we sent him out, I went out previous to his going out; I went down near the stable, that I might havean opportunity, if he did go there, to see him; I continued in ambush for about ten minutes, and nobody came; I returned home, and after a short time I sent our other man nearly to the same place where I had been before, while I looked after the officers; he had appointed to meet me at a place opposite our house; I could not find him there; I went down to the place where our man was, and I had not been there many minutes before the officer came; we were altogether not more than forty minutes before the prisoner, Burn, came down to the stable-door; the other prisoner, Conner, came another way, and met him at the stable-door; Conner unlocked the stable-door, and they both went in and shut the stable-door after them; they remained in for the space of five minutes, and the prisoner, Burn, came out with a load on his shoulder; they both came out together, and they both went back the same way the prisoner Conner came; we followed them a little way, though at a proper distance; when they got up a street, called Beaufort-buildings, they parted. Burn continued up these buildings, and Conner went immediately home the contrary way; I and the officer continued to follow the prisoner Burn with the load on his shoulder, till he came to No. 35, Wilmot-street, where he went in, and we close after him. The officer asked him what he had got there; he said, two hams and one cheese; he said he brought it from Beaufort-buildings for Mr. Dollond's young man; we took him in custody, and secured him in the watch-house; then we went and secured the other prisoner, he was still at our house; on searching him, there was a book in his pocket, in which was a memorandum, a cash-account, for money received, with the signature of Burn; that is the other prisoner's name.
Cross-examined. Q. He came up with the sack that you supposed was filled with straw? - A. Yes.
Q. You did not go with him? - A. It is not my usual custom to go with the sack of straw to the stable.
Q. Whether he went to two or three places before he went to the stable, you cannot say? - A. There are people that can say.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. The other man is quite a stranger to you? - A. He is.


                  AUGUSTUS 
                  DAWSON
               



             sworn. - I am Mr. Dollond's servant: On Thursday morning, between seven and eight o'clock, as I was hanging my master's hams up, I missed two of them; I said to Connor, there are two hams deficient, where are they; he said he did not know any thing of them, for he put them up the night before; I hung two more out in their stead; I went into the warehouse below stairs to clean some knives, as I usually do; there I saw a heap of straw, and under that heap of straw I found one large ham; I covered it up as I found it, and up in the shop I run; my master sent me out with some butter; when I came home, I went down into the warehouse, where I found the straw and the sack gone, and the ham likewise; when I came up in the shop again, my master told me to come to breakfast; the prisoner Conner told me there was some sawdust wanted; I asked him for the sack, and he told me the sack was at the stable; I took the key, and went down to the stable for the sack; I found the sack across the shafts of the chaise, empty, and some straw under the shafts, which I supposed to be the straw he had taken out of the cellar; I had some suspicion that the ham was among the straw; in searching the straw, I could not find any ham there; I went up in the hay-lost, and the very first thing I put my foot against, was a large Cheshire cheese; I lifted up a truss of hay, and there I found a large ham and a little one; I left the cheese and hams as I found them, and took the sack, and went up to my master's house, and there I saw my young master; I told him I wanted to speak to him; he and I went both down to the stable, and there he found the goods under the hay and straw, as I have related before.
- TOWNSEND sworn. - I am one of the patrols: On Thursday last, I received information from young Mr. Dollond. I went into the street to watch about eight o'clock and the two prisoners at the bar came down; they both went into the stable together in the dark; after they had been both together for about five minutes, they both came out together, and went up a slight of steps leading to Beaufort-buildings, the prisoner Burn with a load on his back; they went up together about half way up Beaufort-buildings, where the prisoner Conner parted with the prisoner Burn; I followed the prisoner Burn to No. 35, Wilmot-street; he went into an old iron-shop, and I and another took him into custody, with the property on him; I asked him whose it was, and he told me he was the master of it.
Q. He keeps the old iron-shop? - A. Yes, he said it was his house; I asked him what he had got in the sack; he told me some ham and cheese; I asked him where he got it from; he told me in Beaufort-buildings, and that he had brought it for Mr. Dollond's young man; I then took him to the watch-house, and went to Mr. Dollond's shop, and there I took Conner in custody.
Q. At the place where you saw him take it from - where was it? - A. It is the bottom of Carter-lane; he took it from the stable; on searching the prisoner, Conner, in his outside coat pocket, I found two guineas, and in his breeches pocket I found one bad shilling and a good one.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. He told you he got it at Beaufort-buildings? - A. I asked him where; he would not say any more than that, and then he added afterwards, that he brought it for Mr. Dollond's young man.
Q. There is a flight of steps that leads up to Beaufort-buildings? -
Court. There is a communication from one to the other.
Q. Did you ask him if he had been into the stable? - A. I asked him if he had any acquaintance in town that would give any account whatever how he came by them, and he said, no.
Q. What induced you to go and enquire of him? - A. I was informed of it before.
Court. He was on the watch, and saw them part, and one went the other way.
Q. What time of the day was this? - A. Half past eight o'clock at night.
- sworn. - I am an officer of Bow-street; I know no more than has been related; I was with Townsend and Mr. Dollond's son; I assisted in taking the prisoners.
(The cheese and hams produced, and identified by the prosecutor.)

Mr. Dollond, Sen. There is B and D, which is my mark, a circular mark; the B is inside of the D on the cheese.
Q. Any mark on the ham? - A. The weight of this I can swear to; I marked it myself, and my son can own the other.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Any body can tell they are hams if they taste them - are you sure you have not sold these hams? - A. To be sure I am.
Q. Do you take out the marks when you sell them? - A. We do not; we sell them at a proportionate price, and let the marks remain.
Court. Q. The gentleman asks you this question, whether this identical ham has been sold? - A. I have sold many hams.
Mr. Dollond, Jun. I cannot swear that they were never sold, but I believe the witness Dawson can.
Dawson. I can swear to this ham; this is the ham I believe was in the cellar, but I cannot swear to the other.
Court. Q. Have they your mark on them? - A. They have my master's mark on them.
Conner's defence. There was a young man called upon me, and left these hams and cheese in my care, so I employed Mr. Burn, and paid him, and got him to remove them, for fear my master should suspect me if he saw them there.
Burn's defence. Conner came in my place, and asked me to take a load a little distance; I agreed to have a shilling or eighteen-pence to carry it by day, but I would not go at that time of night unless I had two shillings and sixpence; he took me to Beaufort-buildings, he told me he would come the day after for them; after I returned home, I was taken by these two officers.
The prisoner, Burn, called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Conner, GUILTY, aged 23.
Of 


               stealing, to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Burn, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
