





108. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EDIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of January
, a silver watch, value 2 l. a key, value 1 d. and a seal value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Randall
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  RANDALL
               



            . I am a tallow-chandler
, apprentice to my father; my father's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Randall
               



            .
Q. What age are you. - A. I am sixteen. Last Tuesday night at half, past twelve o'clock, I was at the corner of Bush-lane, Cannon-street


; I had been with some young men to spend the evening, there was my brother and a few friends in company.
Q. Had you been drinking to excess at all. - A.No, I was quite sober.
Q. Were you alone when you lost the watch. - A. Yes; the prisoner, with two or three more with him, hussled me; the prisoner shoved against me, and took my watch out of my pocket; I catched hold of his coat, I said you have got my watch; he said no I have not I saw him take it out of my pocket.
Q. Was it done too quick for you to lay hold of his hand to get possession of the watch again. - A. Yes, he put his hand behind him and gave the watch away to them.
Q. You did not see the watch in his hand at that time, you were not sure that he had the watch in his hand. - A. No, it was his right hand he put behind him.
Q. Did the others leave him. - A. Yes, they went off.
Q. Did you charge him loud enough with having your watch, do you think, for his companions to have heard you. - A. I said it in the same tone of voice, and as loud as I do now.
Q. Then they must have heard you; when the other men went away did you call the watch. - A. No. I said you have got my watch; I had hold of him, he said he had not; I replied you have, give me my watch; he said he would not; then I said I will put you where you ought to be. I called the watchman directly, and when the watchman came, I gave charge of him for stealing my watch.
Q. What sort of a watch was it. - A. A silver watch. I bought it myself, and worked hard for it. I gave two guineas and a half for it; I valued it at forty shillings.
Q. Had it a key and seal. - A. Yes; I have never recovered it again.
Cross-examined by Mr. Pooley. This was between twelve and one o'clock - what time did you go to your friend's house. - A. About eight o'clock in the evening.
Q. Had you been drinking any thing. - A. A little wine and water.
Q. Where do you live. - A. With my father, 139, Tooley-street.
Q. How far is that from the place where you lost the watch. - A. About a quarter of a mile.
Q. Did you know the watchman before. - A. No.
Q. Did you ask the watchman to drink. - A. Coming past the watchman, I ran against him I begged his pardon; I said will you have something to drink, he said no; then I says, here is sixpence to get you something to drink.
Q. How far were you when you gave the watchman sixpence from the place where you lost the watch. - A. About four yards; they met me as I was going along.
Q. They met you, you said to the prisoner you have got my watch, you said it loud enough for the other men to have heard, and watchman he was about four yards off; how many watchman were there. - A. Icannot say, there was this old man that I ran against, and another on the other side of the way.
Q. How far were they from him and you when the watch was taken. - A. About four or five yards.
Q. Then they that took your watch could see them as well as you. - A. Yes.
Q. When you called out watch these four men could have easily rescued him if they had thought fit to have done it. - A. Yes; he put his hand behind him and gave the watch away; he was searched at the watchhouse, nothing was found; I will take my oath that he took my watch.
Q. Yes, you believe it. - A. I do not believe it, I am sure of it he took it.
Q. How came you to be running along the street at this time of the night. - A. I had been spending my evening in Clare-street, Clare Market; I was running as fast as I could to get home, because my brother was sitting up for me.
Q. When he was searched it was found that he had some money of his own. - A. I do not know that it was his own; there was a pocket book and six pounds, I believe, in it.


                  JAMES 
                  PATRICK
               



            . Q. You are a watchman - where is your beat. - A. Cannon-street, Turnwheel-lane, up to Bush-lane to Dowgate Hill.
Q. Do you remember last Tuesday night the 12th of this month seeing the lad that has been examined. - A. I saw him; he rather pushed against me, he asked my pardon, he asked me if I would have something to drink; he was going rather fast, he gave me sixpence; I stopped and put my lanthorn down at the corner of Turnwheel-lane; he called watch, I went directly to him, he had hold of the prisoner, and I laid hold of him, he charged the prisoner with taking his watch from him; I took charge of him. The prisoner said he would go quietly to the watchhouse; the young lad said he saw him take it; I took him to the watchhouse. I was not above five yards from him when it happened.
Court. Did he at all appear the worse for liquor. - A. No, I cannot say he did; some people will carry it off. He did not appear to me to be in liquor.
Mr. Pooley. Whereabouts did he run against you. - A.At the cheesemonger's, just by Turnwheel-lane, he rather run against me; I took no notice of it.
Q. What name did he call you. - A. Old Brusher.
Q. Is that the name you go by. - A. No, without I am new baptised.


                  ROBERT 
                  GOSLING
               



            . I live at No. 19, Hollis-street, Clare Market. I know that the prosecutor was not in liquor when he left the company; I continued in company with him till he went. I went to the door and saw him out; he had only drank a little wine and water.
Q. What time was it when he went away. - A. As near twelve o'clock as could be.


                  ROBERT 
                  GOODALL
               



            . I was constable of the night, I was in the watchhouse when the prisoner was brought in; the prosecutor brought the prisoner in, with 
               Patrick
             the watchman; he said he had robbed him of his watch; the prisoner said he had not the watch, what did he mean by saying he had robbed him; I searched him, I found a pocket book containing four one pound notes and a two pound note; a letter, and a certificate of his discharge from a man of war.
Q. Did the prosecutor appear to be the least disguised in liquor. - A. He was not disguised; he appeared very much irritated at the act that had been done to him.
Prisoner's Defence. My lord - I had been to my sister at Whitechapel. Going home I went down Thames-street, I met this boy, he stopped me, he said you have got my watch; he collared me, I said let go of me; I called watch, I said, watchman, this rascal says I have got his watch; I went with them quietly to the watch-house; they searched me and found my watch; I asked him if that was his, he said no; I took out my pocket book, I asked him if that was his; the constable of the night took my watch and money. I am as innocent of the crime as a child unborn.



               GUILTY
            . aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
