





447. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BURBURY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of May
, twenty yards of linen cloth, value 20s. a piece of nankeen, value 5s. two yards of calico, value 2s. and a calico wrapper, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Clarke
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Boyd
                  



               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Gurney.)


                  THOMAS 
                  BOYD
               



             sworn. - I am in partnership with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Clarke
               



            , linen-draper
, in High-Holborn; the prisoner had been our porter
 about two months: On Saturday, the 15th of May, I taxed him with offering a piece of linen for sale, in the Borough, the Sunday before; he denied it; I told him all the circumstances under which he had offered it, and Mr. Clarke then said, he would send for a constable, and went down stairs; the prisoner went with me to the warehouse, and said, if it had not been for one d-d rogue, that never would have happened.
Q. What did you understand by that? - A. Being taxed with stealing the cloth, he then said, he had taken a piece of Irish cloth from the lower warehouse, we were then in the upper warehouse; he said the mark was D. Y. and that he had carried it to his brother's, he said, that was all he had taken; we then sent for a constable, and I went to his brother's house, there I found a piece of nankeen, a remnant of white calico, and a calico wrapper; I knew them to be our property.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. I believe you had a very excellent character with the prisoner? - A. I never had a better character with any servant.
Q. Do you know if his friends are respectable? - A. I believe they are.(Edward Crocker, an officer, produced the property, which was identified by the prosecutor.)
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
