





408. 
               
                  
                     MATTHEW 
                     NELSON
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault, on the King's highway, upon 
                     
                        John 
                        Howard
                     



                  , on the 7th of April
, and putting him in fear, and taking from his person, against his will, five silver boxes for watches, value 2l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Hallam
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HOWARD
               



             sworn. - I am eleven years of age, and know the nature of an oath; my master, James Hallam, is a springer and liner of watches
: On the 7th of April, I was going to Mr. Palmer's, and Mr. Wood's, with some silver boxes for watches, and met one Pollard, by the Jolly Coopers, in Short's-buildings, Clerkenwell, who asked me where I was going; we went on till we came to Aylesbury-street, and he asked me if I was going up Compton-street; I said, no; then he went up Compton-street; and I went down St. John's-street; as I was going up Sutton-street, I met Nelson, the prisoner, who said, Mr. Palmer was his master, and I had the wrong box for him, and told me to give him my bag, but I would not; then he told me to run, which I did; he told me not to run quite so fast, and, when we came to Aylesbury-street


, he hit me a blow in the mouth, which made it bleed, put his hand in the bag, and took five boxes out, and run down Woodbridge-street; I went home to my master, and told him.
Q.Are you sure he struck you a violent blow when he took them? - A. Yes, while he wastaking them; I never saw them again, I am sure the prisoner is the lad; Pollard was with him, but was discharged.


                  JAMES 
                  HALLAM
               



             sworn. - I am master of the boy, and, on the 7th of April, he came home with his mouth bleeding, and had lost five cases; he had eleven, but brought back only six.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POWELL
               



             sworn. - I saw the prisoner going along with John Howard; and Mr. Howe, the corner of Jarusalem-court, sent me to tell John Howard to come back, because he knew the prisoner before.


                  EDWARD 
                  PEMBERTON
               



             sworn. - I am twelve years of age, and know the nature of an oath; I saw Nelson go over the way to 
               
                  John 
                  Howare
               



            , and tell him to come back, for they were the wrong boxes, at the corner of Sutton-street; I am sure that is the boy.


                  JOHN 
                  RAY
               



             sworn. - I took the prisoner into custody for the handkerchiefs, but nothing was found on him.
Prisoner's defence. I never saw the boy at all; I was going to my aunt's the same day.



               GUILTY
            , aged 14.
Of the larceny.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
