





370. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     LOVETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2nd of April
, thirty-eight yards of woolen cloth, value 36 l. seventy yards of linen cloth, value 3 l. thirty yards of green baize, value 3 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Darby
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hilton
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HILTON
               



            . My partner's name is 
               
                  Henry 
                  Darby
               



            , we keep a woolen warehouse

; I only know the robbery from information The warehouse is in Cullum-street


. I found the warehouse had been opened; the padlock had been stolen.
Q. Did you afterwards see any of your goods. - A. There has none been found.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARTON
               



            . I am porter to Messrs. Davison and Newman in Fenchurch-street. On Thursday morning the 2nd of April about six o'clock, I was passing Cullum-street, I saw three men come out of the warehouse of Messrs. Darby and Hilton, and the last man that came out was the prisoner; each man had a canvas bag with goods in. The two first men passed me with very little notice; I noticed that they had bags with goods in it. When I came up to the prisoner he spoke to me and says, how are you master. I believe I have known him for five years. I made some reply similar to that; he followed the other two; I was a little struck; I turned round, I saw him go to the other two, I went to the end of the street, I saw the three men go up Lime-street for Leadenhall-street; I then concluded that they might be men employed by Messrs. Darby and Hilton. I went to my employ and took no further notice. On the next day I was passing by I saw a smith working at the door.
Q. You learned the next morning that they had been robbed. - A. Yes; I informed the prosecutors in the course of the day; I described who the prisoner was.


                  DANIEL 
                  CARTWRIGHT
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner in company with Mr. Holdsworth; on Friday afternoon he was brought to us by Mr. Haswell; we took him into his house in Hartshorn-court, leading into Fenchurch street; there I searched him, and found five one pound notes, a two pound note, and two canvass bags; the last witness described the bags to be the same as these.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. There is no charge against the man for stealing bank notes. - A. No.
Q. You searched the man's house, you found nothing in it that would open a door. - A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  HASWELL
               



            . Q. You are foreman to the prosecutor are you. - A. Yes, I apprehended the prisoner on the Friday the 3d of April in the afternoon, between two and three o'clock, I found him at his own house, I delivered him into the hands of Mr. Holdsworth and the constable directly. On Tuesday morning I went to the warehouse about seven o'clock in the morning, the lock was on but the padlock was off; I found the door upon the spring lock; there did not appear any marks of violence on the door.
Q. Upon going into the warehouse did you perceive any thing, could you perceive that any thing had been taken away. - A. It was a snowy morning, I observed some footsteps of men in the warehouse, and part of the way up stairs, there was some flakes of snow on the floor; on seeing them footsteps I had some idea the depredators were up stairs, I went up stairs in hopes of taking them, I found no one there; we missed the goods in question; the woollen cloth was taken from the top of the warehouse, and the linen from the two pair of stairs. I had seen the goods a short time before.
Q. What was the value of these goods. - A. About forty pound altogether.
Q. (to Barton) Look at these bags, are they the same sort of bags. - A. They are, I believe them to be the same.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. There are many hundreds have bags the same as that. - A. Yes.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the affair.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BAGLEY
               



            . - Mr. Alley. Where do you live. - A. No. 53, in Church-street, Bethnal Green. I am a shoemaker.
Q. How long have you known the man at the bar. - A. I have worked for him this three or four years; I make shoes for him.
Q. Do you remember meeting him any morning before he was taken up. - A. I did, in Lime-street, I think it was on the 8th or 7th of April, I cannot say which, it was on a Tuesday or a Wednesday.
Q. That will make all the difference. - A. It was Wednesday, the 8th day of the month of April, I met him in Lime-street, rather nearer six than seven, about a quarter after six as near as I can guess; I saw the prisoner have a load upon his knot, he took it off and put it in a Hackney coach, and a gentleman in a light coat and a pair of boots gave him a shilling, and asked him whether that would satisfy him; the prisoner said to me he wanted a word with me, I stopped, he said, now I want a pair of good strong shoes; we went to the nearest public house, we had a glass of liquor, I measured him for a pair of shoes, and that we parted.
Q. You are sure that all you say is very correct, when did you hear that he was taken up. - A. I never heard that he was taken up till last Sunday was a week, when I carried the shoes home.
Q. How came you to recollect that it was the 8th of April. - A. Because it was my birth-day.
Court. Are you sure it was the 8th of April. - A. Yes, sir, I be.
Q. Did you see any body give him a shilling. - A. Yes, a gentleman in a light coloured great coat, a dark coloured waistcoat, and a pair of boots; he asked him if he was satisfied; he had an umbrella in his hand, being a coarse morning; there was another person by his side, he looked like a labouring man.
Q. Did he appear to be in the gentleman's company. - A. They were both by the coach, I cannot tell whether they were in company or no.
Q. When were you applied to to give an account of this. - A. Not before this morning.
Q. How came you to know this was the 8th day of April. - A. Because it was my birth-day.
Q. I want to know how you came to know, it was material for you to prove, that the day on which you saw him was the 8th of April - are you quite sure he was not in prison on the 8th of April. - A. I am positive he was not, except it was late at night.
Cartwright. The prisoner was apprehended on Friday the 3d of April; the trial was put off last session; Wednesday the 8th of April was the first day of the session. On the Saturday before the session he was committed to the Compter, and he was there on the Wednesday following.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
