





344. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TIT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Summers
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of nine in the night of the 26th of March
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing a cotton gown, value 4s. a silk cloak, value 5s. a pair of pockets, value 6d. and a handkerchief, value 4d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Dell
                        



.


                  ANN 
                  DELL
               



             sworn. - I live in Quebec-street


: On the 26th of March I lost the articles stated in the indictment; My gown I lost lying on the bed, the rest were in a box; I saw them again before the Justice; the garret window had not been shut down.


                  THOMAS 
                  BRAYNE
               



             sworn. - I live next door to the last witness: In consequence of a report that there were thieves upon the tops of the houses, I went to search, and found the prisoner upon the top of an adjoining house, sitting upon the property, it is an unfinished house, I told him, if he moved hand or foot, I would blow his brains out; I did not understand what he said, but I sent my wife for a neighbour to come up stairs; he came, and I brought the prisoner in at the garret window; I then fetched the property, and likewise an iron crow, which was lying by it; he told me to fetch his coat and hat, which I did, from the unfinished house; I sent for the prosecutrix, and she claimed the property.(
               
                  George 
                  Mapsom
               



             confirmed the evidence of the last witness).(The bundle was produced, and the articles identified by Dell).
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence - 


               GUILTY of stealing the goods, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
