





580. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     KING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of October
, a silk handkerchief, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Pritchard
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  PRITCHARD
               



             sworn. Q. What day was this on. - A. The 7th of October about the middle of the day I was walking along the Strand


, I perceived somebody treading on my heels several times.
Q. What part of the Strand. - A. Near Southampton street, and on the opposite side of the way; after walking some time, and feeling myself incommoded by this man, I looked at him once or twice; afterwards the witness 
               
                  John 
                  Johnson
               



             told me that my pocket was picked.
Q. Had you said any thing before to the prisoner in the Strand. - A. Not a word; when the witness told me that my pocket was picked, I put my hand into my pocket and missed a handkerchief.
Q. How was your pocket. - A. Behind, similar to this, and part of my handkerchief was laying out, I had just put it in my pocket, I had been wiping my face, being very warm, just before I had seen him;I turned round and saw the prisoner running away, I immediately followed him, and I saw him throw the handkerchief from him in the street, by a cart; I got up to him, I accused him of stealing my handkerchief, he denied it, I immediately took him to Bow-street, he was committed.
Q. What became of the handkerchief. - A. The handkerchief was picked up by a boy, who gave it me; I know nothing of the boy, I have not seen him since; I saw the boy pick it up.
Q. Are you sure that the handkerchief which you saw the boy pick up was the same handkerchief that you saw the prisoner throw on the ground. - A. To the best of my knowledge it was, I cannot swear to the handkerchief because there is no mark to it.
Q. Can you swear that the same handkerchief that you saw the prisoner throw on the ground was the same that you saw the boy pick up. - A. Yes, the same.
Q. Well, that is what I ask you; did you perceive the prisoner push against you at that side of your coat. - A. I felt him some few minutes before I missed my handkerchief treading on my heels, I thought it was by accident; the people passing and repassing, I thought he could not avoid it.
Q. What was done with the handkerchief. - A. The handkerchief was given to me, I kept it in my hand all the time.
Q. Have you got it here. - A. No.
Q. Have you got that handkerchief that was picked up. - A. It has been to be washed with others, I cannot pretend to say it is the same.
Q. How careless. - A. I did not know it was of any consequence.
Q. Was it a new handkerchief, or had it been wore. - A. I had it some time.
Q. You are not sure the one you produce is the same. - A. No, I am not sure, because none of them that I have are marked; I did not know it was of consequence so I did not retain the particular one.
Q. Were they all of the same age. - A. The handkerchiefs were all of the same age.
Q. How far had he ran before you over took him. - A. About fifteen or twenty paces.
Cross-examined by Mr. Reynolds.
Q. You say this handkerchief was an old one, you had it a long time, it would not fetch much if it was sold. - A. It would but fetch a trifle if it was sold.
Q. You put the handkerchief into the side pocket of a new coat as they now make them, an handkerchief might easily fall out. - A. Certainly it might.
Q. You are not certain that you had put it intirely in. - A. No.
Q. Then it might have fell, and this man might have picked it up. - A. I cannot say that he did not, the boy was just before me, stooping for the handkerchief, as I sprang to lay hold of the man.
Q. However, it might have dropped down; if you had kept that handkerchief and looked at it now, you could not positively swear to the handkerchief - A. No, I could not, because I had no mark to it.
Q. And the handkerchief I see is a very common one. - A. It is a very common one.
JOHN JOHNSON sworn. Q. On the 7th of October were you in the Strand. - A. I cannot ascertain the day of the month, it was the day of Lord Percy's election; I was coming up the Strand.
Q.(to prosecutor) This was the day of the election. - A. Yes, the people was standing at the duke of Northumberland's house as I came by.
Q.(to Johnson.) Whereabouts was you then. - A. I think I was nearly opposite Covent Garden, of the opposite side of the way, I saw this gentleman, Mr. Pritchard, walk very fast on the pavement.
Q. Did you see the prisoner at that time. - A. I saw a person following Mr. Pritchard very closely.
Q. Who was that person that was following Mr. Pritchard very closely. - A. He was a total stranger to me.
Q. Do you know him. - A. I cannot say it was the man at the bar.
Q. Was it the man that was afterwards taken to the public office. - A. Yes.
Q. What do you mean, you say you saw a person following him very closely, was that the same person that was afterwards laid hold off - A. I think it was.
Q. You yourself went to the public office, did you not go to give your evidence. - A. Yes, I gave my evidence there.
Q. What did you see this person do, whoever he was, that was taken to the public office. - A. This person, or Mr. Pritchard, run against me, and hit me on the shoulder, I saw Mr. Pritchard pass on with the handkerchief hanging out in this manner (a corner hanging out), it was visible to every body; I had not got above three or four yards when I saw Mr. Pritchard's pocket empty; I saw a man huddling a handkerchief up in this manner. (witness describing it.)
Q. Did you see any thing at the time it was taken from the pocket. - A. I only saw the handkerchief out of the pocket.
Q. You saw the man with the handkerchief in his hand, did you not see him draw it out of his pocket. - A. I cannot pretend to say directly that I saw him take it out of Mr. Pritchard's pocket, I saw it not a foot from his pocket.
Q. Then you did not see him take it from Mr. Pritchard's pocket. - A. I did not, I only saw it in his hand, and at that time there was no handkerchief hanging out of Mr. Pritchard's pocket, and directly after I saw the handkerchief in the man's hand, I informed Mr. Pritchard of it, I tapped him on the shoulder, sir, says I, you have had your pocket picked, the man after that turned back and ran off as fast as he could.
Q. How near was the man to Mr. Pritchard when you tapped him on the shoulder. - A. About a couple of yards, I passed the man to tell Mr. Pritchard, and in the mean time the man drew back, and endeavoured to make his escape; when I turned to see what became of the man, I pointed to Mr. Pritchard, and said there goes the man, Mr. Pritchard pursued him and laid hold of him; I did not see the handkerchief again till it was in Mr. Pritchard's hand; I accompanied Mr. Pritchard and the young man to Bow-street.
Q.(to prosecutor) Was the man that you stopped the same man that the witness had pointed out toyou as having your handkerchief. - A. Yes.
Q. Was that man the prisoner. - A. That was the man, I never lost sight of him from the time he pointed him out to me till the time I took him.
Q. Are you able to say who was the person that followed you so and trod on your heels. - A. I thought it was the same man, I cannot exactly say it was.
Prisoner's Defence. I have nothing more to say than I am a painter and glazier by trade; that on the day this affair took place I was so much intoxicated, in fact I cannot tell any thing what passed; I had been to work at six o'clock in the morning, I went home at eight o'clock in the morning to breakfast after getting some money of my master; I met a few friends, I got drinking till I got into the Strand, and whether I ran against this gentleman I do not know; as to the handkerchief being in my hand it was not.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 31.
Of 


               stealing to the value of Ten-pence
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
