





570. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     HUNTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Hubble
                        




                     
                  , no person being therein, about the hour of eleven in the forenoon, on the 15th of July
, and feloniously stealing therein a coat, value 30 s. three waistcoats, value 15 s. and a gown, value 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Hubble
                     



.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HUBBLE
               



            . I am a labouring man
, I live at East Acton


; I look after a house, for which I am paid by the week; it is Mr. Finch's house.
Q. How long ago was it that any body lived there - A. Above half a year; the house was broke open the 5th of July; my wife was last in the house.


                  AMELIA 
                  HUBBLE
               



             I am the wife of the last witness; I went out between seven and eight o'clock in the morning to work; the door was fast, the gate shut, and the windows down; I left no one in the house; I returned about eleven o'clock, the house was broken open; I lost a coat, three waistcoats, and a gown.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before - A. No; I catched him; he ran away from me, and throwed the clothes into the ditch.
Q. Did you see him - A. No. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Mason
               



             brought the clothes home to me.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MASON
               



            . Q. Did you give any clothes to the last witness - A. Yes; I saw the prisoner throw them into the ditch; another man took them out and delivered them to me.
(The property produced and identified.)
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Year
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Heath.
