





598. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     MAXWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 11th of September
, a copper, value 6 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Willett
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Willett
                  



               
            .
Second count for like offence, only laying it to be the property of 
               

                        William 
                        Flooster
                     



                  , otherwise William 
Fluster




            .
The case was stated by Mr. Arabin.
- DORRINGTON sworn. Examined by Mr. Arabin. Q. Do you recollect at any time on the 11th of September last, being in Cumberland-street. - A. Yes, at about a quarter to nine in the evening, a man passed me with a copper; I took little notice of his passing me the first time, but he passed me the second time; he was going to go over some fields, but there was some paling prevented him, he turned back and went across Berkley-street. Upon seeing him with this large copper, I suspected it was stolen, and I told the watchman and he pursued him; I was walking slowly along towards the way the watchman went, I heard then a very great sound, as though it was a copper falling upon the pavement in the direction the prisoner had walked in. I rather thenhastened towards the spot, and in less than half a minute after the noise of the copper, a man came running along as hard as he could.
Q. Who did that. - A. The prisoner at the bar, with his hat in his hand; I made a catch at him, and he said which way is he gone? what is the matter, or what is it; says I, my friend you know what is the matter; he seemed very much fatigued, I had hold of him by the coat, he just got himself losened from me, but two people coming along, one of them catched him in his arms, or else he would have made his escape; he said I was mistaken in the man, he was going to his father's, instead of that, he was going contrary way to his fathers, he went the Edgeware Road way.
Q. Did you know him before. - A. I know no further of him than what the neighbours told me where his father lived, and he said he was going to his father's, but according to the account I had, he was going the contrary way, he was stopped and taken to the watchouse; I went with him, I saw the copper at the watch house.
Q. Have you any doubt of the man that you stopped, being the man that passed you with the copper, I ask you as to your belief. - A. I saw but the front part of him as he went past; I did not see the face of the man that passed me with the copper.
Court. Neither the first nor the second time. - A. No.
Q. You cannot form any judgment whether it was the person or not. - A. I only go from seeing what fatigue he was in; he had his head in the copper when he was carrying it, it covered all his face.


                  RICHARD 
                  BARR
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Arabin. On the night this happened I was in Berkley street towards Cumberland Place, I heard a tremendous crash, I thought that something had fell down, I hastened toward the spot where it had fell, the watchman sprang his rattle as I came to the corner of Cumberland Place; I heard the cry of Stop thief, I saw this man running, the prisoner at the bar was running towards me, I secured him and took him to the watchhouse; when I stopped him he said it is not me, do not stop me; he seemed to be rather warmish, and he was running very fast.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMS
               



             sworn. Q. Were you on duty on this night, on the 11th of September last. - A. I was. After Mr. Dorrington spoke to me I went as soon as I could up to the prisoner in Cumberland Place, I said to him my friend what have you got, he made me no answer as I could understand; he had this large copper on his head, he hastened the copper off his head as soon as possible, and threw it on the ground; he turned round and ran towards Berkley street.
Q. Was that towards Mr. Dorrington. - A. Yes.
Q. When he threw it off his head and ran, did you see his person. - A. I saw his person plainly by two lamps that stood at a gentleman's door; I made towards him, he got away about ten yards from me, he was not out of my sight from the time he threw the copper down till he was taken.
Q. Did you see him taken. - Yes, I saw him at the time he was taken at the corner of the place going into Berkley street, they brought him by me to take him to the watchhouse.
Q. You remained with the copper till somebody came to help you to take the copper. - A. Yes, I went to the watchhouse as soon as I could, and the copper was taken to the watchhouse.
Q. Was that copper afterwards shewn in your presence to Mr. Willet and Leach. - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Curwood.
Q. Mr. Williams you have lately recollected this story, do you recollect going to Marlborough street. A. Yes.
Q. Did not you refuse to identify his person there. A. No, after I saw his face again at the watch-house, I knew him again; I swore to him the first time at Marlborough street.
Court. When you first saw this man with the copper, was there any man in company with him. A. There was one walking on his left hand side; as soon as I come nigh that man ran away, which gave me a great suspicion that it was a stolen thing.
Q.(to Dorrington) Did you observe any body with the man that had the copper. - A, I did not, I was busy talking to a friend of mine.


                  JOHN 
                  LEACH
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Arabin. Are you apprentice to Mr. Thomas and 
               
                  William 
                  Willett
               



            . - A. Yes, they are tallow chandlers and oilmen in Oxford road; their warehouse is in North row.
Q. Do you recollect on the 11th of September fastening their warehouse up. - A. Yes, I fastened it up on that day between one and two in the afternoon.
Q. Did you see a copper in the warehouse. - A. Yes, that I am sure of, it was not fixed; about nine o'clock in the evening I went to the warehouse with a lanthorn. I found it had been broken open; the lock was lost.
Q. Did you see the copper there. - A. No, I did not; I next saw the copper in Marlborough street in the office.
Q. Was that the same copper that you had seen in the warehouse on the 11th. - A. Yes, I know it by the burnt marks.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLETT
               



             sworn. Q. You recollect the copper being in your warehouse. - A. Yes, some few days before the 7th, 8th, or 9th, or possibly all these days, I had seen it in the warehouse; I know the copper perfectly well, I saw it again at Marlborough street office.
Q. Do you know it to be the copper that was taken from your warehouse. - A. Yes, it had three burnt marks; the copper is in the yard, I am certain it is the same copper.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to my father, he lives in Berkley street; as I got to Cumberland Place the watchman sprang his rattle, I ran to see what was the matter, I passed the watchman while he was springing the rattle, and several people more, there were three or four more people running, and I ran with them, and just as I came to the corner of Berkley street bar, then Dorrington came up and laid hold of me and knocked my hat off and cut my eye; they laid hold of me and took me to the watchhouse, I told them I was going to my father, that he lived within twenty yards where he stopped me; about a quarter of an hour after I had been in the watchhouse the watchman came in with the copperand some more with him, he enquired of the watchhouse keeper which was the prisoner; I was sitting along with four or five more people round me; he says which is the man that you stopped, one pointed me out and says, that is him; he said that is him and I will swear to him.
Williams. When I came in the watchhouse the prisoner was surrounded, I suppose, by near a score people, he was sitting down on a bench; not seeing the prisoner, so many people being around him, I immediately enquired where the prisoner was, I went up to him, I says that is the very man, I knew him immediately when I saw him; I will swear that he is the same man.
The prisoner called seven witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
