







674. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     DOUTFIRE
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     ROBINSON
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     FANNY 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
            , were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of September

, a silver watch, value 30s. three linen shirts, value 3l. a steel watch chain, value 1d. a silver seal, value 2s. two napkins, value 2s. a box, value 6d. an iron lock, value 2d. four Bank-notes, value 5l. each, seventeen Bank-notes, value 2l. each, and one Bank-note, value 1l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Chapman
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Harris
                     



, and the other two for 


               receiving the same goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
(The case stated by Mr. Knapp.)


                  RICHARD 
                  CHAPMAN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Where do you live? - A. At No. 49, Gloucester-street, Hoxton



; I have an apartment of Mr. Robert Harris, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch.
Q. Do you know Susannah Doutfire? - A. Yes.
Q. What was she? - A. She was servant
 in the house, and did little odd things for me by her mistresses permission; I used to satisfy her now and then with a guinea or two for her trouble; I gave her no wages.
Q. On the 13th of September, was she servant in the house? - A. Yes; there was only her and me at home in the morning; Mr. Harris is employed on board ship.
Q. Did you lose on that day three linen shirts? - A. Yes.
Q. A silver watch? - A. Yes.
Q. A steel chain? - A. Yes.
Q. And silver seal? - A. Yes.
Q. Two napkins, a linen sheet, four five-pound Bank-notes, seventeen two-pound notes, and a one-pound note, making altogether 55l.? - A. Yes, in a deal box, which contained them all, about a foot square; it contained a few memorandums, my will, and the notes.
Q. Were the shirts in the box? - A. No; they were in the drawers along with my other apparel; the watch lay on the top of the drawers, and the chain and seal to it; I kept it there sometimes the whole day.
Q. What time did you go into the garden in the morning? - A. I went down about a quarter after eleven, and returned back about a quarter before twelve.
Q. Were your things all safe before? - A. Yes, every thing.
Q. Was the box locked? - A. To the best of my knowledge; it was a small deal box, about a foot square; I locked it the last time I was at it, and placed it at the top of my bed-tester for safety.
Q. When you returned, what did you observe? - A. The first thing was all my apparel strewed about the rooms I paid rent for; I found the drawers open.
Q. Did you find your box? - A. I did not think of my box directly; about a quarter of an hour afterwards, I went into the bed-room, and missed all the things I have described; one corner of the box hung over the bedstead the day before.
Q. Did you see any person to whom you communicated it? - A. To Mr. Spraggs; he came about five or ten minutes after I returned from the garden.
Q. Have you ever seen any of your property since? - A. Yes, my watch, and seventeen pounds worth of notes were brought to the Police-office.

Mr. Knowlys. Q. With regard to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Robinson
               



            , I will only ask, whether he did not hear a very excellent character? - A. Yes, I have heard he is a very honest industrious hard-working man; they are not married, I understand.


                  MATTHEW 
                  SPRAGGS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Did you come to the house after the prosecutor discovered he had been robbed? - A. Yes, in about half an hour.
Q. Did you see the prisoner, Susannah Doutsire? - A. Yes, she opened the door to me.
Q. Had you any conversation with her? - A. I had; when I first went, she seemed very much terrified; I asked for her master; she said he was not at home; in an instant, out came Mr. Chapman very much terrified, and said, he was just robbed; the girl looked agitated too; I asked her if she knew who had been there; she said, nobody; I said, what neither butcher or baker; she said, no; I spoke to Mr. Chapman, and after some conversation, she said there had been a girl there for a sheet; I enquired who the girl was; she said it was a little girl that came from where Mrs. Harrls's child was, meaning in Old-street, at Mrs. Robinson's, who had formerly been her servant; I advised the old gentleman to send for some friend, or relation; a neighbour was sent for, and afterwards an officer.


                  MARY 
                  CHURCHILL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. How old are you? - A. Going into thirteen.
Q. Are you niece to Mrs. Robinson? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember going to Mrs. Harris's? - A. Yes.
Q. When was it? - A. On this day week.
Q. Who sent for you? - A. My aunt, Mrs Robinson.
Q. What were you to go for? - A. For a sheet to turn; I went and saw 
               
                  Susannah 
                  Doutfire
               



             there.
Q. Did you see the old man, the prosecutor, there? - A. I saw him down at the bottom of the garden.
Q. What passed between you and Mrs. Doutfire? - A. She told me to go down to the kitchen, and she would setch the sheet; she went up stairs, and pinned something up in the sheet.
Q. Did you see her? - A. No.
Q. What that was, at that time, you did not know? - A. No.
Q. Was it something in the sheet that was put, or folded up? - A. Yes.
Q. Was it weighty and bulky? - A. Yes.
Q. What were you to do with it? - A. She told me to carry it home to my aunt.
Q. In going along, did you observe any thing? - A. I saw a bit of a box that was not pinned over with the sheet; I carried it home to my aunt, and put it on the bed.
Q. Did your aunt see you put it there? - A. Yes.
Q. Was Mrs. Robinson at home then? - A. No; my aunt then sent me down stairs into the kitchen.
Q. You did not see the box undone? - A. No; when I came up again, my aunt went out.
Q. Where did the bundle remain all this time? - A. I don't know.
Q. Did your aunt say where she was going? - A. No.
Q. When did you see your aunt again? - A. My aunt was gone about a quarter of an hour, and came in again, and said, I might go out with the child for half an hour; I staid out about an hour, and then she desired me to go for my uncle; I went for him, and he returned.
Q. Where was he? - A. At work at Mr. Knight's, in Curtain-road, Shoreditch.
Q. What became of him? - A. He went up stairs into the room where my aunt lives.
Q. Is that the same room in which the bundle had been put on the bed? - A. Yes.
Q. How soon did you see your aunt or uncle again? - A. I went down stairs for about five minutes, and as I was going up again, my uncle was coming down; my aunt went out again, and bought some things, as she told me, and shewed me some new handkerchiefs, some new muslins, new flannel and calico, and new stockings.
Q. Have you seen the box since? - A. No, it was chopped up.
Q. When? - A. I don't know.
Q. Did you see any pieces of the box produced? - A. No, not before the gentleman brought it to our house.
Q. When did they bring it? - A. Last Tuesday; Mr. Armstrong brought it.
Q. When you saw the bits of the box, did you know them? - A. Yes.
Q. How came you to know them? - A. I knew it was the same colour that I saw under the corner of the sheet.
Q. Were you sent to any pawnbroker's that morning? - A. Not that morning, but a fortnight before I was.
Q. Do you know of your aunt having got any things out of pawn after the robbery? - A. No.
Court. Q. You say, your aunt sent you to this house for a sheet? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you know Susannah Doutfire before? - A. Yes, I had seen her at my aunt's.
Q. Had you often seen her there before? - A. Yes, several times.
Q. When was it you had last seen her, before your aunt sent you to her? - A. The Monday afternoon.
Q. What was the day she sent you to her? - A. The Tuesday; on Monday she had been there to tea.
Q. Did you drink tea with them? - A. Yes.

Q. You heard nothing pass? - A. No.
Q. Did you see her when she went away? - A. Yes.
Q. Was any thing said then? - A. No.
Q. Did they go out together? - A. Yes, for about an hour.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. At the time Doutfire was drinking tea with your aunt, your uncle was not present? - A. No.
Q. Was any agreement made between your aunt and Doutfire to see one another the next day? - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn. - Q. You are an officer belonging to Worship-street? - A. Yes: On Tuesday the 13th, between twelve and one o'clock, I was sent for to Mr. Chapman's; I went with Mr. Cundy, and found Mr. Spraggs, Mr. Chapman, and Susanaah Doutfire; I was informed by Mr. Chapman, in the presence of the prisoner, of the nature of the robbery; I searched her box, and a number of places, but could find nothing; I then took her into custody, and we all went to the office; I repeatedly asked her, if she knew any thing of the robbery, and if any of the property might be mislaid by Mr. Chapman; she said, no, she knew nothing of it; I took Doutfire. Spraggs, and Chapman, to Robinson's house, No. 5, Old-street-road, and there I found Churchill; I told the aunt I should take the little girl to the office; Doutfire immediately said, Mr. Armstrong is come to enquire what I did with the sheet, what I sent the sheet here for; I said, Mr. Chapman has been robbed, and I shall try to find the things; Mrs. Robinson said, I was exceeding welcome to search her place, I said, no, I would take the girl to the office; I took her, and going along the Curtain-road, I by chance met the prisoner, 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Robinson
               



            , the girl said, "this is my uncle, sir;" I said to him, sir, I am going to take her to the Magistrate, you may step with us, and hear what it is about; he said, by all means, only let me go into the shop first; he went in, and returned to me, and we went to the office.
Q. Did he stay long in the shop? - A. No, not above a minute or two, no longer than to put a jacket on; I took Doutfire and the girl to the Magistrate, and Robinson was there and heard the charge exhibited by Mr. Chapman, before the Magistrate; I had dispatched Vickery and Mason to the house of Mrs. Robinson, to be in waiting, and I begged of the Magistrate to let me have a search-warrant, which he did; I went and found Mrs. Robinson and Vickery below stairs, and Mason up stairs; I read my warrant to her, and said, now, madam, I shall ask you a question, pray what was in the sheet when you opened it? Lord, sir, says she, a box, some Bank-notes, and a watch; where are they, said I, I have given them to my husband; said she, I have done it, don't hurt him; I put her into a coach, and took her to the office, where I found her husband detained; I said, Mr. Robinson, what have you done with the notes and watch your wife gave you? he said, they are in the shop; Vickery and I went to Mr. Knight's, a brass-caster, Robinson went with us instantly, we followed him into the shop, where there was some mould in a nasting-trough, he pulled the mould aside, and the first thing that appeared was the notes and watch, two 5l. three 2l. and a 1l. also a silver watch, that was all I found there; we took him back to the office and left him; we returned, and Vickery and Mason have the other things found at his room.
Q. Did you shew the watch to Chapman? - A. Yes, and he claimed it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. The wife said, I have done it all, don't hurt my husband? - A. Yes.
Q. You found the notes in a paper? - A. Yes, in a little bit of paper, but the watch was not.
Q. You took Robinson to hear the examination, not as a prisoner? - A. No, I did not mention a word to him, he staid all the examination, but when I went with the search warrant, he was detained.
Q. You knew his master, Mr. Knight? - A. Yes.
Q. Does not Robinson, the prisoner, bear an excellent character? - A. I knew Mr. Knight, but I knew nothing of Mr. Robinson, till that day.
Q. Did hevnot bear that character? - A. Mr. Knight represented him as the best workman he had.


                  PETER 
                  MASON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are an officer belonging to Worship-street? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you go to the house of Robinson? - A. Yes, this day week; I was present when Mr. Armstrong read the warrant, and when she owned it, he asked her what things were brought in the sheet, which was folded up, she said, there was a box, some Bank-notes and a watch; he asked her where the watch and Bank-notes were, she said, her husband had them; she owned she broke the box open with a poker before she sent for her husband, that he knew nothing of it, and hoped he would not be hurt, for it was her fault; on searching, I saw the pleces of the box pulled from under the bed, between the two beds; we found a parcel of new things, with a two pound note, which she owned she had taken out of the box.
Court. Q. Was any thing said to induce her to own it? - A. No.
Q. What are the sort of things found? - A. Some new flanuel, a pair of new stockings and muslin shawls, there were several other new things; she told me they belonged to General Gascoigne's servant at first; I took them to theoffice, and told Doutfire what she had said, and asked her if the things were her's, she said, yes, and she had bought them with a five pound note, which she had taken out of Mr. Chapman's box, sometime before; here is the certificate of her marriage, and some duplicates.


                  JOHN 
                  VICKERY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. What have you there? - A. A broken box, and three shirts, a silver watch and silver spoons; I went with Armstrong to the house of Robinson, and found part of a box between two beds in the same room, and three shirts in the same room, between the two beds; they would have been taken out by Mrs. Robinson; but we prevented her, and desired her to sit still; I found the sheet which she acknowledged the box to have been packed up in, the sheet that came from Doutfire; she said, she had broken the box open with a poker, and taken the things out; she acknowledged it to be part of the box; she said, there were some notes and a watch, and that she had given the notes and watch to her husband, whom she hoped would not be hurt as she had done it; we returned back a second time for some other things; I brought a watch away which was in the room with T. R. on it; I took it merely to prove it to be his apartments; the spoons and buckles are also his own.
Q. (To Chapman.) Is that part of the box? - A. Yes, it contained the Bank-notes.
Q. Are those your shirts? - A. Yes, marked R. C.
Q. What is the value of them now? - A. I cannot say.
Q. Are they worth more than five shillings a shirt? - A. I suppose not, I gave seven guineas and a half for the watch, twenty years ago, I think it is worth more than forty shillings now.
Q. How many five pound notes had you? - A. Four; seventeen two pound notes and a one pound note.
Susannah Doutfire. I leave my case to the mercy of the Jury.
Fanny Robinson. I leave my case to the mercy of your Lordship and the Jury.
Joseph Robinson. I leave my defence to my Counsel.
Joseph Robinson called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Susannah Doutfire, 

               GUILTY
            , 


               Death
            , aged 21.
Fanny Robinson, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.





               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Joseph Robinson, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
