





628. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOFARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of July
, eleven pounds weight of rope, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John Shepherd 
                     Killick
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SHEPHERD KILLICK
               



             sworn. - I live at Hackney Mills, Lea Bridge: On the 18th of July I missed a quantity of rope; I found what barges went the over night, I went immediately to Bromley-lock, and in 
               
                  John 
                  Hofard
               



            's barge, I found the rope concealed in the cabin; it was new rope, and cost me ten pence a pound; he had got one piece in use for his barge, for what they call a hawser; the prisoner was not on board the barge, I met him at Bromley; I asked him where his barge was; he told me at Bromley-lock; there was another man on board who absconded: afterwards the prisoner was taken into custody.
Q. How do they generally navigate these barges? - A. Generally two men.
Q.Bromley-lock is lower down the river than your part? - A. Yes, it is the entrance from Old Ford into the Thames.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Have you any partners, public or private? - A. None.
Q. The man that you found on board had the care of the barge? - A. He was standing there then; he let me go into the cabin; I asked him how the rope got there; he said, his master brought it there; when I returned, in about two hours afterwards, he was gone.
Q. And you have never seen him since? - A. No, he went away directly; I had the prisoner apprehended in an hour after I found the rope.
- sworn. - I am a labourer to Mr. Killick: I saw the prisoner in the stack-yard between three and four o'clock in the morning, on the 18th of July; he had got a little beer cask in his hand belonging to Mr. Killick, he said he should be glad to find a little small beer, he said he was dry; I never saw him carry any thing away; I said to him, what do you do here; he said, I am very dry; I said haymakers are always dry; how came you to think of finding small beer here.


                  MOSES 
                  PICKERING
               



             sworn. - I am a miller; the rope that was found is Mr. Killick's property; it is the rope that was in the stack-yard the night before, I tied the ends of it to keep it from raveling.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CANNON
               



             sworn. - I am a constable of Bromley; I produce the rope.
- sworn. - I am a constable of Hackney; I took the prisoner in his own house, near Lea Bridge; he was at that time in the service of Mr. Botts.


                  JOHN 
                  COWEY
               



             sworn. - I take the toll of Lea Bridge between three and four o'clock; at that time, that is the only barge that went through; there were different barges that went up and down, but not very near to that time.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
