





187. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SIMMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of February
, fourteen yards of calico, value 2 l. and twenty-five yards of linen, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        John and 
                              
                                 
                                    Daniel 
                                    Kay
                                 







                  , in their dwelling-house
            .
(The indictment was read by Mr. Clifton, and the case stated by Mr. Gurney.)
- DOYLE sworn. - Examined by Mr. Clifton.
Q. You are shopman to Mr. Allenby, a linen draper in Fleet-street? - A. I am; on the 4th of February the prisoner at the bar accompanied with another person with a light countenance, and about the same size, he might be taller; they inquired if we sold silk handkerchiefs; to which I told them, no; they then said, do you sell Irish cloth; to which I answered in the affirmative, they then said they would call in the evening.
Q. Did they purchase any thing then? - A. No; about six o'clock in the evening one of the men who had been with me in the morning (not the prisoner) called, and looked out a piece of Irish cloth, and fourteen yards of calico, and desired them to be sent to the Castle and Falcon, Aldersgate-street; and desired me not to be more than a quarter of an hour, for they were going away immediately in a post-chaise; I went with the goods myself, with the direction he gave, which was, Mr. Morgan, Castle and Falcon, Aldersgate-street; when I got to the Castle and Falcon, I met the prisoner at the bar in the passage; he said to me, you have got the parcel for my brother, Mr. Morgan, to which I answered, yes; he then said you must go back and fetch the other piece of Irish that he looked at, (holding out his hands to take the parcel); in consequence of that I hesitated about the delivery of the parcel; upon that he said, O you may deliver it at the bar, which I did, at the same time desiring the girl to take care of it till I returned; I then went out but I was not satisfied with the first message I had given, I returned and gave her a second caution, and I said, you are not to deliver it to any person that was with me, or any one else except myself, it is my property; I told her to keep it till I returned; in consequence of that I went home for the other piece of cloth, and on my return I found they were gone.
Court. Q. You left the prisoner at the Castle and Falcon, and when you returned the cloth was gone; and you did not see the prisoner? - A. No, and the parcel was gone; there were twenty-six yards of Irish cloth, at 4 s. 6 d. a yard, that makes 5 l. 17 s. and fourteen yards of printed calico, at 4 s. 6 d. a yard; it altogether came to 9 l.
Mr. Knapp. Q. You left that under the care of the bar-woman? - A. Yes.
Q. And under her direction? - A. Yes.


                  DANIEL 
                  KAY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You, sir, are one of the proprietors of the Castle and Falcon





; will you be so good as to give us the name of your partner? - A. John Kay; I have no other partner; my father resides in the house, he is not a partner.
Q. On the evening of the 4th of February, did you see the prisoner at the bar? - A. On the evening of the 4th of February, the prisoner at the bar and another man came up the passage, I saw them come in as I stood in the bar, they came in arm in arm between seven and eight o'clock up the passage to me, I being then in the bar.
Q. What sort of a face had the other man? - A.A light complexion, and rather a taller man than the prisoner.
Q. Did either of them speak to you? - A. The man of a light complexion spoke to me, and said, Mr. Kay, there will be a parcel come for my brother (pointing to the prisoner) which you will be good enough to take care of; I answered him, it should be taken care of for him; but not being certain of the name in the first instance, I followed them, by saying, did you say Morgan? one of them answered, which I think was the prisoner; he said, yes; they were going into the coffee-room to take some brandy and water.
Q. Did the prisoner at the bar hear what the other person said to you? - A. Yes, he must, they were close together; the prisoner at the bar shook his head in this way (describing it), as a person does when he arrives from a long journey, to adjust his hair.
Q. I believe you have paid for the parcel? - A. I have promised to pay for it.
Mr. Knapp. Q. How long has your father been out of partnership? - A. My father has never been in partnership at all.


                  GEORGE 
                  CASTLE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Clifton. Q. You are chamberlain at the Castle and Falcon? - A. Yes; I saw a man take a parcel out of the bar, but whether it was the prisoner or not I cannot say; it was on the same day as Mr. Kay has described; there was a person came to the bar, and asked for a parcel, whether he took the parcel up, or whether it was given to him, I do not know; it was a brown paper parcel.
Q. Did you see two persons in the coffee-room? - A. I was not in the coffee-room at that time.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Who the person was that you do not know, nor whether it was given to him, nor whether he took it? - A. I do not.


                  SARAH 
                  WILLIAMS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are assistant and bar-maid to the Castle and Falcon? - A. Yes.
Q. On the evening of the 4th of February, do you remember seeing the prisoner at the bar there? - A. Yes.
Q. Were you the person with whom Mr. Doyle left the parcel? - A. Yes; I put it on the dresser in the bar.
Q. You say you saw the prisoner at the bar there - Did you see any other person with him? - A. No.
Q. What did the prisoner do? - A. He came and spoke to the chamberlain for the parcel.
Mr. Knapp Q. Did you hear him speak to the chamberlain? - A. I saw him come to the chamberlain, and he appeared as if he was speaking to him, and the chamberlain came and asked me for the parcel.
Mr. Gurney. Q. Did the chamberlain come and ask you for the parcel directed Morgan? - A. Yes; I told him I did not know that I had it, but I would look for it.
Q. Did you give it to the chamberlain? - A. No, I did not.
Q. Did any body come into the bar afterwards? - A. Yes, the other man, the light complexioned man, came into the bar; the chamberlain lifted up a box; the gentleman said, no, that was not it, his was a brown paper parcel; he asked me for it; I told him I did not know, upon which he turned round and said, this is it (he then seeing the brown paper parcel); I said to the chamberlain, that parcel is not paid for; I told him there was no direction on it; Oh! said he, this is the parcel.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Was the prisoner present? - A. I did not see the prisoner.
Mr. Gurney. The act of one is the act of the other; they were both in company together.
Court. They first of all were together at the linen-draper's, and the other man, in the evening, directs the parcel to be left for one Morgan, at the Castle and Falcon; they were seen together at the Castle and Falcon, by Mr. Kay; Mr. Doyle went to the Castle and Falcon, with the parcel; the prisoner speaks to him; it is for the Jury to say, whether all this satisfies their minds.
Mr. Gurney. Q. He took up the large brown paper parcel? - A. Yes; I said, sir, there is no direction on it; he said, it is my parcel, and I must have it; and he took it away and went down the passage.
Q. Did he go towards the coffee-room? - A. That is all I know.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HUDSWORTH
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Clifton. Q. You are a waiter at the Castle and Falcon? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember, on the 4th of February, seeing the prisoner? - A. Yes, and another man with him, rather taller than himself, and a lighter countenance and complexion; the prisoner at the bar paid for the liquor that they had; they were in the coffee-room together, drinking brandy and water; the other man, with a light complexion, said, make haste, or the chaise will be gone; he had a large brown paper parcel under his arm; they both went out of the room together, the other man having the parcel under his arm.
Q. Was there any chaise waiting for them? - A. There was not at our house.
Mr. Knapp. (To the chamberlain.) Q. You are sure the parcel was not delivered to the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Mr. Knapp. Here is no possession at all proved to the prisoner.
Court. There was full possession, because, in thiscase, the act of one is the act of the other; it is all one transaction.
GUILTY, aged 34,




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
