





494. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CAREY, alias KOREY
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of June
, a marble frieze, value 1 l. and a marble blocking, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Baird
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BAIRD
               



             sworn. - I am a mason
, I live in Philips's-row, New Road, St. Pancras: On the 14th of June, I took a chimney-piece, a shelf, a frieze, and a blocking to a building, called Upper Eversham-buildings


; the frieze and the two shelves were not fixed, the blocking was, on the 17th of June, when I lost them; on the 19th of June I saw the frieze and the blocking in the possession of Mr. Renshaw, and I knew it to be mine.
Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before? - A. I never saw the prisoner till he was in custody.
Q. What is the value of this frieze? - A. One pound.
- RENSHAW sworn. - I am a mason, I live at No. 13, Field-street, Battle-bridge: On the 18th of June the prisoner brought this frieze to me.
Q. Did you buy it of him? - A. No; he wanted me to give him seven shillings for it.
Q. Was it above or below the value of it? - A. It was not one-third of the value; I suspected him, he had offered me other things before.

Q. In consequence of that you detained the frieze? - A. Yes; I told him to come the next day for the money, I intended to let the trade know; he came the next day when I was at breakfast, and I told my wife to tell him I was not at home, he must come at eight o'clock in the evening; he came in the evening, and Mr. Baird had got an officer to lay hold of him, and the constable stopped him.
Q. What did the prisoner say - did he tell you what he was? - A. He told me that he was a labourer
, he came to me for work.


                  EDWARD 
                  CROCKER
               



             sworn. - I am constable of St. Pancras.
Q. Were you at Mr. Renshaw's to apprehend the prisoner? - A. I was, I went with Mr. Baird; the prisoner came in about eight o'clock, and when he came out I seized him.
Q. Did he say any thing for himself when he was taken? - A. No, he seemed very much alarmed; I produce a piece of marble, I have had it in my custody ever since.
Q. (To Renshaw.) Is that the frieze which this man brought to you? - A. Yes.
Q. (To the prosecutor.) Is that the frieze that was taken from your house? - A. I am certain it is.
Q. Is it worth twenty shillings? - A. Yes.
Prisoner's defence. I came from my work on Tuesday afternoon, about eight or nine at night, and in Wilson-street, Somers Town, I met 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Oliver
               



            , a stone-mason; he asked me to have a pot of porter with him; I had worked with him before at Bow for Mr. Robbins; he asked me to take this piece of marble down to this man's place, I knew nothing of its being stole,) he told me to ask seven shillings for it; so I brought this piece of marble to this man's place, and this man told me to call again; I went to the mason that I had the marble of, he staid till I came back; he told me he was going to a job, and he told me to call again for the money, and when I went for the money I was detained; I have not seen the man since.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
