





360. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of May
, twenty-four yards of calico, value 4l. 8s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Cross
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CROSS
               



             sworn. - I am a linen-draper
 in West-Smithfield


: On Saturday the 10th of May, between five and six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner at the bar came into my shop with another woman of the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ridley
               



            , otherwise Riley; the other woman purchased half a quarter of a yard of muslin, and then they both went out of the shop together; Smith did not bargain for any thing; in consequence of information, I went after her, and the dropped the calico from under her apron; the other woman was with her then; a person that was standing by picked it up and carried it to my shop; he is not here, but the cotton was never out of my sight till I delivered it to the constable; it cost me four pounds eight shillings about a quarter of an hour before; it laid upon the counter when they came in, about two yards and a half, or three yards from the prisoner, to the best of my knowledge.
Q.Did you not see her hands move at any time to take it? - A. No.
Q. Had you no suspicion that she took it till you were informed of it? - A. No.


                  RICHARD 
                  CROSS
               



             sworn. - I am the son of the last witness: I saw both the women come into the shop; I rang the bell for my father to come down to serve them; my back was then turned to them; there were two pieces of calico upon the counter that my father had just brought in; my father came down, and took down some muslins to serve these women; I went a little way from the counter, and left my father behind; when I came, back I missed one of the pieces of print that was lying upon the counter; I looked all round the shop but could not find any thing of it; then they both went out; I told my father I suspected they had got the piece of print; my father immediately went after them and stopped them at the corner of Cloth-fair; I did not go after them, I went out to the door, and saw the print fall from the prisoner; it was brought back and delivered to the constable.
Q. Did you see the prisoner do any thing that led you to suspect she had taken it? - A. Yes; I walked towards the door and she shifted her hands; she was then close to the counter; when I came on this side she lifted this hand up, and when I came on the other side she lifted this hand up.
Q. Was she close to the calico at that time? - A. No; she was two yards from where the calico was.
Q. Has it any mark upon it? - A. There is the name of Salt upon it; he is the wholesale dealer; my father had not put any shop-mark upon it; there were twenty-four yards of it.
(
               
                  Charles 
                  Thompson
               



             produced the calico, which was deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I went in with this young woman to buy some muslins for caps; I came away with her, and never saw the calico at all.


                  JOHN 
                  BROUGH
               



             sworn. - I am a merchant; I live in sight of Mr. Cross's: On Saturday, the 10th of May, I saw two women go into Mr. Cross's shop; and I saw them come out again, and Mr. Cross follow them; and then I saw one of the women drop a piece of calico, and she was taken back; but I cannot say which of them it was.
GUILTY. (Aged 27.)




               Of stealing the goods, but not privately in the shop
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
