





394. 
               
                  
                     FRANCES 
                     COLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of April
, two shirts, value 8 s. and two shirts, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Collin
                  




               
            .


                  JANE 
                  COLLIN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Collin
               



            , I take in washing, I live in Shepherd's-court, No. 19


, Curzon-street, May-fair; I employed the prisoner to wash for me. On the 15th of April I detected a shift between the prisoner's petticoats, I was stooping down by her side, I saw something white by her petticoats, I laid hold of it; she said it was her's; she snatched it out of my hand, she said she wanted to wash it; I did not mind it any more till the Sunday; I missed a shirt; then I sent for an officer.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  BALL
               



            . I went to the house where the prisoner lodged; the prosecutor, pointed out the prisoner; I had a hard struggle to get the prisoner's pockets from her. I took out of one pocket a silver table spoon; the next thing an handkerchief; the prosecutor said that was hers. I felt further in the pocket; I found the duplicate of a shift.


                  PHILIP 
                  EASTON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I produce a shirt and a shift, pawned on the 1st of April and the 7th of April, by the prisoner.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. When the constable took hold of my pockets, I said I had a spoon belonging to lord Fitzgerald, that I meaned to take home the next morning.I know nothing of the other shirt.



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
