





486. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Gray
                        




                     
                  , between the hours of five and six o'clock in the evening, on the 26th of June
, and feloniously stealing a bag, value 1 d. a flat iron, value 4 d. a pair of pattens, value 6 d. ten gilt edged pictures, value 2 s. 6 d. ten blue edged plates, value 2 s. 6 d. half a dozen cups and saucers, value 2 s. 6 d. a china soup tureen, value 2 s. a tea caddie, value 2 s. a tea canister, value 6 d. a pair of gloves, value 6 d. a key, value 1 d. and a thimble, value one farthing, the property of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Gray
                     



.


                  MARY 
                  GRAY
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 22, Back Church-lane, Whitechapel


; I am a single woman
.
Q. Do you keep a house? - A. No, a room; my landlady lives two doors beyond: On the 26th of June, about ten o'clock in the morning, I went to work, I am a tobacco spinner; I returned about six in the evening, and found my door broken open; I missed a canvas bag, a flat iron, a pair of pattens, ten gold edged pictures, ten blue edged plates, half a dozen cups and saucers, a tureen, a tea caddle, a canister, a pair of gloves, a key and a thimble.
Q. Did you find these things afterwards? - A. On the 29th, when she broke into the other room, the officer searched her, and found my gloves, key, and thimble, and the ticket of my flat iron; the staple was drawn from my door.


                  ROBERT 
                  COOMBES
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Whitechapel; on searching the prisoner on the 29th, I found a bag, a pair of gloves, a key, a thimble, and two duplicates, which the prisoner owned; one of the duplicates led to a flat iron, the property of the prosecutrix.
The prisoner did not say any thing in her defence.
GUILTY, aged 25,




               Of stealing to the value of 4 s. 10 d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
