





170. 
               
                  
                     LEVY 
                     MORTIGEM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               unlawfully and by false pretence obtaining from 
                     
                        
                           Anthony 
                           Lewis
                        




                     
                  , twenty two pounds and one shilling
            , his property.


                  ANTHONY 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I keep a wine vaults
 in White Cross street; on the 29th of October I lived at the Three Pigeons, Butcher-hall lane


.
Q. The prisoner came to you on the 29th of October at Butcher-hall lane. - A. Yes; he said he was an interpreter in the pay of this country, he said he wanted eight pounds to pay some foreigners, as he had not time to go to the banker's; I had known him some length of time, he had breakfasted and dined with me when I kept the Three Pigeons, and he saying he was an interpreter in the pay of this country, and seeing some Turks come after him, I let him have this eight pounds, that was soon after breakfast; on the same day, after he had dined, he returned, and said what he would have for supper, for four or five Turks; he requested to have a private room, as they were not allowed to drink wine, or to see wine drank, and he wished me to let him have fourteen pounds, that would make up twenty one guineas, and that he would make up the money when he came to sup with me.
Q. Did you let him have that. - A. Yes, in gold and notes.
Q. If he had not represented himself an interpreter in the pay of this country, you would not have lent him the money. - A. Certainly not, I would not have trusted him from his own appearance.
Q. Did you ever get the money back again. - A. No, he never returned to the house again. One evening a little girl that I had in the house said she had just seen him; I went out and saw him in Cheapside, I followed him into the Poultry, I asked him why he did not return and pay me the money, as he said he would, and have the supper that was prepared for him. He said government had sent him off express to Portsmouth.
Prisoner's Defence. I know that I owe Mr. 
               
                  Anthony 
                  Lewis
               



             the money; he lent me the money, and now he makes it a defraud.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
