





552. 
               
                  JOHN, alias 
ROBERT 
                  SMITH
               




            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of August
, six silver desert spoons, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  William-Dredge 
                  Taunton
               




            .
WILLIAM-DREDGE TAUNTON sworn. - I am an attorney
 living in Essex-street; the prisoner at the bar was my footman
; on the 17th of August I went into the City, on my return I found the prisoner in the custody of the clerk.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. What time of the day was it when you returned? - A. It might be about three or four o'clock in the afternoon.
Q. The prisoner remained in your custody until he went to Bow-street at seven o'clock in the evening? - A. Yes, I kept him in custody; I loaded my pistols and gave them to my clerk to keep him in custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STUBBING
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Edwards, a pawnbroker, in Clare-street, Clare-market. On the 17th of August in the forenoon, between eleven and twelve o'clock, he came to our shop and offered six desert-spoons to pledge; he asked 18 s. on them; I was positive he had stole them, and looked at them some time; the prisoner said, if you do not like them, give me them back and take my watch; I told him that I should not do that, I suspected that he had come dishonestly by them: he hesitated for some time, and then he told me they were his master's, and that he was going to lay the money out for the use of his master: I told him I knew his master had not authorised him to do any such thing: at last he told me Mr. Taunton was his master: I sent to his master. I produce the spoons; they are worth two guineas as old silver. (The spoons identified by the prosecutor.)
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
