





86. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LITTLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Pavey
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of eight at night on the 11th of December
, with intent to steal and burglariously stealing therein two gowns, value 10 s. five silk handkerchiefs, value 5 s. a bed gown, value 5 s. and one pair of shoes, value 3 s. the property of the said 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Pavey
                     



                  ; - a hat, value 4 s. two pair of trowsers, value 5 s. three waistcoats, value 5 s. two shirts, value 4 s. a coat, value 10 s. and a pair of stockings, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gronan
                  



               
            .


                  MARY 
                  PAVEY
               



            . I live in Elbow-lane, Shadwell


.
Q. Did you lose any thing on the 11th of December last. - A. Yes, all the articles in the indictment, my property and my lodger's; my lodger had left the property with me, I was answerable for them if any lost. I left my house on the 10th of last month; on the 11th it was broken open; I returned on the 17th and applied to the office; I went down with the lodger that part of the property belongs to to Gravesend on business, and was absent a week.
Q. Who did you leave in your house. - A. No person at all. I double locked my door, and fastened my windows with a pin and key. I found two trunks broken open; one contained my property and the others my lodger's; I had seen my things on the day I went away. On coming back on the 17th I found the door in the same situation as I left it; the front and back windows were both broken open; the window shutter was wrenched open, and part of the board was broke where the bolt is in; the front window pane of glass was taken out, apparently with a penknife; the point of the penknife was found in the window.
Q. When did you see your things again. - A. On the following day; they were produced by the pawnbrokers.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer of Shadwell office. On the 17th of December I was applied to by Mrs. Pavey to apprehend the prisoner at the bar; I went down to the house with her, I found the front shutter was broken open, and the back shutter, I found two trunks and a desk that were in the house had been broken open. The prisoner was brought to me the next morning by Mr. Strong the headborough for rioting;I took him in custody, he told me where the property was. I took the prosecutrix with me to the different pawnbrokers, stopped the property, and told them to attend at the office and produce the goods.
Prisoner. The prosecutrix said, provided I would tell her where the property was she would forgive me. I told her where the rest of the party where that were concerned with me.
Brown. There was no such thing mentioned; when he was brought, I said I am very glad to see you; she told me immediately.
MR. BELL. I am a pawnbroker; these goods were pawned by the prisoner on the 12th of December; a pair of trowsers, waistcoat and shirt, for fourteen shillings; on the same day a hat for four shillings; on the 14th of December, a pair of trowsers for two shillings, and a coat for one pound; on the 15th, two gowns for ten shillings; on the 16th, four handkerchiefs for ten shillings; the 17th, a bed gown, and a pair of shoes for three shillings. I am positive the prisoner is the person; they were pawned in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Pavey
               



            .
MARGARET SMITH. I live in Elbow-lane. On the 11th of December, between eight and nine o'clock at night, I was coming up the lane, I saw him getting out of the window; when I got up to him he had get on the ground, he had a bundle under his left arm, he was fastening the window shutter with his right hand; I knew it was him by the light of the chandler's shop window, I had known him a great while.
Q. What business is he. - A. I never knew him to be any thing. I did not know Mrs. Pavey was not in her house; I walked on.
Prisoner. I and the other boy gave her five shillings not to say, any thing, and we were to treat her with going to the play.
Q. You convict yourself - is that true witness. - A. No.
Prisoner. Fitzgerald was a party concerned in it; I told Mr. Brown and Mrs. Pavey of it; they would not go after him.


                  EDWARD 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker's servant.
Q. Was any thing pawned at your shop by the prisoner. - A. Yes; I am sure it was him; one coloured shirt, a waistcoat, a pair of stockings, and a handkerchief, for nine shillings.
(The property produced and identified.)
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witness to character.
GUILTY, aged 18.
Of 


               stealing to the value of thirty nine shillings only, not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
