






8. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SPIKES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DOE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Gooding
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eight in the night, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing a metal watch, value 2l. 2s.
             the property of the said 
               
                  William 
                  Gooding
               



            .


                  MARY 
                  GOODING
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 1, Charlton-street, Upper Mary-le-bonne


; I know the person of 
               
                  John 
                  Doe
               



            ; my husband is a plumber and glazier
: On the 9th of November, a few minutes before eight I was in the parlour, and saw Doe, and another person, who has much the appearance of Spikes, open the shop door and come in; I went out into the shop, and they asked me to sell them a pot of paint; I told them we never sold paint; they got me up in a corner of the shop out of sight of the parlour door, while a third man went in and took the watch from over the fire-place, but I don't know who he was; I left the watch in the parlour; the person who was with Doe gave me a push on the shoulder that caused me to fall, and said to the others, d-n your eyes run, and they immediately ran away; I looked for the watch but it was gone, and have not seen it since; I looked after them, and saw them turn the corner of Mary-le-bonne-street; I noticed Doe particularly; the other asked for the paint, and Doe said he did not care what he paid for it; I took a light with me into the shop by which I saw him; there was nobody there but myself and them, and my child asleep; I was with the officer on the 10th, when he took them in Dyot-street, St. Giles's; they were coming out of a public-house, and I immediately pointed out Doe, and Spikes I thought had the appearance of the other man.
JOHN WARREN sworn. - I apprehended the prisoners on the 10th of last month, in Dyot-street, just as they came out of the Turk's Head public-house; the prosecutrix said she was very certain Doe was one; but could not be so clear as to Spikes; I found no watch.
Doe's defence. I am innocent as the child unborn; I had witnesses here yesterday to prove I was elsewhere at the time; but they are not here to-day.
Spikes's defence. I know nothing about it; I never saw the place.


                  John 
                  Doe
               



            , GUILTY, aged 18.




               Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
George Spikes, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
