





227. 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     CRAWLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of January
, a trunk, value 2s. two gowns, value 15s. two petticoats, value 10s. a pair of pockets, value 2s. a bed-gown, value 1s. four muslin handkerchiefs, value 4s. two pocket handkerchiefs, value 2s. a night can, value 6d. two fans, value 1s. a netting cale, value 6d. a towel, value 6d. a pair of gloves, value 6d. an apron, value 1s. 6d. a printed bound book, value 6d. and three pamphlets, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Rebecca 
                     Withers
                  



               
            .
Second Count. Laying them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Ward
                  



               
            .


                  REBECCA 
                  WITHERS
               



             sworn. - On the 11th of January I lost a trunk, containing the articles mentioned in the indictment; I came up in the stage from Great Baddow; it was in the coachman's care; I came up in the stage at the same time; the last time I saw it, was at Baddow; I was waiting for the trunk in the coach-office at Whitechapel, and it could not be found.
WILLIAM ANGELL sworn. - I am a coachman; I drive the coach from Burnham to London; Burnham is the furthest stage; I took up this lady with the trunk at Great Baddow; I did not miss the trunk till we got into the yard of the Bull Inn, Aldgate; we got in a little before five; I think the trunk was put into the basket behind, at the top; we missed it in the yard; the prisoner came up with the coach from Maldon, he sat upon the hind part of the roof of the coach; he left us in the Inn yard; I did not see him go out of the yard; he paid his fare when he got up.


                  CHARLES 
                  GORING
               



             sworn. - I keep a winevaults in Clare-street, Clare-market: and Mrs. Sunderland, who keeps a house in Holles-street, came to me on Monday, the 12th of January, and gave me information; in consequence of which, I went over with her, the prisoner was in Mrs. Sunderland's back parlour; I questioned him respecting the trunk; I had not seen it then; he said it was his; I went up stairs with him, and asked him to point out what things were in the trunk; he said it was women's wearing apparel in the trunk, as much as cost him thirty guineas; he said he had bought them for his wife, and after he had bought them, she behaved ill to him, and he had taken them away from her, and left her at Portsmouth; I asked him to recollect particularly if there was any thing in the trunk belonging to any person besides him, and he said, there was not; upon that, I told him I should detain him and the trunk, upon suspicion of his having stolen it; I took him to Bow-street; I told him the consequence of owning things that did not belong to him, but he still persisted; I gave him an opportunity several times of going away, if he pleased; I went over to the office, and left him at the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



            , and when I came out again, he was walking backwards and forwards; he might have got away, if he would; when he was before the Magistrate, he said they belonged to a Mrs. Walker at Gosport; that she had intrusted him to take them into his care, as he was coming to town; the Magistrate then committed him for further examination; the next day, or the day after, Mrs. Withers came to my house, and saw the trunk.
Mrs. SUNDERLAND sworn. - I live at No. 20, Holles-street, Clare-market: On Sunday evening, the 11th of January, the prisoner came to my house about seven o'clock; he came to take a lodging for himself and another sailor; there was a young man with him dressed like a sailor; the prisoner at the bar had a small box; I saw him open the box, to shew that he had abundance of things in it to pay the lodgings; it was only corded round when I saw it; it was not locked; he told me his wife had gone away from him, and he had kept all her clothes; I said, I could not conceive it could be his wife's, for she was a small woman; he lodged at my house with her four months before; these things were much larger than her's; besides, she had only common clothes; they lodged with me four days, they had no box then; the young lad that he brought along with him, said, have nothing to do with that box, ma'am, for he has stole it; he denied the charge; I let him put it in a two-pair of stairs back room, which he had taken, and then they both went away, and said they would return in about half an hour; I saw no more of him till the next morning, then I asked him what was to be done with the box, and the young man again said he had stole it from a coach, and then the prisoner went to strike him; I was very much alarmed; then they both went up stairs, and opened it; I told him to be honest, and go and give up the box to the inn again; then he came down stairs, and said he would go to the inn, and bring the lady, or get her to send a porter for it.
Q. Did they say what inn? - A. No; they both said they came by the Portsmouth coach; I then went, and asked Mr. Goring's advice; while he was gone, there came a little woman, who said, she was his wife, that she had come for a box of her things that he had taken away, and that it had been left there by mistake; it was not the woman that lived with him when he lodged with me before; I asked her what it contained, and she could not inform me; she was going away, and the prisoner came in, and he insisted upon my giving upthe box, and I would not; I asked him if that was his wife, and he said, no, it was a woman he lived with; about four o'clock, he came with a man that called himself a constable, and three other men, to make me give it up, and then I went and fetched Mr. Goring, but the man afterwards disowned being a constable.
Prisoner's defence. I was coming through Whitechapel; I met a woman that asked me to take this trunk to my lodging; I opened it before Mrs. Sunderland, and when I lodged with her before, I rigged her and her daughter out with money that I had taken at Somerset-house. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Hotham
               



            .
