





19. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     GREGORY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of November
, a pair of sheets, value 7 s. and a hand-towel, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Plum
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room in his dwelling-house, let by contract to him to be used in and with the said lodging
            .


                  ANN 
                  PLUM
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 11, Bird-street, Grosvenor-square


; the prisoner at the bar came to me on the 10th of November to take a lodging; I let him one room at four shillings per week for him and his partner.
Q. Did he enter upon it then? - A. He came according to his promise between nine and ten o'clock in the evening; I lit him up stairs, and the next morning he got up before us, between six and seven o'clock; he called at the foot of the stairs to know what he was to do with the key of his room; I told him to put it under the back-room door, where we slept, me and my husband; he made a rattling with the key; my husband got up, and made search for the key, but could not find it; I got up and searched, but it was not there; I was obliged to get another key, and open the door, and when I entered the room, the bed-clothes were stripped down to the foot of the bed; a sheet was taken of the bed, and a clean towel out of the room; I expected that he would be back at breakfast time, but he never returned; when he took the lodging, he told me that he was a carpenter, and that he had been a barrack builder; I asked him for a reference for his character; he said he was quite a stranger in London, that he came from Wantage, in Berkshire, and was to get up early the next morning to meet Mr. Taylor, the waggoner, that his chest was coming by; I never saw him from that time till last Sunday morning.
Q. I suppose you have not the smallest doubt but that the sheet was in the room, and the towel? - A. They were in the room; I was the person that lighted him to bed; I made the bed myself, and left the towel in the room; last Sunday morning my husband went accidentally into the Spotted Dog public-house, in Oxford-street, the corner of Bird-street, Manchester-square, and there he saw the prisoner at the bar, and my husband gave charge of him to the watchman.


                  JOHN 
                  BIRD
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman: I was going by the Spotted Dog, the corner of Bird-street, to the watch-house, just at seven o'clock in the morning; Plum sent a man out to call the watch as I was coming by the door; I went into the house, and saw the prisoner, and took him to the watch-house; I searched him, and he said he had left a bundle at the Spotted Dog; I went back directly; I found the bundle, and the great coat he has now on; I kept the bundle, and the great coat was given to him by the desire of the constable; there is none of the prosecutrix's property in the bundle; there are two old window curtains, and two sheets; I and my brother, by searching his pockets, found a paper where he robbed an old lady.
Q.(To the prosecutrix.) I understood you to say that you put him to bed between nine and ten o'clock? - A. Yes.
Q. Who were in your house besides you? - A. There were some other lodgers.
Q. You are quite clear, that when you went to the door, you found the door locked, and you could not open it but by the means of another key? - A. No, and I never found the key from that time to this.
Jury. Q. Was there any other key in the house that would open that door? - A. Yes, there was, but I had it in my possession.
Prisoner's defence. I am very innocent of the crime; there were other lodgers in the house; the reason I went away was, I have not had the use of my hand for this twelvemonth, and I thought I could not pay the lodging.



               GUILTY
            , aged 51.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
