





637. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BALCHIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of July
, a saw, value 3 s. six planes, value 6 s. an oil stone, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Edwards
                        



                     
                  ; two saws, value 8 s. fifteen planes. value 15 s. an oil stone, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Sims
                        



                     
                  ; a square, value 1 s. an oil stone, value 1 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Crow
                        



                     
                  ; a saw, value 4 s. a plow, value 6 s. two planes, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ellis 
                           Hobday
                        



                     
                  ; two saws, value 7 s. a glue pot, value 5 s. and a sash filaster, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hobday
                        



.


                  SAMUEL 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am a journeyman carpenter
. On the 26th of July I lost five saws and twenty planes out of Hemlock court


, where I was at work.
Q You do not know of your own knowledge of the prisoner taking them - A. No.


                  RICHARD 
                  SIMS
               



            . I am a carpenter
; I lost four saws and thirty eight planes out of Hemlock court; I was at work with the last witness.


                  THOMAS 
                  HEDGE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; the prisoner pawned a saw and a plane with me on the 30th of July.


                  JAMES 
                  BLAND
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner pawned with me an oil stone and a trying square on the 28th of July.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the things in Newgate street, at a wine vaults; I cannot exactly say the sign; it is the first wine vaults on the left hand as you come from Skinner street; one of the men that I bought them off was dressed in sailor's clothes; one of them gave me the name of Crow and the other Jackson; I purchased as many of the tools as I had money for; had I any more money I should have purchased the rest of the tools.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Heath.
