





762. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CHESTERMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of October
, a cloth great coat, value 10s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Dart
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DART
               



             sworn. - I was at the Ship and Horse Shoe, in East Smithfield


, last Monday was a week: I lost my great coat from there, it was a blue surtout coat, I had it on when I went into the house, I pulled it off, and put it on a chair in the back parlour, that was the room I sat in; I might have been in two or three hours before I missed it; the prisoner was in the room; I never saw the coat afterwards.


                  MARY 
                  READING
               



             sworn. - I am servant at the Ship and HorseShoe; Mr. Dart pulled off his coat in the parlour; the prisoner came in a little after him; about two hours and a half after that, I saw the prisoner take the coat off the back of the chair, put it on his arm, and go out at the door; I had no thought that it was stolen till the coat was enquired for about ten minutes after.
Q. You knew it was Dart's coat? - A. Yes.
Q. Why did not you mention when you saw him take it? - A. I did not pay any attention, I was taking my reckoning.
Q. Are you sure it was the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say that you saw a black man take the coat, and go out with it upon his arm? - A. No, a black man opened the door to assist him out, they both came into the house together, and drank together.


                  MARY 
                  RILEY
               



             sworn. - I live in New-street; I went into the parlour of the Ship and Horse Shoe, I saw Mr. Dart lay his coat upon the back of the chair; I saw the prisoner take the coat, and go out at the door with it; I told Mr. Dart of it, but he was so much in liquor, he did not take notice.
Q. Did you see the black man? - A. Yes, he was a sidler in the parlour, and after the prisoner was gone away, the black man came back to look for his stick.


                  KENNETH 
                  MACLEOD
               



             sworn. - I am one of the headboroughs of St. John's, Wapping: About six o'clock the same evening I apprehended the prisoner on Saltpetre-bank, a little distance from where the coat was taken from; I went over several apartments in the house, and at last found him concealed behind the door; I asked the prisoner what he had done with the coat, the black man was with me; the prisoner and the black man had some conversation together, and then he said he would tell me where the coat was sold; I went to the place where he directed me, but it was not there.
Prisoner's defence. He told me he would let me go if I told him where the coat was; I was very much in liquor. 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  THOMPSON
               



            .
