





327
               . 
                     HENRY 
                     MILES
                  , alias 
DEEPER





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of January
, twenty-five yards of linen cloth, value 2l. 4s. fourteen yards of calico, value 24s. twenty-eight yards of other calico, value 3l. 4s. fourteen yards of other calico, value 22s. and twenty-five ells of linen cloth, value 34s.
             the property of 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Sills
               



            , the elder, 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Sills
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Sills
                  



               
            , the younger.
Second Count. Laying it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Wallace
                  



               
            . and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harding
                  



               
            .
Third Count. Laying it to be the property of persons unknown.(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)
JOHN-
               
                  WINTER 
                  PIGEON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am in the employ of Messrs. Sills, who keep the Hambro' Wharf






; their names are Jonathan Sills, the elder, Joseph Sills, and 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Sills
               



            , the younger: On the 18th of December, I received a bale of goods from Messrs. Wallace and Harding, linen-drapers

, in Cheapside: they were lodged in our warehouse on the wharf, for the purpose of being conveyed to Whitchurch, in Hampshire, by the Basingstoke canal, which was at that time stopped by the frost.
Q. How long was it before you missed any part of the bale? - A. The 10th of January; I discovered that it had been cut open, and a considerable quantity of it taken away; the prisoner continued at work as usual for a week or ten days after, and then he absented himself without leave; he was absent a whole week, and the Monday of the following week, in consequence of information I received, I went down to Great Marlow, in Buckinghamshire, to the house of 
               
                  Ellis 
                  Harvey
               



            , that was before Harvey had made any discovery; I got a search-warrant to search his house; we found nothing till we were coming out of the house, I saw that his child had a frock on exactly of the same pattern as a piece which I had brought down to ascertain whether they were the same goods or not; in consequence of that, I made a further search; I then went to the house of another witness, Mrs. East, a butcher, at Great Marlow, the constable has the property that I found at her house; I found some more at the house of Mrs. Plumridge, her husband is a bricklayer, she is a shop-keeper, the constable has that property; I found some at a pawnbroker's at Great Marlow; I found some more at the house of one Lawrence; some more at the house of a person of the name of Winter; neither Lawrence nor Winter are here; some at a person's of the name of Humphreys; others at a person's of the name of Crust; and others at a person's of the name of Clark.
ANN EAST sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am the wife of Zachary East, a butcher, at Marlow: Mr. Pigeon came to our house, and found some linen; I had it from 
               
                  Ellis 
                  Harvey
               



            's wife, on the 20th of January, ten yards and a quarter of dowlas, and two yards of printed cotton.
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A. I have seen him many a time go along Marlow streets; he saw the stuff lie on the table; he asked me if I was making smock-frocks; he said he wanted one; he then gave me a touch on the side, and held up his hand; I took him to mean that I was to hold my tongue; I gave Mrs. Harvey one shilling and sixpence an ell for the dowlas, and twenty-pence a yard for the cotton; I delivered it to the constable; I bought it by patterns that she produced me.
Mrs. PLUMRIDGE sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I keep a shop at Marlow: On the 16th of January, I purchased of Mrs. Harvey nine yards of blue Irish, at fourteen-pence a yard; it was afterwards delivered to the constable: I had seen the prisoner twice, about two months before I bought this.
JAMES PUDDEFORD sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a pawnbroker at Marlow, (Produces three yards of printed calico); on the 17th of January, it was pledged at my shop, but I do not know by whom, my wife took it in. (Produces the duplicate).
WILLIAM DAY sworn. - Examined by Mr.Knowlys. Q. Did you ever see the prisoner? - A. Yes; I saw him at Great Marlow, in Buckingham shire, about nine weeks ago, I did not see any thing that he had; a day or two after that, I purchased of Mrs. Harvey five yards and a half of printed calico, at a place called Burrows-grove.
Q. Did you see the prisoner in company with Harvey, among other people? - A. Yes, I did; they seemed to be acquainted, they were drinking together.
Mrs. HARVEY sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am the wife of Ellis Harvey, I live at Great Marlow, in Buckinghamshire: This is the printed cotton that I sent by my daughter to Mr. Puddeford's, the pawnbroker's; I delivered the duplicate of it to the constable; I had it from my husband.
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A. Yes; I have seen him several times at Marlow; he brought a bit of stuff to my house in a sack, I think it was a little better than a week before Mr. Pigeon came down, he left it all day at my house, till night; he fetched it at night, and brought it back again next day; there was a bit of cotton, and a bit of dowlas; he put it into a bag, and carried it away; I do not know what he did with it afterwards.
Q. Did you ever dispose of any thing to Mrs. East? - A. Yes; a bit of dowlas, and two yards of printed cotton.
Q.Where did you get that dowlas and cotton from? - A.From my husband, before the prisoner came, about a week.
Q.Had you ever any dealings with Mrs. Plumridge? - A. Yes; I sold her nine yards of blue Irish; that I had from my husband likewise.
Q.Was that before the prisoner came to your house? - A. Yes; Mr. Pigeon afterwards came to my house, and took notice of my child's frock; I had that from my husband.
Q. Who did you pay the money to, that you received from Mrs. East and Mrs. Plumridge for these things? - A. I brought it home, put it into a little wooden bowl, and my husband gave it to the prisoner at the bar several days afterwards.
Q. Had you any thing for your trouble in disposing of these things? - A. Only a little frock that my child had on.


                  ELLIS 
                  HARVEY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I carry chalk in a barge as far as Egham, sometimes further: I know the prisoner at the bar very well; I came up to town in January, upon some business of my own; I went to the Bowl and Pin public-house, in Thames-street, and asked if I could sleep there; they said, and welcome; the prisoner, Miles, was there.
Q. Did you know who Miles worked for? - A. Yes, for Mr. Sills, at the Hambro' Wharf; he asked me to go to his lodgings, at the Cart and Horse, just by the Bowl and Pin; I went with him, and sat and drank with him till half past ten, and I went up to bed with him, and we talked a considerable time about this cotton; he got up early in the morning to go to work; and he took a large brown paper parcel off the bed, he asked me if I had got any money in my pocket; I said I had but ten-pence; he persuaded me to carry some of it to Marlow, and to send him up fifteen shillings as soon as I could; I took it to Marlow; I asked him how he came by it; he said he came by it very honest, he found it; he told me there was no danger to carry it, for he had cut the names off, so that nobody could swear to it, for my safety, if any body took me; my wife disposed of it, and I disposed of a little of it; he came to my house, at Marlow, with a sack upon his shoulders, about a week afterwards; he put it down under the table, and sat down by it, and said he was very poor; he asked my little girl to go and pawn a bit at the pawnbroker's, Mr. Puddeford's; the girl pawned it, and brought six shillings and three halfpence, and gave him.
Q.Was your wife at home at this time? - A. Yes; I believe it was pawned in my wife's name; she gave the duplicate to her mother, I believe; I was at home when he received the money, and he took me to the White-hart and gave me some ale; the things in the sack consisted of some dowlas, frocking for smock-frocks, and some children's frocking; he was backwards and forwards with me for a week, that I can swear for, I was in his company almost every day while he was there; he told me if I would bring a punt to the Hambro' Wharf he knew how to get some more out.
Q. Did he tell you how he got it? - A. Yes; he said he took it out of a small truss, put it in his smock-frock, and brought it home to his lodgings in the dusk of the evening; I was taken up, and had before Mr. Pigeon at the White-horse; I was confined one night by Mr. Pigeon's order; Mr. Pigeon took notice of a frock that my child had on; the stuff it was made with I had from the prisoner at the bar, part of what he gave me in London; I know that my wife disposed of what I brought from from London; my wife put the money into a little wooden dish, and I gave it into his hand, it was silver and halfpence, and a seven shilling-piece; it was kept apart from my own.
Prisoner. Q. He has been tried at Aylesbury himself? - A. Yes; a man at Langley swore against me for some fowls, and I was acquitted, at the sessions, before my Lord Temple.
Prisoner. Q. He has been tried four or five times? - A. I never was but once in my life in prison.
Prisoner. Q. The constable will prove it; did not you propose to me to leave the wharf for a night, and you would rob the wharf with a punt? - A. No such thing.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not propose to steal a watch belonging to a man of the name of Edwards? - A. I never did in my life.
Prisoner. Q.Were you not tried for stealing of iron? - A. No; not no other thing but the fowls.


                  JOHN 
                  GOLDSWAIN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am deputy constable at Marlow. (Produces the different articles of property received from different persons at Marlow).
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A. Yes; I have seen Harvey and the prisoner together at a public-house at Marlow; it was some time in January.
Q. Did you ever know Harvey accused of any thing? - A. Only once for some fowls, and then he was acquitted.
Q. Have you a duplicate to produce? - A. No; I had one, but I have lost it; I had it from Mrs. Harvey.


                  JOHN 
                  ABRAHAMS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am porter to William Wallace and John Harding, linen-drapers, in Cheapside, they have no other partners: I delivered a bale of linens and cottons on the 21st of December, to go to Whitchurch, for one Richardson, by the Basingstoke canal; I I took it to the Hambro' Wharf myself, and delivered it to one of the clerks; I saw it again about three weeks after, Mr. Pigeon shewed it to me, cut open, and some goods taken out; I packed up the goods myself; I missed from the truss a whole piece of printed calico, a piece of Hambro' rough, which is a coarse linen cloth, that they make smock-frocks and bags of; I also missed a piece of Irish linen dyed blue.
Q. Look at that piece.(The piece that was pawned)? - A. I have no doubt but this is the same; it is the same quality, and firmness, and of the same pattern; it is in every respect like it.
Q. Look at that piece. (The piece found at Day's)? - A. I believe this to be a part of the piece that was lost from the truss, it is fine calico; I really do believe it is the same.
Q. Look at that piece of blue Irish? - A. This is of the same quality and pattern.
Q. Look at these two pieces. (from Mrs. East's)? - A. I believe these to be the very same.
Prisoner's defence. I am as innocent of the charge laid to me as an unborn baby.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
