






744. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SQUIRES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     HANSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th of August
, a sack, value 1 s. and a keg of butter, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ivory
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  IVORY
               



            . I am a broker
; I live at 18, Crutched Friers; I lost the butter out of my warehouse, Mark-lane


.


                  EDWARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a officer of Lambeth-street office. On the 28th of August, about half past six in the morning, I received information that the two prisoners had gone into Squires' house; I went to Squires' house with Griffiths, and in the lower room were the two prisoners; a bag was in the middle of the room which contained two hams and two kegs of butter, I asked the prisoner Hanson what he had got there, he said it was of no consequence to me, it was a couple of stinking hams. We secured the prisoners and the property, and took them to the office.


                  GEORGE 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am clerk and warehouse-man to Mr. Ivory. On the 16th of last month I secured the doors of Mr. Ivory's warehouse, and on the morning of the 28th I found them broken open, we missed two kegs of butter, two sacks, and three hams.
The property produced and identified.
Squires' Defence. I went out on Monday morning about half after six; when I came home these sacks were in the room, I asked my wife who left it, she said a man came in and left it there; he said he would call for it in the morning.
Hanson's Defence. I went into Squires' house, Squires and another man were looking in the bag, Squires said a man had left it there, he hoped he would not call for it; I had not sat down half a minute when the officers came and took me in custody.
Squires called one witness, who gave him a good character.
Hanson called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
SQUIRES, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 31.
HANSON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
