





679. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BOLD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of October
, twenty-five steel counter-sinks and cutters, value 50 s. fourteen steel broaches, value 56 s. twenty-seven steel arbers and drills, value 27 s. four steel taps, value 30 s. forty-seven steel taps, value 2 l. 7 s. a sliding cuniper, value 10 s. an olimandel, value 10 s. two finished gun screws, value 7 s. and three ram rods, value 7 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Manton
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MANTON
               



             sworn. - Q. You are a gun-maker
? - A. Yes, in Dover-street


: The prisoner at the bar worked at gun barrels
 for me; I think I had employed him for about seven years.
Q. When was it that you missed any thing from your premises? - A. I missed several articles for about these nine months, they were mostly working tools.
Q. Did the prisoner work for you down to the time he was apprehended? - A. He had been absent for about a fortnight; I had lent him half a guinea to buy his children somewhat, and he had never come afterwards.
Q. You did not know that he was going to quit your service? - A. No.
Q. Where was it that he lived? - A. At Mr. Rust's, in King-street, in the Haymarket: On Monday the 14th, in consequence of information I went to Rust's house; we went into the prisoner's room in consequence of what he told me about the prisoner working at home, we found a great many articles.
Q. Was the prisoner there? - A. No, the prisoner had absconded, and the children were out at nurse.
Q. Did you find things there which you knew to be your property? - A. Yes. Some of the things were in a table drawer, and some on the table, and there were several articles we found in different parts of the room, they were put in this box; I knew them to be mine; the box was locked, and I had the key of it; the box was deposited with Mr. Coe, a working sadler, who worked for Mr. Gibson, in Coventry-street; it was sealed in the presence of Rust, after it was taken from Coe, it was taken to Marlborough-street Office; it was opened there, and the officer Warren took it in his possession at the Office.
Q. It was in the same state when produced at the Office, as when it was delivered to Coe, sealed and locked? - A. It was.


                  JOHN 
                  WARREN
               



             sworn. - That box was delivered to your care at the Public office? - A. Yes; it is in the same state now as then; it has been in my custody ever since.


                  SAMUEL 
                  RUST
               



             sworn. - I live in King-street, in the Hay-market. The prisoner lodged at the top back-room in my house.
Q. Was that the room that you had shewn Mr. Manton? - A. Yes; he had lived with me about three months; he occasionally worked at home on Sundays.
Q. What sort of work did he seem to be employed in? - A. He used to melt something in a ladle on the fire; he left my house about the 12th of October.
Q. Did you know of his going? - A. I did not.
Q. You were present, when Mr. Manton found the several articles contained in that box? - A. I was, I saw them put in the box. The reason I suspected he would not come home as usual, I found the key in the lock, and I missed the sheets off the bed, I looked round and saw a great many tools about the room; I knew where he worked; I went to Mr. Manton.
Q. Had you any suspicion of the tools, before he went away? - A. No. I never saw but few tools before.


                  JOHN 
                  ASHTON
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to Mr. Manton; I know the prisoner as working with Mr. Manton; I was present when the room was searched, and these are the articles that were found in the room.
Mr. Manton.) I divide these things as they are stated, first the steel counter sinks, I know them because they are made in my own premises; I have a particular machinery for making my barrelswhich cost me upwards of a thousand pounds. These are steel taps and screws that belong to a machine; they have been taken out to repair.
Q. A person without a machine could not make any use of them? - A. They could be made taps to make screws of for other purposes.
Q. There are no marks on any of these things? - A. I have seen them often enough to know that they are mine; these steel broaches I missed, I can speak positively to them; this is a mander, it was made to finish the collar of a machine; this the prisoner made himself for me, I have a thing at home that it fits; I know all the things perfectly to be mine; this is a patent gun broach, nobody in the trade has them.
Q. Did you entrust the prisoner with these tools to work at home at all or out of your premises? - A. Never, they were tools that were very expensive, and that he could not work at home with, except he cobled up for the trade, which I expected; we cannot swear to ram-rods, they are so much alike; all the others I can speak to, I have not the least doubt they are mine; I paid him two guineas a week when he worked; I had lent him five guineas to bury his wife; he now owes me above thirty pounds which I lent him in different distresses.
Prisoner's defence. The time I was at work, I had 14 s. a week to pay out of my wages, I was out of work at this time, I could not work for the pain of my arm that I hurt in the machine, I made the mander.
Prosecutor. I bought several tools of him when he came to work for me, and part of these tools were stole by a fellow that worked with me before; the mander he helped me to hunt for some months before; I have lost two guns that I found out since.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
