





469. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MILLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of June
, a coat, value 20s. a waistcoat, value 10s. a part of breeches, value 10s. a pair of boots, value 10s. and a hat, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Foster
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of David Owen
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  FOSTER
               



             sworn. - I am a clerk in Lord Grenville's Office
: The property, which is specified in the indictment, I saw a little before eight o'clock, at my lodgings, at Mr. Owen's, a tailor, No. 7, Norfolk-street


; I know nothing of the loss myself.


                  DAVID 
                  OWEN
               



             sworn. - I only prove that this house, in which Mr. Foster lodges, is my house.


                  JAMES 
                  TALBOYS
               



             sworn. - I attend the coldbath, in Strand-lane, and live at the watch-house, under my father: Last Saturday morning, a little before eight o'clock, I was standing at the gate of the cold-bath, I observed the prisoner pass me with some clothes, a hat, and a pair of boots, in his arms; I suspected he had not come honestly by them; my neighbour Davis, and I, followed him into the Strand; I raised a cry of stop thief, and he was stopped in Newcastle-street by a drayman, and given into the custody of Thomas Davis; he dropped the coat, waistcoat, breeches, and boots, but still retained the hat, which he then had in his hand; I took the hat out of his left hand, and took him to the watch-house; I made enquiry in the neighbourhood, and Mr. Foster claimed the property.


                  THOMAS 
                  DAVIS
               



             sworn. - I am a chimneysweeper, in Strand-lane: I went after the prisoner with the last witness; I saw him drop the clothes in Wych-street, and I picked them up (produces them); he was stopped immediately by a drayman; I am sure he is the same person.


                  THOMAS 
                  BAILEY
               



             sworn. - I live in Little-Drury-lane: I heard the cry of stop thief, and saw the prisoner drop the clothes in Wych-street; I never lost fight of him till he was taken.
Mr. Foster. I can positively swear to these clothes; they were made by Mr. Owen; I lost a new suit about two months ago, and I had these made in the room of them.

Q. 
            (To Owen.) Do you know how he got in? - A. No; I should suppose the girl was cleaning the door, and had gone backwards for some water; the clothes all laid in the back parlour.

Prisoner's defence. A man gave them me to carry. GUILTY, aged 22.




               Of stealing goods to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
