





619. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MOUNT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Harris
                     




                  , about the hour of eight in the night, of the 29th of August
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing, a pair of sheets, value 4s. a blanket, value 3s; a counterpane, value 2s. and a gold watch, value 5l.
             the property of the said 
               
                  Richard 
                  Harris
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  HESTER
               



             sworn. - I live with Mr. Richard Harris, in Symond's-inn


: On Friday the 29th of August, his chambers were broke open; I went out and left Mr. Harris in the chambers; I returned a little before nine, the laundress came out as I went in; I almost immediately after heard a noise in the bed-room; I went into the bed-room to see what it was; I looked under the bed and round the room, but could see nothing; then I heard the venetian blinds in the bed-room shake; I went to the window, moved the blind, and found the window open, which I knew had not been open all day; under this window were some leads of a few yards width, and upon looking out at the window, I saw a man making his escape from the staircase window, without a hat; Mr. Harris's window is two stories high, and this staircase window is between one and two story; I saw the bed-clothes lying upon the leads, under the window; I pursued down stairs, and saw the man running without his bat, in the inn, there was no other man near; I held him some few minutes till somebody came to my assistance, we found nothing upon him.
Prisoner. Q. Did you lose sight of the object you were in pursuit of? - A. I did for a few minutes; when I first saw him, he turned towards the back gate, but that being fastened, he turned back again.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITTON
               



             sworn. - I heard of Mr. Harris being robbed, and after the prisoner was taken, I found a watch close by where he had like to have got away from Mr. Hester; Mr. Harris has got the watch.
JOHN BARTON sworn. - In consequence of the alarm, I went upon the leads, and found a hat upon the leads, which I delivered over to the constable; I took it to the watch-house, and in consequence of his saying he had lost it in a particular place in the scuffle with Hester, I stated to have found it there, he said it was like the hat, but he did not believe it to be his; I examined the place, and found that a hole had been cut in the plaister wall, between the leads and the window for a foot-step, and it occurred to me, that he must have whitened his shoes; I then went back to the watch-house to look at his shoes, and found that the inside of the left shoe had scraped against the wall.
JOHN BLUNDELL sworn. - I am a constable: I know nothing of the robbery; I received the man into custody, and the property. (Produces it; as also the hat and shoes).


                  RICHARD 
                  HARRIS
               



             sworn. - I know nothing of the robbery myself, I was so lame as not to be able to get off my chair; the sheets have my own name upon them, the gold watch is mine; I know them all to be mine.
Q. Can you positively say whether the window had been open that day or not? - A. No; I was extremely ill, and occasionally obliged to lie down, and in that situation I should not have suffered the window to be open.
Q.(To Hester.) Was the man without a hat when you first saw him? - A. Yes.
Q. Was it dark? - A. Yes.
Prisoner's defence. I was going past, I heard the cry of stop thief; there was a man and two women before me, and this gentleman came up and laid hold of me; the bat is not mine, the shoes are mine; I am a shoemaker, and every shoemaker whets his knife upon his shoe, and using a white stone it makes the shoe white.




               GUILTY of stealing the gown, value 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  HOTHAM
               



            .
