







747. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of October
, nineteen yards of flannel, value 27s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Beaumont
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BEAUMONT
               



             sworn. - I am a widow, and keep a haberdasher's shop
 in Aytebary-street, Clerkenwell


: On the 15th of October, about one o'clock in the day, I was at dinner in the parlour behind the shop; I had left the shop door open; I heard a cry of stop thief; I immediately ran to the door, and saw the prisoner Williams turning the corner of Woodbridge street; I ran after him, and saw him drop a piece of flannel, which I picked up; he was taken, and brought back to my shop; the flannel has my private mark upon it; I am sure the prisoner, Williams, is the same person.


                  MARY 
                  ESTERBY
               



             sworn. - I was sitting with my barrow in the street, within three doors of Mrs. Beaumont's shop; I saw the two prisoners cross the way, they passed me, and Williams went into Mrs. Beaumont's shop, the other stood about a yard and a half from the door; Williams came out in less than half a minute, with a piece of flannel; he peeped twice into the shop before he went in; I ran from my barrow, and fell down; I then gave an alarm; I saw them both run down Wood-bridge-street; they were both brought back in less than ten minutes; I am sure the prisoners are the same persons.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WHITEHEAD
               



             sworn. - I heard the last witness make an alarm; I saw two men before me, one of them had a bundle; I pursued, and cried, stop thief; they both ran down Woodbridge-street, and I ran forward into St. John's-street, as I knew they must come out into St.John's-street; I pursued them into Northampton-street; one took one side of the way, and the other the other; Clarke turned down to some ruins; I pursued the other, laid hold of him, and brought him back; the other was secured immediately, and they were both brought back together.


                  FRANCES 
                  GREEN
               



             sworn. - I am Mrs. Beaumont's servant; I saw the two prisoners running down Woodbridge-street, but I did not see the flannel; I ran after them, and when I got to the ruins, Isaw Charke come out, and run into a court; I followed him, and found him in a necessary; I laid hold of him by the coat, and brought him out; a man then came up, and loosed him from me; I laid hold of him again, and a constable came up and took him from me.
( - Taverner, a constable, produced the stannel, which was identified by Mrs. Beaumont.)
Williams's defence. I am quite innocent; I heard an outcry, I went to see what was the matter; and a man laid hold of me.
Clarke's defence. I was going to look for work, I am quite innocent.
Williams, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 17.
Clarke, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
