







33. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     PIPER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     PIPER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of November
, eight hundred pounds weight of flax, value 35l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Hugh 
                     Atkins
                  




               
            .(The Case was opened by Mr. Knapp).
FRANCIS RUSTON sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I was captain of the Minerva in October last; part of the cargo was flax.
Q. Do you know that Mr. Atkins was consignee of some flax in the Minerva? - A. I understand so.
Q. Did you give notice to Mr. Atkins that the ship was arrived? - A. Yes; I waited upon Mr. Atkins, in consequence of which a person was sent to the ship by Mr. Atkins; he sent his lighterman with the craft, and we put some flax into it: how much, I cannot say; my mate can tell you; his name is 
               
                  William 
                  Bennett
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BENNETT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am mate of the Minerva, Captain 
               Ruston
            : I delivered the flax into the craft that was sent by Mr. Atkins.
Q. How long did the delivery take up? - A. I began on Tuesday the 4th of November; on Wednesday the 5th, another parcel; and Friday the 7th, another.
Court. Q. The parcels that you put in were never unladen? - A. No; they were in the same bulk that we received them at Petersburgh; there were four hundred and fifty-six bobbins, that is, flax done up at both ends; part of them contained nine heads, and part twelve; after I had delivered them all into the craft, the lightermen, Arthur and Williams, took it away.
Q. Where was the Minerva at that time? - A. In Cherry-garden tier, on the Surry-side of the water; the craft lay close along-side.
Q. All the flax then was safely delivered into the craft? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know that it is Mr. Atkins's property? - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. How do you know it is Mr. Atkins's property? - A. By the bill of lading.
Q. Is the bill of lading here? - A. I cannot tell that.
Mr. Knapp. (To Captain 
               Ruston
            ). Q. Did you see the flax on board? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see the flax afterwards at Worship-street? - A. Yes.
Q. Had it the same appearance with the flax you had lost? - A. One bottom of flax is like another; but there was just the quantity that we had lost.
Court. Q. Lost from where? - A. Either from the lighter or the shore.
JOHN ARTHUR, jun. sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. My father is a lighterman; he was employed by Mr. Atkins: I went down in the craft, in November last, for the bobbins of flax for Mr. Atkins, from the Minerva; she was lying off Wapping Old Stairs.
Q. Did you receive any bobbins at all? - A. No.
Q. Was any flax put into the craft? - A. Yes, by the people belonging to the Minerva; I was not in the craft at the time.
Q. Did you see any in the craft? - A. Yes, apparently a large quantity; I was to have delivered them at Davis's wharf, upon Mr. Atkins's account; I went to Davis's wharf, and then I went and fetched the watchman of Davis's wharf, Crawley; I saw the barge fastened, and I left it in the care of Crawley.
Q. Where is Davis's wharf? - A. Just below Battle-bridge, on the other side of the water; after I had seen the barge fast, I went home, that was on the 7th of November.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. How many days were you receiving the flax from the Minerva? - A. Three or four days.
Q. Did you yourself receive any orders from Mr. Atkins? - A. No.
Q. Were you by when any orders were given by Mr. Atkins? - A. No; I saw a letter.
Q. Excepting from the letter, you did not know on whose account you went? - A. No.
Q. Do you know how many bobbins of flax you received? - A. The account that was given to me, was four hundred and fifty-six, I did not count them myself.
Q. You did not know of any deficiency, when you delivered them at Davis's wharf? - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I was employed by Mr. Arthur, the lighterman, to go to the Minerva with the craft, for flax, for Mr. Atkins.
Court. Q.When was this? - A. I think on a Monday, in November; I went down the next day, Tuesday, and saw part of the flax then in the craft, it remained on board the craft all night along side the ship; on the Wednesday I went, and it was not all in; my orders were, not to take it till it was all in the craft; it was not all delivered to one craft; what was delivered, I went to Davis's wharf with; I fastened the craft to a ring belonging to the wharf; I waited about a quarter of an hour while the Custom-house officer went on shore to deliver the charge, then I went away and left the craft.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Did you ever see Atkins about this? - A. No.
Q. Therefore, whether you were sent by Atkins or not, you only know from Arthur? - A. Yes, I had a letter from Mr. Arthur.
Q. There were several hundred heads of flax on board the craft? - A. Yes.
Q. Several of them were broken, were they not? - A. Yes.
Q. Were you present when they were counted out? - A. No.

HUGH ATKINS. sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Did you send down to the Minerva for the purpose of delivering some flax from Russia? - A. Yes; I employed Mr. Arthur by letter to go to the ship Minerva, to take lighters to recieve the flax.
Q. Do you know, of your own knowledge, what quantity of flax was to be delivered? - A. Five hundred bobbins; when I heard it was landed, I went to Daivs's wharf to see it, that was, I suppose, about a week after; I had given the order to Arthur.
Q. That flax you considered as your's? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you find any missing? - A. Yes, nine bobbins; they weigh about one hundred weight a-piece.
Q. Have you seen any flax since, at the Justice's office? - A. Yes.
Q. Did the quantity that you saw at Davis's wharf, and those that you saw at the office, appear of a like quality? - A. They did.
Q. Did the quantity that you saw at the office, make up the deficiency at Davis's wharf? - A. Within a few heads.
Q. You are a flax broker? - A. I am.
Q. Are you sufficiently acquainted with the article to know whether it was Russian flax? - A. Yes.
Q. Was the flax you saw at Davis's wharf, and the flax that you saw at the office, Russian flax? - A. Yes; they were of the same quality.
Q. What quantity did you see at Worship-street? - A.Eight bobbins and a few loose heads.
Q. What is it worth? - A. About thirty-five pounds.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You did not see Arthur yourself? - A. No.
Q. And you gave him no order, except by letter? - A. By letter, and I sent a porter likewise.
Q. Is that porter here? - A. I should not know him if he was; I am in the habit of employing a great many, I took him from the 'Change.
Q. Did you find five hundred bobbins at Davis's wharf? - A. Yes, four hundred and ninety-one.


                  JOHN 
                  BELL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp.
I am clerk at Davis's wharf, kept by 
               
                  David 
                  Butt
               



             and company; we received four hundred and sixty bobbins of flax; the craft was fastened to the ring of the wharf; I took the weight of them, but I cannot recollect what it was.
Q. Did you find any deficiency? - A. Yes, there was a deficiency of twenty bobbins by the lighten bill, which expressed four hundred and fifty-six.


                  MICHAEL 
                  CHAWLEY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am watchman at Davis's wharf; I had the care of the lighter from Mr. Arthur's son, while the goods were in the lighter.
Mr. Gurney. Q. You would not let any body steal the flax while you had the care of the lighter. I suppose? - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  GAMSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a hemp and flax manufacturer, in Kingsland-road; I know the prisoner in the brown coat, 
               
                  Francis 
                  Piper
               



            , I do not know the other; about the 12th or 13th of November, I believe the prisoner at the bar, 
               
                  Francis 
                  Piper
               



            , came to our counting-house, and asked me if I would buy any flax, and pulled out a small sample of a pound weight out of his pocket, he assured me, that it was all like the sample; I enquired the quantity and the price; he said, the quantity, he supposed, might be from nine to ten hundred weight, and the price fifty-seven shillings a hundred.
Q. Was that a fair price or not? - A. From sixty-seven to sixty-eight shillings, was the market price at that time; I told him I could not purchase by that sample, I wished to see the bulk about the middle of the day; he came again, and brought a head of flax in a handkerchief, with the headband of the flax cut: I then told him, that I should rather see the bulk; I asked him again the price, and he was still in the same story; he said, he had lent a man fifty-five shillings a hundred weight upon it, he wanted money, and he must sell the flax; I told him it was not customary to sell flax by sample, could I see the bulk; I told him, I would send my brother to see it, and if he approved of it, he might bring the flax and have his money; he objected to my brother going to see the flax, by saying, the people of the house would not shew the flax without he was present, but he would bring the bulk for me to look at; he said, his horses and carts were then out, that he could not bring it before nine o'clock; I told him it was an odd time to look at flax, but that he might bring it; I immediately gave notice at Worship-street office.
Q. Did you see the other prisoner at all? - A. No, I did not see him till I saw him in custody at the Cherry-tree, opposite our house.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. In consequence of the information of Mr. Gamson, on Monday the 17th of November, by orders from the office, between eight and nine at night, in company with my brother officers, I went into Kingsland-road; coming near to Mr. Gamson's door, I observed a cart standing, apparently to me full; I then saw the two prisoners, as if going to say something, or had been saying something to one abother, I do not know which; the prisoner, Francis, went a little from the other, and I caught hold of him; the other prisoner I saw instantly in custody of the other officers; I then said to the prisoner, Francis, the other prisoner being close by, what is that cart loaded with, he said, go see, it is a hired cart, the contents are mine; I then said, sir, you have some bill of parcels, or something to shew; we then took both the prisoners to a public-house, had the cart secured at the door, and went into a little back room, I did not know then what it contained; I then addressed Francis, will you now tell me who you are, and where you live? I and the rest are constables; he did not, nor would not give his name, nor any residence, but after a little time, said, the contents came from a wharf over the water; I then said to the other prisoner, Edward, what is your name? he gave me his name directly, 
               
                  Edward 
                  Piper
               



            ; I had some occasion to speak to Francis again, and he said it was sold to Mr. Gamson; I went to Mr. Gamson's, and as I crossed, I saw the flax in the cart; Mr. Gamson came with me to where the prisoners were, and I turned Edward round, and said, sir, I will look at your coat, and upon his hat and great coat, there appeared to be dust, and on the coat little strings of flax; I told him, I should keep him, and he then informed me, that he was only asking the other prisoner the way to Hackney, and they never saw each other in their lives before; I found upon Edward two day rules of the Fleet, for the 7th and 10th of November; I then said, pray sir, where is there one for to-day, that was the 17th, his answer was, he had none; they were kept that night, and committed the next day.


                  JOHN 
                  VICKERY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am one of the officers belonging to Worship-street; I was with Armstrong and Mason; I apprehended Edward Piper; after they were brought into the office, they were put into separate rooms, where they could talk to and hear each other, there was nobody else; I was placed in a situation, in a necessary, close by, I heard Francis Piper-say, some time after they were locked up, where did you tell them you had been to? Edward Piper said, at Hackney; Francis Piper then said, how came you to let them take hold of you; he made answer, they had hold of me as soon as they had hold of you; Francis Piper then said, why did not you run away; the other made no answer at all to that; then Francis Piper again said, what shall I tell them my name is, to that 
               
                  Edward 
                  Piper
               



             made no answer; the next morning, I went to take Francis out of the watch-house, to take him before the Magistrate, and as I was bringing him along, I said to him, the man will think he has lost his horse and cart; he then said, d-n the horse and cart, he wished he had never seen the horse and cart, nor the stuff neither.
WILLIAM TENNANT sworn. - I am a hawker and pedlar; I keep a horse and cart, in partnership with 
               
                  Edward 
                  Piper
               



            .
Q. He was a prisoner in the Fleet, was he not? - A. Yes.
Q. You were in partnership with him, when he was a prisoner in the Fleet? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know 
               
                  Francis 
                  Piper
               



            ? - A. Yes; he is the brother of the other prisoner; Francis Piper applied to me for my horse and cart last Monday week; he said he wanted to do a job for the value of an hour and a half, or two hours; they were to go from Fleet-lane to the Curtain-road; I did not see the horse and cart again till the Thursday following; I saw it at Worship-street.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WALKER
               



            , jun. sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a flax-dealer in Mark-lane: I saw the flax that was produced at Worship-street, and I saw the bulk at Davis's Wharf.
Q. Are you acquainted with the different sorts of flax? - A. Yes.
Q. Did the flax, that you saw at the one place and the other, appear to be of the same quality? - A. Yes; they resembled each other so nearly, that I should think they are the same; I have not the least doubt but they are the same parcel of flax; it was Petersburgh flax.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. I believe most of the flax that comes into this country, it Russian flax? - A. Yes.
Q. A very large quantity of Russian flax, of the same quality, comes into this country? - A. Yes.
Q. You do not mean to swear to it? - A. No; but from certain appearances which can only be known to the trade, I judged that they must be the same parcel.
- PIKE sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a dealer in flax in the City-road.
Q. Have you heard Mr. Walker examined? - A. Yes.
Q. Having seen both these quantities, do you confirm him in opinion that they are of the same quality? - A. As to resemblance, I am of the same opinion with Mr. Walker. (Mr. Atkins produced the bill of loding, the indorsement of which is, "deliver the within contents to Mr. 
               
                  Hugh 
                  Atkins
               



            ."
Court. Q. Do you receive this with the goods? - A. No; not before they arrive; the goods are mine at this moment.
Court. (To Captain 
               Ruston
            ). Q.Look at that bill of lading? - A. This is the bill of lading that came with the goods.
The prisoners did not say any thing in their defence, but called five witnesses, who gave them a good character.
Francis Piper, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.


                  Edward 
                  Piper
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            , aged 35.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
