





414. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     WHITEHEAD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing. on the 20th of April
, two guineas, a half guinea, seven shillings, and three sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  Claude Francois 
                  de Stevenot
               




            .
CLAUDE FRANCOIS DE STEVENOT sworn. -Examined by an Interpreter. I live in Silver-street, No.2, Golden-square; I lost my money on Wednesday night, or Thursday morning, between twelve and one; I had been dining with one of my friends; the prisoner stopped me the corner of Crown-street, St. Giles's


; she laid hold of the flap of my coat, and wanted me to give her a six-pence or a shilling, on account of her unfortunate or distressed situation she was in; I was disposed to give her something, and went to put my hand into my pocket, and I found her hand in it, and she pulled all the money out of my pocket, and a half-guinea and two six-pences sell; oh, says she, God bless me! the money is fell down, and she ran away immediately; I kept my eye upon her, and observed the door where she went in; I called the watchman, and we looked at the place where the money fell, and we found the half-guinea and the two sixpences, which I gave to the watchman, having no other money about me, my pocket was turned inside out; this is the half-guinea which the watchman took up, and it is the same half-guinea I lost; I lost two guineas in gold, seven shillings in silver, and two six-pences.
Q. Have you found the two guineas? - A. No, nor the seven shillings.
Q. How soon was the prisoner taken up? - A. About four or five minutes after; she was apprehended in her own appartment.


                  JAMES 
                  MANNING
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman, at St. Giles's; it was between twelve and one o'clock when I was called; this gentleman called watchman, and I came immediately up to him, he shewed his pocket, and the place where the money was dropped, and I picked up half-a-guinea, and two six-pences; he shewed me the alley the woman was gone into; he told me that a person went into that house; there was an old woman, and I asked him, if that was the person that he wanted; no, says he; we went up stairs, and he said that was the person, and gave charge of her; she was in bed; I found two shillings and five-pence half-penny upon her.
JAMES PARRY sworn. - I am a patrol, belonging to St. Giles's parish; I was standing at the watch-box, at the time the prosecutor was crying out watchman, I am robbed, I am robbed! he said he had been robbed by one sat woman; he said that she went down this passage.
Court. Q. Did the prosecutor charge any body else besides this woman? - A. No, he did not; this woman had a light in her apartment, and the moment we knocked at the door to get in, the light went out immediately; the house is inhabited by unfortunate women.
Prisoner's defence. I never saw the prosecutor in my life, until I was apprehended.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
