





401. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Crook
                        




                     
                  , the said Thomas, and others of his family, being therein, about the hour of three, in the afternoon of the 26th of May
, and feloniously stealing a hat, value 21 s. a black silk cloak, value 2 l. 2 s. and three handkerchiefs, value 6 s. the property of the said Thomas
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CROOK
               



             sworn. - I live in Little Queen-street


.
Q. Are you a lodger, or a housekeeper? - A. A housekeeper.
Q. In what parish is it? - A. St. Giles's: On Saturday the 26th of May, about three o'clock in the afternoon, in consequence of a lodger coming to me, and saying she saw a man go up stairs; I went up with the key of the servant's room, and the key of our bed-room; I saw a key in the door of the two pair of stairs bed-room.
Q. Was that the room you slept in? - A. Yes.
Q. How had that room been left? - A. Locked.
Q. Are you sure of that? - A. Yes; we are always very particular in locking the door.
Q. Did you lock it yourself? - A. No; but the key was down stairs, I took it up with me.
Q. Where had you taken that key from? - A. Out of the kitchen; I opened the bed-room door, and saw the prisoner, the cupboard-door was open, which he was standing by; I took him by the collar.
Q. Had he any hat on? - A. Yes, this hat.
Q. Whose hat is that? - A. My own.
Q. Where had you left it? - A. In a hat-box, in the cupboard; I took him by the collar, he asked me what I did that for; and I said he was come to rob the house; he said he was come to some person, whose name I forget; I told him he should go along with me; he told me not to tear his clothes; he stooped down in the cupboard, and got shuffling about with the hat-boxes, I thought he might be feeling for something, I took him by the back part of his coat, and pulled him out of the cupboard; I told him he had no business there; upon which he took off my hat and put on his own, which was lying upon the floor, upon that I said, you have got my hat have you; I then brought him down to the bottom of the stairs, in the passage, I was giving the keys to the servant with my other hand; he gave himself a sudden twist, and ran off, upon which I immediately ran after him, and cried stopthief; he ran up Princes-court, up Turnstile, into Holborn, into Kingsgate-street, and Eagle-street; he fell down in Dean-street, he got up, and was laid hold of by another person; I took him myself into Holborn, he twisted to get out of my hands again, he ran about as far as two yards, I caught hold of his coat, and pulled him over; a man came over and offered his assistance, and as we were going along he offered me any thing to let him go; I told him I would have no satisfaction, but he should have justice; I took him into the kitchen, where I met with the beadle, he searched him, and found upon him some keys, and some Bank-notes; upon seeing the notes, I went up stairs to see if he had been at the drawers, and when I got up stairs I found this cloak, and these handkerchiefs, upon the landing outside the room-door.
Q. How high was this? - A. Two pair of stairs.
Q. Where had the cloak and handkerchiefs been before? - A. On the drawers in the room.
Q. Did you see them there? - A. No; I only knew from what Mrs. Crook said; I took the key out of the door.
Q. Was that your key? - A. No, it is not; it is a key of his, which he owned and asked for.
Q. How long had you been at home? - A. I suppose I had been at home about an hour, I had just done my dinner.
Q. Was your wife at home? - A. She was.
Q. What does your family consist of besides? - A. Two children, and a servant.
Q. Were they at home? - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Watson. Q. How many lodgers have you? - A. Two.
Q. Were they both at home? - A. Yes.
Q. What are their names? - A. Welchman and Lewin.
Q. Are they neither of them here? - A. No.
Q. Before you saw any body, one of your lodgers had seen the prisoner, or somebody else, before you saw him? - A. Yes.
Q. This was broad day-light? - A. Yes.
Q. How long was it before that you had seen this room? - A. I cannot say.
Q. Had you been there after you got up? - A. I cannot say.
Q. Therefore it is impossible for you to say that it was locked? - A. No.
Q. Did he ask for one of your lodgers? - A. No.
Q. He knocked at the door of one of your lodgers? - A. She saw him.
Court. Q. Did that key open your door? - A. Yes; and he had two other keys.


                  JOHN 
                  BLYTHE
               



             sworn. - I was standing in Holborn, near Kingsgate-street, I heard the alarm of stop thief; I went after the prisoner, but I did not come up till he got into Dean-street, I then took charge of him; I found upon him two pounds thirteen shillings, and these keys, (Producing them.)
Cross-examined by Mr. Watson. Q. They are common keys? - A. One of them the Magistrate desired me to shew in Court; I have been told by several people it will open almost any lock. As I was going along the top of Long-acre, he offered me five guineas to let him go; I told him if he offered an hundred I should not.
Prisoner's defence. One of these keys belong to my own room, and the other to my mother's; I went to this house for my master, for an extra man of my master's, of the name of Wilson; I knocked at the door up one pair of stairs, and the woman told me there was no such name there, I might go up stairs; I went up, and this gentleman came up, and said I wanted to rob the house; I told him I wanted Mr. Wilson, and then he pushed me about, and used me very ill; I did not run away.
GUILTY, aged 23.




               Of stealing the hat, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
