





462. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SYMONDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of September
, seven shirts, value 24 s. three pair of silk stockings, value 12 s. two pair of cotton stockings, value 2 s. a trunk, value 5 s. a pair of silver buckles, value 12 s. a waistcoat, value 2 s. and a cambric handkerchief, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Hollings
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  HOLLINGS
               



             sworn. - I live in Park-street, Grosvenor-square


: On the 5th of September, from information I received from the other servant, I suspected that 
               
                  William 
                  Symonds
               



             had stole some of my property; Symonds was a servant
 of mine, he took care of my horse, and did other things in the house besides; in consequence of this information, I told Symonds to turn out his pockets, and from a book that came out of his pocket, I saw four duplicates of things that were at the pawnbroker's, there were two of them that were in his own name; I sent for a constable, and took him to Bow-street; the Magistrate desired that I would go to these pawnbrokers, and examine the things that were there, and see if they were my property; I did, and I found they were my property; one of the pawnbroker's names was Turner, and the other's name was Sutherland; he was to have left my house the day this happened; at the time he turned his pocket out I saw a key, I went to a public-house where he had taken lodgings, Mr. Duratt's, the Castle, in Shepherd's-court, at the back of my premises, and in the room that he had taken, there was a leather trunk of mine, and the key that I found on him opened it; and when the constable opened the trunk, he found some more of my property in it: two shirts, three pair of silk-stockings, two pair of cotton-stockings, and two or three neck-handkerchiefs; these were found at the room he took for his lodgings; at Mr. Turner's, the pawnbroker, there were five shirts, a waistcoat, and a pocket-handkerchief; at Sutherland's, a pair of silver buckles, a handkerchief, and a broach set with diamonds, the broach belonged to Mrs. Hollings.
Q. What became of the contents of the trunk? - A. The constable has got the contents of the trunk, the trunk is at my house.
Q. When had you seen this property last? - A. The trunk I had not seen for a long time, it was put up in a lumber garret; the linen and the waistcoat were kept in a drawer.

Q. You had not particularly counted over your things before? - A. No.
Q. You have no reason to know that they all went at once? - A. No other than the duplicates mention, when they were pawned; one was within eighteen days before I took up the prisoner.
- DURATT sworn. - Q. Where do you live? - A. At the Castle, in Shepherd's-court.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. No more than his being sent for beer; he took a lodging of me on the 4th of September, he brought a leather trunk on the 5th; I took down a key when he came, from where they generally hang for the lodgers' convenience; I opened the door, and he took the trunk in, he locked the door, and hung up the key; Mr. Hollings, and the officer, came in the same day the prisoner brought the trunk, betwixt eleven and twelve o'clock; Mr. Hollings and the officer came betwixt seven and eight o'clock, to the best of my recollection; I went along with Mr. Hollings and the officer to where he had left the trunk.
Q. Was it the same trunk which the prisoner had brought with him? - A. Yes; I was present when Mr. Hollings opened it, he had the key; the officer took the things and the trunk away. (The property produced, and identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I throw myself entirely on the mercy of the Court, I have no one here to speak for me; when I lived with Mr. Hollings, there was one Sarah M'Crow lived there a short time as cook, she told me she had been a married woman, and had some shirts and some other articles to sell: she brought forwards four shirts; I went to Mr. Hollings, and borrowed a one pound note; in a short time I bought a pair of silver buckles of her, and a topaz broach, at the same time she gave me the duplicates, as they were in pledge; I was distressed for money, and as I had borrowed a pound note of Mr. 
               Hollings
             I did not like to ask for more; I took two shirts and a waistcoat, and pledged them in Brewer-street, in my own name; in a short time afterwards, I took the broach and buckles, into Swallow-street, and pledged them; the leather trunk was given to me by a gentleman that lived with Mr. Hollings, as he said he would give it me I took it; when I went into the country I took it with me, and when I came back I brought it back with me.
Q.(To Mr. Hollings.) Are you sure that is your trunk? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you purchase it yourself? - A. No; it was given to me.
Q. He says that the things were given, or sold to him, by Sarah M'Crow? - A. Mrs. Hollings gave Sarah M'Crow a good character; when she went away she shewed her box, and there was none of my property in it; she lives at Bow, I did not proceed against her; many of the things are pawned since she left me, some so lately as the 18th of August.




               GUILTY
            , aged 21,
Of stealing to the value of 39 s.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
