





206. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     OHIE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th of January
, a watch, value 1l. 10s. two seals, value 10s. a watch key, value 2s. a gold pin, value 5s. and a silk handkerchief, value 1s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Witke
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Dorey
                     



                  , widow.
            



                  JOHN 
                  WITKE
               



             sworn. - I am a German; I live at No. 14, Union-court, Broad-street


, I am a merchant
; the prisoner was formerly servant
 in the house where I lodged; the house is kept by Mrs. Dorey, she is a widow.
Q. Where there any other lodgers in the house? - A. Yes, two.
Q. Men or women? - A. Men; I missed my watch on the 29th of January; I mentioned it to Mrs. Dorey, and she could find nothing; a search-warrant was got to search the lodgings of the woman that chaired at the house the day before, but nothing was found; the watch was found upon the prisoner afterwards.


                  CHARLES 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, servant to Mr. Bunn, the corner of Wood-street and London-wall: On Friday, the 31st of January, I had information of a gold watch having been stolen; and on Saturday, the 1st of February, about four in the afternoon, the prisoner at the bar offered me a gold watch to pledge, which answering, the description I had received, I detained the prisoner, and carried the watch to Mr. Witke's lodgings in Union-court, Broad-street; upon seeing the watch, he immediately said that was the watch he had lost; the came back with me to the shop, and gave charge of the prisoner; she wanted six guineas upon it; I did not ask her how she came by it; she said it was her father's; I asked her how long her father had had the watch, and she said, he had not had it long; I asked her if she knew what her father gave for the watch, and she said he gave twelve guineas for it; when I went to Mr. Witke's, I left her in the back shop with one of the boys; in the mean time Mr. Bunn's sister came in, and she pretended to her that she was very ill, and begged to go out for the air; and she, not knowing what she was detained for, let her go; but I came in before she had been gone three miniutes, and went after her, and brought her back; I am sure she is the same person.


                  JOHN 
                  READ
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; (produces the watch;) upon searching the prisoner, I found this purse, containing a gold pin, which Mr. Witke claimed; and this handkerchief I took off her neck, which Mr. Witke claimed; In taking her to the Compter, I asked her how she came by the watch; she said, it was given her to take care of for another person.
Smith. When she brought the watch to me, she told me her father was lately dead, and she was under the necessity of raising six guineas upon that watch, for that she had him to bury.
Witke. This is my, watch, but not the chain; this is a woman's chain; mine was a string, and two gold seals; I have not found the seals; the pin is mine, and the handkerchief.
Q. Is Mrs. Dorey here? - A. No.
Q. Do you know of your own knowledge that she is a widow? - A. I cannot say.
Prisoner's defence. I am innocent; in regard of the watch, it was another servant that lived in the house, that I had it from; she was taken up, but was discharged.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave her a good character.
GUILTY. (Aged 20.)




               Of stealing the goods, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
