






723. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     CABLE
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SEAGO
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving on the 12th of July
, one hundred and thirty yards of printed cotton, value 10 l. fifty yards of corduroy, value 5 l. one hundred yards of Marseilles quilting, value 15 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , being part and parcels of certain goods, whereof John Higgins, 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Clark
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        William 
                        Doe
                     



                   were last Sessions feloniously convicted; they well knowing it to be stolen
            .
(The indictment was read by Mr. Gleed, and the case was stated by Mr. Gurney.)


                  JAMES 
                  CHETHAM
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gleed. Q. You, Sir, are an attorney? - A. I am, I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of 
               
                  John 
                  Higgins
               



            , 
               
                  Charles 
                  Clark
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Doe
               



            .
(The record of the conviction read in Court.)


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - Q. You are the brother of Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Smith
               



            ? - A. I am.
Q. Where was your brother's warehouse situated at that time? - A. No. 10, Basing-lane, in the City of London.
Q. During the absence of your brother, the warehouse was entrusted into your care? - A. Yes.
Q. Where you there on the 11th of July? - A. I was, I left the warehouse about half past eight o'clock in the evening, and there was a quantity of goods left in it.
Q. In consequence of some information that you received, you went to the warehouse again? - A. I did, about half past nine o'clock the next morning, and I found that the greatest part of the goods that I had left there the night before were gone.
Q. Did you see those goods afterwards? - A. I saw them at Worship-street Office, on the 12th.
Q. They were also produced here upon the trial of Higgins, Clark, and Doe? - A. They were, I was present when Higgins, Clark, and Doe were tried and convicted.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You swear that you are not in partnership with your brother as you swore before? - A. I am not.
Q. Is your brother returned yet? - A. He is not.
Jury. Q. When did you dissolve partnership with him? - A. It was dissolved the last day in July, it was in the Gazette.


                  ISAAC 
                  YOUNG
               



             sworn - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You were porter at this warehouse, on the night of the 11th of July, did you leave the warehouse safe? - A. Very safe, Mr. Smith locked the door about half after eight.
Q. On the morning of the 12th, about what time did you go to the warehouse? - A. About nine o'clock. I found the door very aukwardly situated, it would not open at all with any key, the door was upon the single lock, and the latch was confined up with a piece of stick.
Q. Had that latch been fast the night before when you left it? - A. It was.
Q. Did you find any part of the property gone? - A. Yes, the warehouse looked very naked, there was a great deal of the property gone.
Q. I believe the persons indicted last Sessions of the name of Clark and Higgins had been to that warehouse two or three days before? - A. They had.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. I dare say all that you do is for the public good, have you been able to find any thing of your worthy master since? - A. I have not been able to find any thing of him.



                  WILLIAM 
                  BLACKWELL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gleed. I live at No. 66, Noble-street, Goswell-street.
Q. A person by the name of Doe was tried last Sessions that lived in Noble-street, how far did he live from you? - A. About ten or eleven doors on the other side of the way in the same street.
Q. On the 12th of July, what time did you get up in the morning? - A. About ten minutes or a quarter after four in the morning, I looked out of my window, I observed a hackney coach stand at Doe's door, and the coachman was standing at the head of his horses.
Q. Did you see any thing taken from that coach into Doe's house? - A. Yes, in large coarse bags.
Q. What is Doe? - A. He is a dyer.
Q. You were present last Sessions when a quantity of parcels were produced? - A. Yes.
Q. Were they parcels of that description? - A. Yes, they were large square parcels, what they call packages that I saw taken out of the coach.
Court. Q. Like what we call bales? - A. I could not discern they were brown canvas bags, I saw two men come round and turn towards Old-street.
Mr. Gleed. Q. You afterwards came down stairs, and watched Doe? - A. I did.
Q. Were did these two men come from? - A. Out of Doe's house, they went towards Old-street
Q. Did you afterwards see Clark or Higgins? - A. I saw them in the street, near about six o'clock, I saw two men go up stairs in Doe's house, and come down again, Higgins went on one side of the way, and the other man on the other side of the way in a swansdown waistcoat.
Q. Did you see Higgins go up stairs into Doe's house? - A. I did not.
Q. You saw two men coming down stairs, and at the same time Higgins was on one side of the way, and the other man on the other side? - A. Yes; and the last time I saw Higgins he was on the same side of the way as I was; Higgins passed me two or three times that morning.
Q. On the same morning did you see Clark? - A. No, not to notice him.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. What time was it you saw Higgins? - A. A little before six o'clock; I cannot speak to a minute or a quarter of an hour.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BLACKWELL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are the brother of the last witness? - A. Yes.
Q. On the morning of the 12th of July did you watch the proceedings at Doe's house? - A. Yes, I began to watch between seven and eight o'clock.
Q. Did Clark, who was tried at the last Sessions, go into Doe's house with a bag in his hand? - A. Yes, a little before eight o'clock I saw him go into the house with an empty bag, he staid in the house about two or three minutes, and then came out with the bag full; I followed him to see where he carried it; I saw him carry it to a tobacconist's in Golden-lane.
Q. Was that the house of Cable, the prisoner? - A. Yes; he just went in and come out again.
Q. Did you see the bag when he came out? - A. I did not see the bag when he came out.
Q. How near did you stand to Cable's house when you saw him go in? - A. I might be about a dozen doors off; he came back and went to Doe's house again, and then I saw him with the bag in his hand when he got near Doe's house.
Q. How long did he stop at Doe's house then? - A. He only just went up and came down directly, with a large parcel on his shoulder; I followed him, and in crossing Old-street-road, near to Golden-lane, Higgins accosted him and they both went on together; and when Clark came almost to the tobacconist's shop, Higgins crossed over the way while Clark went in.
Q. Did you see Clark carry that parcel into Cable's house? - A. Yes; I then returned home again.
Q. At this time I believe your mother had sent for Armstrong? - A. Yes.
Q. How soon after you returned from Cable's house did you see Armstrong? - A. Directly I went back; Higgins being taken, I guided Armstrong to Cable's house, and when we were in Cable's house Clark came in; I saw him taken. Armstrong then asked the prisoner, Seago, if any parcel had been brought there that morning; she said, no, none at all, there had been no parcel brought there that morning; Armstrong asked her if she belonged to the shop; she said, no; she mentioned some name of the prisoner, that he was some relation to her, and he would be in presently; I understood her to mean Cable; he came in in about a minute or two afterwards; then Armstrong asked him if there had been any parcel left there that morning; he said, no; when Seago came in he asked her, and said, if there has been any thing tell; then she said there was something left and it was under the counter; they then brought out a parcel which Clark had carried the second time; then I said there was another parcel: Seago said it was up stairs; one of the officers went up stairs with Cable and brought the other parcel down.
Q. Was that about the size of the other parcel? - A. Yes; I did not see it when it was taken there because it was in a bag.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You have been very attentive to this circumstance; you say, about half-past seven you saw Clark go to Cable's house, and on the road he met with Higgins and spoke to him - on the second time of his going did you observeevery one that he spoke to? - A. Higgins met him, you know.
Q. I do not know any thing but what you tell me - the first time Clark went to Cable's house he spoke to no one? - A. He did not.
Q. The second time did he speak to any body but Higgins? - A. He did not.

Q. 
            You never saw any thing of the prisoner Cable till you saw him at his own house? - A. I did not.
Q. You saw every thing that was done by Clark? - A. I did.
Q. Clark had nothing at all to do with Cable? - A. Not while I saw him.
Q. If he had done any thing with him you must have seen him? - A. Unless he was in his own house.
Q. You have said that when he went into Cable's he came out directly? - A. Yes.
Q. It was about half after eight when you saw Cable at his house? - A. Between eight and nine.
Mr. Gurney. Q. How long was it between your seeing Clark going the first time and your seeing Cable? - A. It was very near nine o'clock.
Q. Then it was above an hour from the time you first saw Clark to the time you saw Cable, when you went with the officers? - A. Yes.
Court. Q. Where is your house? - A. In Noble-street.
Q. How far is your house from Cable's? - A. Rather better than a quarter of a mile.
Q. How long were you absent from Cable's house between the first and second time? - A. About a quarter of an hour.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gleed. Q. You are an officer of Worship-street? - A. Yes.
Q. On the 12th of July, in consequence of some information that you received, you went to the house of Doe, in Noble-street? - A. I did.
Q. What did you take from Doe's house? - 
               A. 
            - A. I took a great quantity of goods, which I had in my possession, and which was produced last Session.
Q. You afterwards apprehended Higgins, who was tried last Session? - A. I apprehended Higgins before I quitted Doe's house that morning; and I put all the goods in the care of the officers.
Q. From some information that you received you went to the house of Cable? - A. I went to the corner of Golden-lane and put the officer in possession of what was taken, and with Mason and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Blackwell
               



            , I went to the house of Cable, in Golden-lane; over the door is 
               
                  Robert 
                  Cable
               



            , headborough; he serves as headborough in St. Luke's, and keeps a tobacconist's shop.
Q. What time of the day might this be? - A. About nine o'clock; when I got to Cable's house, I and the boy entered, I knocked, as I saw nobody for about a minute, and then Cable came down stairs; I asked him if he lived there, and if his name was Cable; he said, yes; I then said, has there not been two parcels left here this morning; he said, no, not to his knowledge, for he had been out, and he could prove it; he had been out to his tobacconists, I believe he said, in St. John's-street; I asked him if he had any body to mind his house; I believe his answer was, that he had a niece, and she would be in in a few minutes; before ever his niece came in, Clark came in, whom I knew, and he knew me, I said, secure him (he was tried last Sessions) Clark instantly said to us, I came in for a bit of tobacco. In a minute or two the prisoner Seago came in, without a bonnet or cloak, whom he described as his niece; I then put the question to her in the hearing of Cable, has there been any goods brought here this morning; she said, no; I said, if there has, you may as well tell me; Cable said, if there has, do tell; she then seemed a little surprised, and in a minute she said, there was a parcel left, which was under the counter; I went to the counter and produced all these goods which are in that bag; after I had pulled them out, I said to Mr. Cable, I must go up stairs; Cable said, no, but he made no resistance whatever; I went up stairs, and in the right-hand room on the one pair of stairs, I found this piece of Corduroy on the table, lying open.
Q. Did Cable go up stairs? - A. I do not know whether he followed me up or stood at the bottom of the stairs.
Court. Q. Was it a bed-room? - A. There was a bed there, and a gown there hanging upon pegs, or nails; the door of the room was open, and this laid to the view of any body; in the left-hand front room; up one pair of stairs, this piece of cotton laid on the back of a chair, it was open; I secured the goods and took 
               
                  Mary 
                  Seago
               



             with me to the Office; I left Cable to come to the Office; I was not there when he came; after I had found the goods, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Seago
               



             said they were left there by a man which she should not know, nor did not know.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Cable kept his appointment punctually, and came to the Office? - A. Certainly he did.
Court. Q. He came voluntarily? - A. I was not there; I heard as much.


                  PETER 
                  MASON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Did you go with Armstrong to Cable's house? - A. Yes; as soon as we went in we saw nobody there; Mr. Armstrong knocked against the wainscot and called out several times; in the course of a minute or two Cable came down stairs without a coat, in his shirt sleeves; Mr. Armstrong asked him if he lived there, and if his name was Cable; he said, yes; he then asked him if therehad been any goods or packages left there that morning, he said, no, not to his knowledge, he had been out to his tobacconist's, in St. John-street; he said his niece would be in in a few minutes, she was only gone for some rolls, and she could tell better than him, as she was at home while he was absent. While Mr. Armstrong was talking to Cable, with his back rather towards the door, I saw Clark coming towards the door; I turned my face on one side to let him come in; I thought if he saw me he would not come in; when he came in, Mr. Armstrong turned round to see who it was; he said, take care of him; we observed his coat was all covered with flew.
Q. Did 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Blackwell
               



             say any thing? - A. As soon as he came in, 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Blackwell
               



             pulled me by the coat, and said, that is the man that brought the goods; 
               
                  Mary 
                  Seago
               



             then came in, and Mr. Armstrong asked her if any parcels had been left there; she denied it two or three times; Mr. Cable said to her, if there has been any thing left here; tell him; she then said, there was something left there by some man, she did not know him, not should she know him if she was to see him again; Clark was then sitting down close to her on a tub in the shop, and his face was towards her. Mr. Armstrong asked where the goods were; she said, behind the other counter, not where she was; Mr. Armstrong went and 
               drew
             a large package from under the counter, and asked her if there were any more goods; he said he must go up stairs, and see for them.
Q. Did Seago or Cable say any thing to that? - A. I cannot say that I noticed that; Armstrong and Cable both went up stairs out of the shop, but whether they went into the room I cannot say, I remained in the shop with Clark; I saw Mr. Armstrong bring down this printed linen and this corduroy; we put the goods, and Seago and Clark, into the coach, and left Cable to shut up the shop, and he came afterwards; he came to the Office afterwards, before the examination took place.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Before Mr. Armstrong attempted to go up stairs, did not Mary Seago say there were more goods up stairs? - A. No; I am positive that after her master said to her, tell if there is any left, she then only said behind the counter.
Q. Did Cable make any obstruction to his going up stairs? - A. None.
Mr. Gleed. (To Mr. Smith.) Q. Just look at the corduroy? - A. I cannot swear to the goods themselves.
Q. Were there goods in your brother's warehouse of that description? - A. There were.


                  CHARLES 
                  BLIGH
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gleed. I am a warehouseman: These were originally my property; I sold them to Mr. Smith, there are my marks on them; all these quiltings I can swear to.
Q. Look at the whole? - A. Similar goods I certainly did see in the warehouse.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You sold these things to 
               
                  William 
                  Smith
               



            , the prosecutor - upon the oath you have taken, did not you sell them to William and 
               
                  John 
                  Smith
               



            ? - A. I sold them to 
               
                  William 
                  Smith
               



            ; I saw them in Mr. Smith's warehouse on the night previous to the robbery.


                  JOHN 
                  RICHARDS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Were you a warehouseman to Mr. Smith? - A. At the time of the robbery I was.
Q. Look at these goods - are there any of them that you can speak to as being the property of Mr. Smith? - A. No further than by pattern, I believe them to be the very same goods.
Q. You saw the other goods which were produced, that were taken from Doe's house - did they make up all the loss? - A. No, not within 30 l. the whole loss was about 174 l.

Q. 
            (To Young.) You have looked at all these goods, do you believe them to be what you lost from your master's warehouse? - A. Yes, they are of the same pattern as we lost.
Cable's defence. On the 12th of July last, I went out in the morning some little time after seven o'clock to Mr. Finch's, in Whitecross-street; I stopped there some time, as I usually served Mr. Finch with tobacco, and from there I went to Mr. Sculthorpe's, in St. John-street; I continued there till about half past eight. From there, returning home, in Charterhouse-square I met a young man named Jones, I used to serve his father with goods when he kept a public-house; after I parted with him I went home, and when I got home I sent my niece out for some rolls for breakfast; she had not been gone out the space of a minute before in come Mr. Armstrong and another gentleman with him; I was up stairs, at the time they came in, shifting my coat; Mr. Armstrong, and the other man that was with him, knocked on the counter as people do when they come in for a small article they want; I directly came down stairs, I had not time to get my coat on; Mr. Armstrong said to me, has there any small parcels been left here this morning; I said, no, not that I know of; I told them my niece would be in directly, and she could inform them. He had not been in long, before she came in, and he asked her whether there had been any goods left there; she first said, no; I said, if there has been any thing left, say so; she directly said there was some parcel left there by a man. After that, Mr. Armstrong looked behind the counter, which was at a different part of the shop to where I was, and took out a parcel; he then said there is another parcel; she said it was up stairs; I said, Mr. Armstrong, I will go up with you. Accordingly he and I went up together,and the first room he went into he saw a parcel lie on a chest; we have no table in that room; coming out of that room he saw a bit of cotton lying on a chair; he said, does that belong to you; I said, not that I know of. I shewed him into all my rooms, and when he and I came down, he said to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Seago
               



            , you must go along with me; accordingly she went; he said to me, Mr. Cable, you will come down by-and-by, which I did; I am entirely innocent of the facts which are charged against me.
Seago's defence. I am innocent of what is laid to my charge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FINCH
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Alley. On the 12th of July I was a publican; I kept the Ship, in Whitecross-street, by Cripplegate church.
Q. On the morning of the 12th of July, do you recollect seeing the prisoner Cable, and where? - A. At my house.
Q. What time did he come there? - A. A little after seven; he came to take orders for tobacco.
Q. How long did he stay with you? - A. I suppose about half an hour, or a little better.
Q. Did you see him after he left your house? - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You say you saw him about half an hour in your house? - A. I suppose about that time.
Q. What was he doing all that time? - A. He had a pint of porter in the tap-room.
Q. What order did you give him? - A. An order for three pounds of tobacco.
Q. How came you to learn it was the 12th of July? - A. Because, we having no tobacco in the house, I went up the street to his shop, and the shop was shut up.
Q. You say he stopped half an hour? - A. He did.
Q. How far is your house from his? - A. My house is at the bottom of Whitecross-street; I suppose it is about five minutes walk, or not so much.
Court. Q. You have left this Ship public-house? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you keep a public-house now? - A. No; I sold the lease of that house because my wife's illness would not let me carry it on.
Q. What quantity at a time did you usually supply yourself with of tobacco? - A. Sometimes two pounds, and other times three and four pounds; I sold three different sorts, returns, cut, and shag; I generally used to have a supply of a pound of each at a time.
Q. How came Mr. Cable to know that you were out of tobacco at that time, you had not let him know that you were out of tobacco? - A. I was out of that article, and most generally he called himself and generally early in the morning; my house opens about six o'clock, or a little before, and about from that time to eight he used to call to know.
Q. When did you know that you were out of this sort of tobacco? - A. I knew it the night before at ten o'clock, when we shut up; this article, the returns, I keep in a jar, and we always have it on the settle of the bar to fill pipes; it was more generally visited than the other tobacco.
Q. When did you learn that Mr. Cable was taken up? - A. On going up to his house to know why my order was not executed.
Q. Can you swear particularly to the time he was there? - A. I cannot to the time he came over or under half an hour; I cannot be positive to the exact moment; I did not know there was any necessity of minuting it down.
Q. Do you mean to say that he staid half an hour at your house? - A. It was somewhere thereabouts.
Q. Where do you live now? - A. I live in the City-gardens, City-road; I am looking out for another public-house where there is a little more air.
Q. Is your wife better? - A. Much better.
Q. Unto whom did you dispose of your house? - A. To a person of the name of Gillam, who keeps it now
Q. How do you know it was this precise time? - A. By the arrangement of my business, it being about breakfast time, which is a little before eight; I asked the prisoner at the bar to have some breakfast; he preferred beer.
Q. You did not know this by any clock? - A. No.
Q. Did he enter into any conversation with you? - A. No further than what orders were wanting.


                  GEORGE 
                  SCULTHORPE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Alley. Q. What business are you? - A. I am a tobacco manufacturer, No. 181, St. John's-street, West-Smithfield.
Q. Do you recollect on the 12th of July last, seeing the prisoner at the bar? - A. Yes, about five or ten minutes before eight o'clock in the morning.
Q. What distance may your house be from the house where the prisoner lived? - A. I frequently walk it in about six or seven minutes.
Q. For what purpose did he come to your house? - A. He came to order some tobacco; he staid with me about half an hour.
Q. Did you see any thing further of him from the time he left your house till the time he was taken into custody? - A. No.
Q. How do you recollect it was on the 12th of July? - A. I recollect it was on Monday; on the next day I learnt he was taken up.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gleed. Q. You are a tobacco manufacturer - did he deal with you? - A. Commonly he did.

Q. Were his orders large or small? - A. They differod; sometimes large and sometimes small; he gave me a small order for six pounds of roll tobacco, or pigtail, that morning.
Q. What was his usual hour of calling? - A. Sometimes in the morning, sometimes in the middle of the day, and sometimes in the evening.
Q. Did he ever call so early as that hour in the morning? - A. Yes, frequently; he has come at an earlier hour.
Court. Q. How do you know that it was a little before eight? - A. I heard the clock strike eight before he left the shop.
Q. Can you say with positiveness how long he staid? - A. About half an hour.
Q. He had no occasion for waiting half an hour, six pounds of tobacco might be served in a great deal less time than half an hour? - A. Some kind of conversation was introduced, which made him stop longer than usual, which frequently is the case about business.
Q. What other business did he come for or talk about? - A. Sometimes it is very common to find fault and to talk about the article they had before.
Q. What did he talk about then? - A. I do not recollect.
Q. You say he kept you in conversation half an hour? - A. I believe him to be half an hour in the shop, I do not know that he conversed with me for the half-hour.
Q. Then nothing at all detained him on any point of business? - A. I do not know that there was.
Q. I should be glad to know if you have any clock in your house? - A. Yes.
Q. What clock did you hear strike eight? - 
               A. St. James's
             church, Clerkenwell parish clock.
Q. When did you relate that circumstance of the parish clock having struck eight? - A. I do not know that ever I related that before.
Q. How far is the church from you? - A. It is within three or four minute's walk.
Q. How came you to remember this time so particularly? - A. I usually get my breakfast about nine o'clock; it was ready soon after he was gone.
Q. Who applied to you to come here? - A. I was served with a subpoena on Thursday evening last.
Q. This happened on the 12th of July? - A. Yes.
Q. Have you ever been applied to before last Thursday? - A. Yes, I was spoke to; I was told that my evidence would be necessary soon after he was taken up.
Q. Were you told in what respect your evidence would be necessary? - A. No, not to the best of my knowledge.
Q. You were told you were to be a witness but you were not told to what you were to be examined? - A. No.
Q. Recollect (it may turn out extremely material) whether any body had explained to you before this time, to what purpose you should be examined - you hear the question - has any body told you what facts you should be expected to prove, before this time? - A. Not that I recollect.
Q. You are quite sure of that? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you attend here last Session? - A. No.


                  DAVID 
                  JONES
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Alley. Q. What are you? - A. I am at present out of business, I was a publican; I live at No. 6, Bowling-green-row, Pitfield-street.
Q. Do you recollect, on the 12th of July last, seeing the prisoner Cable? - A. On the 12th of July last, a little after eight o'clock, I went from my house to Holborn; about half past eight, or a little more, I met the prisoner Cable in Aldersgate-street; he appeared to be coming from Charterhouse-square, he crossed over the way, and asked me how I did.
Q. You met him in the way coming to his own house? - A. Yes, near Carthusian-street.
Q. How do you recollect it was on the 12th of July? - A. By the business that occurred in the course of the day.
Q. How soon after he was taken up did you learn he was in custody? - A. Near three weeks.
Court. Q. You did not hear that he was in custody for three weeks after then - it was from some circumstance that occurred afterwards that you recollect the time? - A. Yes.
Mr. Gurney. Q. What part of Aldersgate-street did you meet him in? - 
               A. 
            B Carthusian-street; he appeared to be coming from Charter-house-square; he was coming up towards Old-street; I was going to Holborn on business.
Q. I dare say if I was to ask you where you went last Friday three weeks you could not tell me, you are so accurate a man? - A. Last Friday three weeks was not the 12th of July; it might be a fortnight after he was taken up.
Q. How soon after he was taken up were you applied to to give evidence? - A. Cable sent to my father's house.
Q. You were then told what facts you should be wanted to prove? - A. I was asked what time in the morning I met him.
Q. Can you tell where you were last Thursday fortnight at a quarter past eight in the morning? - A. I had nothing so particular required my attention.
Q. Was there any thing particular that morning - you did not know that he was going to be taken up in an hour afterwards - what particularly called your attention to it? - A. Because I was going to Holborn.

Q. There was nothing particular in that calling your attention; when you met him he did not say you have met me twenty minutes past eight o'clock? - A. He did not say any thing of the kind.
Q. Had you breakfasted before you went out? - A. No; I heard St. Luke's clock strike eight before I went out.
Court. Q. It was a fortnight or three weeks after you met him, that you heard you were to be an evidence? - A. I cannot recollect exactly to a week.
Mr. Gurney. Q. I dare say you looked at the church clocks that you passed? - A. No, not particularly; I might look at half a dozen or more for what I know.
Q. Did you look at St. Andrew's clock? - A. I might.
Q. I dare say you can give me the minute that you arrive at the person's house at Holborn-hill? - A. Perhaps it might be nine o'clock, or a little before, when I got there; I stopped there with Mr. Andrews, the public-house-keeper; it is a watering-house; about ten minutes.
Q. On particular business? - A. Not particular with him; I called on my way to Charing-cross.
Q. You told us before you went to Holborn-hill on particular business? - A. It was particular business; Mr. Andrews had a bill on me; I went to him to get him to allow me a little time to pay it.
Court. Q. Then it was particular; what was the amount of the bill? - A. Seven pounds seventeen shillings, for poultry I had of Mr. Andrews, the publican, when I kept the sign of the Pewter Platter in Charles-street, Hatton-garden; the bill became due about the 15th or 16th of July; he said he would not mind giving me a week or ten days; I took it up about a fortnight afterwards.
Mr. Gurney. Q. You went from there where to? - A. To Charing-cross.
Q. That was likewise particular business? - A. I went to the Admiralty, to a young man, one of the messengers there, that owed me twenty shillings; from there I went over Westminster-bridge to a Mr. - , who is the paviour of the Borough; I staid there an hour or more, I believe; I came in the city afterwards; I came over London-bridge.
Q. Where to; the city is a large place? - A. I believe I stopped and had a glass of ale at the Flower-pot, the corner of Threadneedle-street; I cannot exactly tell you where.
Q. Now I will ask you how lately you kept a public-house in Charles-street? - A. Until last May; I declined it.
Court Q. Now mind, you say that is the reason you left it, you declined it; you may alter it if you please; you know that if a man declines a thing he willingly renounces it? - A. I was obligated to decline it; my affairs did not go on very well.
Q. Do you mean that to be the reason? - A. Yes
Mr. Gurney. Q. Perhaps you may give me a little plainer answer than that; what do you mean by your affairs not going on well? - A. I became insolvent, and was obliged to leave it; from there I went to live in apartments in Banner-street, where I lived about six months.
Q. Then you were lodging in Banner-street at the time you have been speaking of? - A. Yes.
Q. You became insolvent in May; from that time to this have you done any one thing to get a livelihood? - A. There are several of my debts I have collected in.
Q. Debts you say you have collected in; an insolvent man always gives up his debts - have you lived upon them ever since? - A. Partly; my wife has an annuity.
Q. You have been in no way of getting a livelihood? - A. Not permanent.
Q. Temporary or permanent, have you had one week's birth of any kind? - A. No more than gathering these small debts.
Q. That is not getting a livelihood - to what amount has these small debts been? - A. About 28 l. the small debts in town.
Q. How long did you live in Charles-street? - A. About nine months.
Q. Pray where did you live before you went there? - A. In Bateman's-row, Shoreditch. There I lived in private previous to my going to Charles-street.
Q. What do you mean by living in private? - A. In the first place, I had a concern in the Southampton coach about seven months; I kept a house in in Bateman's-row about five years.
Q. Were you clerk to a merchant? - A. Yes, I was clerk to 
               
                  Charles 
                  Brook
               



             near seven years; I was never clerk to any body else; I left him with intention of going into the public line in the country when I could get a place to suit.

Q. 
            Have you been open and visible for the last two years to be met with by any body? - A. No, I have not.
Q. Who were the persons you were afraid of meeting? - A. I was afraid of meeting nobody.
Q. Who were the persons that you avoided? - A. I avoided nobody.
Q. Did you never abscond under a charge of felony? - A. Never.
Q. Who was the warehouseman that was tried when you lived with Mr. Brook? - A. There was a labourer tried here.
Q. Did you not abscond at that time? - A. I did not, I had no occasion, I was here in this yard at the time he was tried. Mr. Dellatory desired me to attend; I was not out of the way.
Court. Q. Where did you live at that time? - A. In Bateman's-row.

Q. Did Mr. Dellatory and Mr. Brook know where you lived? - A. Yes.
Q. That you are sure of? - A. Yes; I left Mr. Brook's service about three weeks after that man was tried.
Mr. Gurney. Q. Did you leave him or he part with you? - A. I left him.
Q. You gave him warning? - A. I gave one of the clerks warning.
Q. What length was the warning? - A. I declined the service.
Q. How long before you left it, did you mention that you were going to leave it? - A. About a fortnight.
Q. Your wages were paid you? - A. Yes.
Q. Was that after the trial at the Old Bailey? - A. Yes, it was after the trial.
Q. You swear that? - A. Yes.
Q. And Mr. Dellatory, Mr. Brook, and Mr. Clarke knew where you lived? - A. Yes.
Mr. Alley. Q. You came here by Mr. Dellatory's request? - A. I did.
Court. Q. There was a bill you have been talking about that was not due on the 12th of July? - A. It was not.
Q. What was the particular business that fixed this in your mind; first of all you told us it was particular business in Holborn-hill, and then you said Charing-cross, on the morning of the 12th of of July, and that that is the reason you assigned? - A. As I said before I went to Holborn-hill with intention to entreat that gentleman to give me a little time.
Q. You said that was not the business? - A. There was no more particular business than that.
Q. How came you to swear that you had particular business on that day which made you remember the day, and you told that gentleman that was not the particular business? - A. If I did, I mistook, I had nothing more particular than to ask leave for a little longer time for paying of the bill.
JOHN VICKERY sworn - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are a Police-officer of Worship-street? - A. Yes.
Q. You remember the circumstance of the wool being stolen from Mr. Dellatory? - A. Yes, I and Armstrong apprehended the prisoner.
Q. Were you in search of the last witness, could you find him? - A. No, we went to his house in Bateman's-row two or three times, we could not find him.
Mr. Alley. Q. You say you have been at his house; by whose directions were you trying to find him out? - A. By the direction of the clerks.
Court. Q. How long were you after him? - A. We were three times after him; there was a great deal of wool stole; I have seen him since that man was tried; then we could not get proof against him; I certainly knew him, and if I had seen him before I should have took him up.
Q. If you had seen him in this Court-yard, should not you have taken him up? - A. I will not say that I should, because when we are here we attend particularly to the Court; we do not attend to any thing out of doors.
Cable called nine witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Seago called three witnesses, who gave her a good character.
Cable 

               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Seago 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
