





18. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HAMMOND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of November
, twenty-seven, pounds weight of sugar, value 27s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Giles
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GILES
               



             sworn. - I am a grocer
, in Wardour-street, Soho


: On the 12th of November last, about seven o'clock in the evening, or a little after, I was sitting in a little parlour, I heard a cryof stop thief; I went out, and saw a man with a loaf of sugar under his arm, who said he had taken itup in the street, just below my shop, I told him it was mine; to a few minutes the prisoner was brought back, by a person who is here; I told the prisoner he must go with me to Marlborough-street; he said he would not without a warrant, or a constable; I took him by the collar, and told him he should; I took him to the office.
MATTHEW WORSDALE sworn. - I am a haberdasher, in Pall-mall: I was going along Wardour-street, and saw the prisoner with a loss of sugar; I took him to be a porter when I first saw him; it was between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, the alarm was given; he put down the sugar close by me, and ran away; I ran after him, and stopped him; he gave me a little abuse, and said he did not know any thing about it; I brought him back to Mr. Giles's.
Q.Are your sure that the prisoner is the man who dropped the sugar? - A. Yes.
MARY ROSETTE sworn. - My husband is a brass-turner, in Wardour-street, a few doors lower than Mr. Giles's, on the opposite side of the way: On the evening of the 12th of November, I saw a man come out of Mr. Giles's shop, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, with a loss of sugar in his hands.
Q. Did you know that man? - A. No; I then gave the alarm.
Q. How came you to do that? - A.Because the loaf came out uncovered; I saw him put the sugar down and run away.
Q.Are you sure that the man who came out was the same that put the sugar down? - A. Yes.
Q. Was there any body in the shop? - A. I believe not.
Q.(To Giles.) Was there any body in the shop? - A. No.
Prisoner's defence. I saw several people running, and I ran with them; I know nothing of the sugar.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21. - 


               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
