





445. 
               
                  
                     PHILIP 
                     TRAGGER
                  



               
             was indicted for that 


               he on the 4th of April
, about the hour of three in the afternoon, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Moon
                        




                     
                   did attempt to break and enter, with intent the goods and chattels therein feloniously to steal
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MOON
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Moon
               



            , his house is No. 4, Holborn, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn


, a watchmaker's and silversmith's shop.


                  JAMES 
                  OBEE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, I live near Mr. Moon. On Tuesday the 4th of April, between three and four o'clock, the prisoner was holding his coat of one side to prevent any body from seeing, and one of his hands was inside of a pane of glass in Mr. Moon's window; he was looking to see if any body observed him; the window was broken, and a piece of glass out; I was at that time speaking to Mr. Lloyd, I said, Mr. Lloyd look at that man; he saw us, and ran off; I pursued him, he ran up a court, where there was no thoroughfare, and got over a wall into Furnival's-inn-court; he ran up a one pair of stairs, and there he was taken.
Q. When he was apprehended were you quite certain that he was the person that had his hand in Mr. Moon's window - A. I am; we took him back to Mr. Moon's shop; I observed the glass out, the putty had been cut away and the glass starred by a knife.


                  DAVID 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I was in conversation with Mr. Obee, near this shop. Mr. Obee drew my attention, I observed the prisoner had a great coat on; he was standing at the corner of the window, he held the flap of his coat up; I saw him put his hand in the window and I saw him take it out; I supposed he was alarmed at seeing me look at him; he ran off; I pursued him, I never lost night him, till I saw him in the garden; I ran round to go into the inn, and then I saw him in custody; I said this is the man that put his hand in Mr. Moon's window; I am positive it is the same man.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TROTT
               



            . I am an officer, the prisoner was delivered over to me at Mr. Moon's. I saw the widow something had been done at the bottom with a knife, and the glass broke out. I handcuffed him; he was rather desperate; I saw the prisoner rubbing his knee against the other ham; I immediately caught hold, and said what is here; it turned out to be a gold ring and a penknife, they were under the ham. The ring has been claimed.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from home, going into the city to look for a job; going by the shop, I had the curiosity to look at it; I had got my hand against the shop window; some persons coming by knocked my elbow, my hand broke the glass; I run a- away for fear they should make me pay for the glass, as I had no more money about me; having been out of work twelve weeks.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London before Mr. Common Serjeant.
