






318. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SUMPTER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             were indicted, the former for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of February

, a set of glass cruets in a mahogany frame, value 8 s. a water-pot, value 1 s. a pair of salts, value 3 s. three glass vinegar-cruets, value 4 s. two glass mustard-pots, value 2 s. 3 d. two glass cruets, value 2 s. 3 d. a japan bottle-stand, value 1 s. 6 d. a pot and top, value 2 s. 6 d. a pan, value 2 s. 6 d. thirty-eight earthen dishes, value 8 s. an earthen jug, value 4 d. three milk-basons, value 8 d. thirty-eight dishes, value 10 s. and two pint mugs, value 4 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Few
                  



               
            , and the latter for 


               receiving the same goods, knowing them to have been feloniously stolen
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  CRIB
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 228, Holborn; I am a carver and gilder: On the 26th of February, about ten o'clock in the morning, I was at my door, and saw the prisoner Clark at the corner of Hand-court, directly opposite my door: In consequence of information, I suspected he was waiting for the prisoner Sumpter; I then went out, and walked as far as the George and Blue Boar, which is opposite to Mr. Few's; I had not been there more than two minutes before I saw the prisoner Sumpter come out of Mr. Few's, with a basket full of earthen ware; I followed him till he came to the corner of Hand-court, and saw him give it to the prisoner Clark; they set it down on the ground, and one said to the other, nobody will meddle with it; I then went up close to it and they both went into a gin-shop together, the corner-house; they afterwards came out and went up Hand-court together; they then separated, Sumpter went towards Red-Lion street, and Clarke went on towards Gray's Inn, with this basket on his arm; I followed him to Clerkenwell, and not finding a constable at the Sessions-house, I went back and saw no more of him nor the basket till I saw the basket at the Office, which I believe to be the same; I acquainted Mr. Few when I came back, and in consequence of that information he taxed Sumpter with it in my presence, and he then confessed to have given this to Clarke.


                  JOHN 
                  FEW
               



             sworn. - In consequence of Mr. Cribb's information, and my believing Sumpter to be a very honest man indeed, I could hardly credit what he informed me of; I charged him with it; I went down with Sumpter to Hatton-garden Office, and the Magistrate sent Hancock, the officer, with me to the prisoner Clarke's lodgings, in company with Sumpter; I there saw an immense quantity of earthen ware, and I was pretty certain they were my property; these are them (produces the property); amongst them there were two baking-dishes with the shape of an hour-glass at the bottom: On the 28th we charged the prisoner Sumpter with it, and we searched the prisoner Clarke's lodging on the same day; I only selected a few of the articles in the indictment; I believe them all to be mine.
Cross-examined by Mr. Watson. Q. Can you swear, independent of any circumstance whatever, that this dish in my hand is your's; you know other people in the trade have dishes so marked? - A. They may have.
Court. Q.(To Prosecutor.) What trade did Clarke carry on? - A. He is a hawker of earthen ware
.


                  JAMES 
                  HANCOCK
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of Hatton-garden: On the 28th of February I went along with Mr. Few in the evening to the prisoner Clarke's lodgings, Rotten-row, Old-street; I went into the house and Mr. Few owned the property; I told Mr. Few to identify as many as belonged to him, and I would take them; I went up stairs and found Clarke sitting by the fire-side; I told him he must go with me; I asked the prisoner Sumpter if that was the man who bought them of him; he said he was.

The prisoners did not say any thing in their defence.
Sumpter called four witnesses, and Clarke three, who gave them a good character.
Sumpter, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 35.





               Confined six months in the House of Correction
            , and 



               fined 1 s
            .
Clarke, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
