





305. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     TREE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of February


, six-hundred and ninety-four pound weight of lead, value 9 l. belonging to the parish church of Ryslip



, the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Carter Lewis




               
            , clerk, vicar
 of the said parish, and
Several other counts for like offence, only varying the manner of charging them.


                  JOHN 
                  BRAY
               



            . I am a farmer, I live at Ryslip. I am churchwarden to the parish of Ryslip.
Q. Was the parish church of Ryslip at any time robbed of lead. - A. Yes, I cannot justly say the day it was taken off.
Q. When did you miss the lead from the church. - A. On the 24th of February, from the East end of the roof of the church.
Q. Did you go up to the roof of the church to see how much was missing. - A. Yes, there was missing nine feet six inches in length, and nine feet over, was taken from the roof. I was upon the roof of the church in last October, it was safe then. I know no further than we missed it.
Q. Is it called Ryslip parish. - A. Yes, it is in the county of Middlesex.


                  THOMAS 
                  LEE
               



            . I am the plumber, I do the parish business at Ryslip.
Q. Did you in October do any repairs to the church of Ryslip. - A. Yes, I was at work there two days in October. I repaired the lead work at the chancel end.
Q. Did you leave the roof entirely covered with lead. - A. On the 24th of February I saw it again, then I went to make some further repairs; as soon as I put the ladder up I saw some of the lead had been taken off the church; it appeared to me as if it had been cut with a knife, and that some had been ripped by a pair of pincers.
Q. Was there any lead that you saw on the church, that you saw and knew elsewhere. - A. Yes; on the 25th of February I went to Notting-hill, and saw the lead that the constable had the custody of.
Q. Upon looking at the lead, was there any mark that you could know it was taken from Ryslip church. - A. Yes, I am certain of it; I should know it if it was in fifty pieces; I knew it by a damaged part, and it was about the quantity of lead that was taken from the church. I told the constable the admeasurement before I saw it.
Q. It had been fixed to the place. - A. Yes.
Q. What is the value of the lead. - A. Nine-pound.


                  GEORGE 
                  CRIB
               



            . I am constable of Kensington, near London. On the 21st of February, about four o'clock in the morning, I was called up by two men, they said they had detained a man with some lead at Notting-hill turnpike. I went there and took charge of the prisoner; the lead was in a cart. The prisoner said he had not stole the lead; first he said he had hired a horse and cart at Little Chelsea; he had been fourteen or fifteen miles down in the country, and found the lead on a dunghill. Then he said that he was hired, and that two men were to give him twenty-shillings on a job that was to bring away the lead, and that was the lead in the cart; but when they hired him, they said he was to bring furniture, but he did not know the men's names; one he called Sam and the other Joe. He said they were going to deliver it to a shop in Oxford-street. I asked him what shop, he said he did not know exactly.
Q. How far is Notting-hill from Kensington. - A. About half a mile.
Prisoner. I said it was not my lead, I told the constable that two men had got it planted in the dung; they went and got it and loaded the cart with it.
Crib. He said there were two men, one Sam, and the other Joe; he did not know it was lead; he said if he had he would not have gone, and when he was there the men threatened him with his life if he did not put it in his cart, or something of that sort.
Q. Did he say what place they brought it from. - A. He said he went to Ealing, and went down the road a great many miles, and took it out of a dunghill.


                  THOMAS 
                  MAY
               



            . Q. What are you. - A. I am a labouring man.
Q. Did you stop the prisoner. - A. Yes, on the 21st of February, about half past three in the morning, there was nobody with him; I was at Notting-hill along with a man at the turnpike gate, I asked him what he had got in the cart, he said garden stuff; I called the man at the gate and looked in the cart; there was about eight or nine heads of brocolli; I saw the cart was loaded with lead.
Q. Did he ever mention the lead to you before you looked in the cart. - A. No. I asked him how he came by it, he said he had been down in the country for it; but he did not know the place, he said he set off the night before, and Sam was then along with him; he said he was behind, travelling after the cart; I never saw him.
Q. Then I suppose you got a constable and had him secured. - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know Ryslip. - A. Yes, I have been there, it is about sixteen miles from London.
Q. How many horses had this cart. - A. One.


                  THOMAS 
                  WATERS
               



            . Q. Do you keep the turnpike gate. - A. I was there that night.
Q. Did you stop the prisoner with the other witness. - A. Yes.
Q. You know no more than the other witness. - A. No.
Q. (to Mr. Bray) Who is your vicar. - A. 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Carter Lewis
               



            .
Q. Who is your fellow church warden. - A. 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Pritchard
               



            .
Prisoner's Defence. I was with these two men drinking, I was very intoxicated; they took me down to this place; they went and got this lead from where they had planted it. I had no hand in getting it off the church.



               GUILTY
            , aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
