





245. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     STANYON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of March
, a dimity frock, value 6 d. and a cotton frock, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Parker
                  




               
            .
DANIEL PARKER sworn. - I am warehouse-man
 at the Four Swans, Bishopsgate-street; On the 19th of March, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was informed by one of my children that her brother was lost; I went home, and my wife told me that she saw the child at five o'clock; I live in Dagger's-court, Moorfields


; I went about, and inquired for this child that was lost in the neighbourhood; I was in search of the child from eight till eleven o'clock at night; I had the cryer to cry it, and I went in a number of different directions, and coming home a little before eleven o'clock I saw two watchmen before my house; I asked them if they had found the child; they told me that he was in Swan-yard watch-house; I went there, and there I found my child in the possession of a neighbour; I believe the prisoner at the bar was standing in the watch-house at the time; the child informed me of its being stripped; I found the child in a brown Holland pinafore; my wife swore to the articles in the indictment before the Magistrate; she is not here, she is in bed.
Q. Had any part of the clothes been taken from it? - A. Yes, a white dimity petticoat, and a red check frock; these things he had on when lost, but not when he was found.


                  SARAH 
                  BALL
               



             sworn. - I live at the sign of the City of Carlisle, Holywell-lane, Shoreditch; the prisoner came in on the 19th, about nine o'clock, and called for a pint of beer, with a child in her arms, and the other walking by the side of her; she had then the same child in her arms as she has now; she stopped about an hour and a half with the children; the little child in her arms cried very much; I went to her, and said, mistress, why do not you take your two dear children home; when the little child that sat by the side of her said, it is not my mamma, my mamma lives at No. 12, Dagger's court, Moorfields; I said, do not you know this woman, my dear; he said, no. I immediately ordered the watchman to be called, and I gave charge of her, and I went to the watch-house; I was there when the father came and owned the child.
Q. Was there any part of the clothes that belonged to the child in possession of the prisoner at the time she was at your house? - A. I did not see any clothes at all.
Q. Had the woman any clothes in her hand? - A. She had a white petticoat in her hand; our soldier that is quartered upon us saw it taken from her.


                  JAMES 
                  WARSTEAD
               



             sworn. - I am a private in the 2d regiment of Tower Hamlets Militia: I saw the woman and the children at Mrs. Ball's; I asked the woman whether this little boy was her child; she said, yes; I then asked the child if that was its mammy; he said, no; the child said its name was 
               
                  Tommy 
                  Parker
               



            , he belonged to Mr. Parker, of Dagger's-court, Moorfields; I then asked the child whether he ever saw the woman or knewher before; he said, no; he said the woman has got my cloathes; she had a white dimity petticoat in her hands at the time.
Q. Is that the white dimity petticoat that is here? - A. To the best of my opinion it is the same.
Q.(To prosecutor.) Is that your child's petticoat? - A. I believe it to be the same that I saw that night.
Warstead. At the time this was produced at the watch-house, I asked the woman if this was her property; she said it was; I asked the woman whether she could call the child by its name; if she was the mother of it, she could; she was confused; the child telling me where it lived I proceeded to the parent's house; I went to the house, and the watchman asked me whether I had found the child, I told him yes, and where it was. I saw the constable search her, and find a duplicate in her pocket.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LOCKLEY
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, I was on duty that evening at the watch-house; I searched the prisoner and found that duplicate and nine more; she sat opposite to me in the watch-house, with her hand seemingly in her pocket; I said, good woman, what have you got in your pocket, and the first thing I saw was this duplicate of the frock, for 2 s. pawned on the 19th of March; when she was brought to the watch-house, she had this child's petticoat tied up in this coarse cloth; I took it from her, and saw it contained a child's petticoat; when I took her to the office, I was informed that she had been imprisoned for child-stealing, but not stripping them; before the Magistrate, the child said the woman came into the court and got it away, saying she would buy it some cakes.


                  JAMES 
                  KING
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker's servant; I produce the frock, pawned for 2 s; I believe the prisoner to be the person that pawned it.
(The frock and skirt identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I was very much intoxicated with liquor, and till the next day morning I did not know what my prosecutor had against me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
