






670. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     FARMER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 13th of September
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Glynn
                        




                     
                  , a silver watch, value 5 l. half a guinea, a seven shilling piece, a shilling, and a bank note, value 5 l. his property
            .


                  JAMES 
                  GLYNN
               



            . I am a sailor
. On this day week, between five and six o'clock in the afternoon, I was intoxicated in liquor; I went to the Black Horse, Nightinggale lane.
Q. Did you know the prisoner, before - A. I never saw either of them before I saw them in that house; there were some indifferent women in my company; the prisoner Brown came and abused me; I called for some liquor for the women; what it was for I do not know; I paid for it, they wanted me to go with them home; I told them I would. Brown told me he wanted to speak with me in particular; I went out with them; they got me into the Seven Stars; the landlord of that house is a German; I sat down there and treated the prisoners; the liquor overcame me. I laid my elbow on the table and clapped my hand to my head, and fell asleep; when I awoke I asked the landlord if I owed any thing in the house, he said no; I put my hand in my pocket, I could not find a farthing. I had the pocket book in my pocket; but the note and money were gone.
Q. What was gone out of it - A. A five pound note, half a guinea, a seven shilling piece, a shilling, and some halfpence.
- THOMPSON. I am a caulker. The first time I saw Mr. Glynn was at the Black Horse; he and Brown were together.
Q. Did you know Brown - A. I had seen him the day before. We had something to drink there; then the prisoner, prosecutor, and me, went to the Bee Hive, there we had half a pint of gin between us; we went from there to the Seven Stars, we had there a pot of ale and some gin; the prosecutor was pretty drunk; it was between five and six o'clock when we were in the Seven Stars; this Brown set of one side of the prosecutor, and the girl at the bar sat on the other side of him; she got up and took a seven shilling piece and a shilling out of his pocket, and he pulled his watch out; I got up and told the landlord of it; I went out backwards, and when I came in again Glynn was gone out of the house; directly I went to the Black Horse after him, and told him he was robbed; he was drunk and did not know it.
Q. Was you sober - A. I was disguised in liquor, but fresher than he was.
Q. Was you present and saw this watch and money taken from him publicly - A. Yes; there were eight or nine girls in the house.
Q. How came you to see it - A. I did.
Q. Has any of it been found - A. Not as I know of.
Q. What did he do with the watch after he took it out of his pocket - A. I do not know, I am sure, I saw him take it.


                  CHARLES 
                  SEALE
               



            . I am a sea faring man, just come from the East Indies. Last Tuesday night, I had been up to the India house for my wages, I went over London Bridge; when I was going by the platform, Rotherhithe, I met Brown: he asked me whether my name was not Charles Seale, he said shall not we go and have something to drink; we went into the public house and had a pot of beer and half a pint of gin; when we had drank the liquor, he said he had no money to pay for it, but he said he had a good watch; he said will you buy the watch; I said yes, go home with me to my house; he said he wanted three guineas for it; I said what is the number; he said I should not look at the number of the watch; the watch had a black string and seal to it.


                  CHARLES 
                  JONES
               



            . I live at Rotherhithe Wall, I keep a public house. On Tuesday week last, between six and seven o'clock, Brown came into my bar, he said Jones will you do me a favour; I said I do not know, what is your favour? he replied, will you let me have two guineas on this watch; I said no: I did not look at the number, the maker's name was Tobias.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner on the next day, on the Wednesday; on searching him I found a bank of England note, two seven shilling pieces, five shillings and sixpence in silver, and a few halfpence. I asked him how he became possessed of this bank note, he told me he took it for a run down voyage to Gravesend. On my looking at the note I found it was not issued from the bank at the time he stated. The next day he said that he had taken the note from his wife.
Q. How far is Rotherhithe Wall from Nightingale lane - A. It is the other side of the water.
Q. When you searched him, did you find any watch about him - A. No, none at all.
Q. to prosecutor. What was the maker's name of your watch - A. Tobias.
Smith. Before I apprehended the prisoner I called upon Mr. Tobias, I asked him if he had sold this man a watch; he said yes, he had given five guineas and a half for it.
Brown's Defence. All I can say in regard of this gentleman, I was in company with him, I was drunk along with him all the morning; there were a great many women of the town along with us, and this young woman was along with the rest. Robert Thompson was with us; we got groggy, and we parted; I know nothing of the charge.
BROWN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FARMER, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
