





107. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  INYON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of January
, eleven gallons of brandy, value 7l. and a wooden cask, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Fassett
               



            , Sir


                  Robert 
                  Burnett
               



            , Knt.


                     Robert 
                     Burnett
                  



               
            , the younger
, and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Fassett
               



            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  RICHARD 
                  KILNER
               



             sworn. - I am servant toMessrs. Fassett and Burnett: On the 2d of January, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I had a cask of brandy, with other goods, in my cart, at Dice-Quay gateway, in Thames-street


; I left my cart, and all safe in it, for about five minutes, because I could not get down the Quay; when I returned to it the cask of brandy was gone, the tail board had been taken down and put up again, but not fastened; I saw it again about three minutes afterwards pitched in the middle of the street, and the prisoner in custody.


                  THOMAS 
                  MERRIMAN
               



             sworn. - I am streetkeeper and constable: On the 2d of January, coming along, I saw the prisoner run across Thames-street, from Dice-Quay to St. Dunstan's-hill, with a cask upon his back; I pursued him till he got into Tower-street, where I stopped him, and he threw the calk off his back. I secured him, and he said he was employed by a man to carry it; the cask was staved by throwing it down; then the carman came and claimed it. (The cask produced, and identified.)


                  ROBERT 
                  BURNETT
               



            , Esq. sworn. - The firm of the house is Thomas Fassett, Sir Robert Burnett, 
               
                  Robert 
                  Burnett
               



            , the younger, and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Fassett
               



            ; the cask contained between eleven and twelve gallons, and the value about ten pounds.
Prisoners defence. I was going home, and two gentlemen, very well dressed, asked me to carry it home for them. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
