





621. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BEADNELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3rd of June
, one ounce and fifteen penny weights of silver cuttings, value 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Gerrard
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Crespall
                  



               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  JASPER 
                  CRESPALL
               



            . Q. Are you in the employ of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Gerrard
               



             - A. Yes; and the prisoner was one of his journeymen
.
Q. In consequence of any suspicion you had did you on the 3rd of June mark any silver that you delivered out to the prisoner - A. Yes, I did.
Q. What work was he to do - A. To finish a teapot; for that purpose I delivered him a piece of silver plate; I marked it with a diamond punch, in that part that was to be cut off; at six o'clock he left his work, then I looked in his apron, I found materially less cuttings than I expected, the piece that I had marked was not there; I went to the accompting house, where he then was being paid by my father, I went in and shut the door, and told him he had in his pocket what he had no right to; I told him it was not the first time; he said it was the first time, and then produced the silver cuttings, an ounce and fifteen pennyweights. The silver is the property of Mr. Gerrard; here is the marked piece; the cuttings are the produce of that day's work.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence; called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
