





334. 
               
                  
                     JONATHAN 
                     BROUGH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of April
, 1800, a Bank-note, value 10l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wood
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WOOD
               



             sworn. - I keep the Falcon wine-vaults in Fetter-lane




: On the 29th of April last, a porter came to me, and asked me for change for a ten-pound Bank-note, the porter's name is 
               
                  Richard 
                  Blundell
               



            ; I wrote upon the note the gentleman's name from whom he said he came - Mr. Donovan, Serjeant's-inn, 29th April, 1800; I put it down upon the counter, the prisoner was by at the time; the prisoner desired to go up stairs to see a young man who was ill; I opened the flap of the counter, and he went up stairs; I went up with him, desiring a young woman to mind the shop, and take care of the note; when we came down, I opened the slap of the counter to let him out; he came close by the place where the note was lying, and went away; I turned round to look for the note, and it was gone; I looked about to see if it had been blown off the table, but I could not find it; I then went to the prisoner at the bar, No. 6, in Clifford's-inn; I asked him if he had seen any thing of a ten pound note; he said no, he had not; I said, I have lost it; I then went to the Temple to find the porter, to whom I had given the cash; I asked him if he knew the date or number of the note; he said he did not; I then went to Mr. Donovan, and he told me: On the 2d of May following, I went to the Bank, and gave notice of the number and date; after it came back to the Bank, I went to the Bank, and gave the value for the note. On the 16th of August, I received it from the Cashier's office; I then traced the note; I observed the prisoner's name upon it.
Q. Did you know that to be the note which was upon your counter? - A. Yes, I did; there was my own hand-writing upon it; I have had the note ever since; I got it from the Bank. (Produces it.)

Cross examined by Mr. Alley. Q. The date appears to be written with a different ink from that of the name of Donovan? - A. I wrote them both at the same time.
Q. Where is Mr. Donovan now, do you know? - A. No.
Q. Were you in the habit of changing notes for him? - A. No.
Q. You were in habits of intimacy with the prisoner? - A. Yes; he used to come backwards and forwards.
Q. You had seen the prisoner frequently after, before you discovered the note? - A. He used my house for about a fortnight after.
Q. You have met him by accident since that time? - A. Yes, about a month ago, I met him in Fleet-market.
Q. And he went very readily with you before the Lord-Mayor? - A. Yes.


                  RICHARD 
                  BLUNDELL
               



             sworn. - I am a porter, belonging to the Inner-Temple: On the 29th of April last, Mr. Donovan gave me a note to get change for him; he, at that time, lived in Serjeanr's-inn, he was with Counsellor Bedford, I asked Mr. Wood to give me chage for it; he took the note up, looked at it, and laid it on the counter; Mr. Wood wrote upon it Mr. Donovan's name, and the date of the year.
Q. Should you know it again from that mark? - A. Yes; Mr. Wood laid it on the table, and said, he laid it there to dry before he booked it; the prisoner was there, and said he could reach the note; I said he must have a longer arm than I then; after that, he wanted to go up stairs to see a brother or a nephew of Mr. Wood's that was ill; he did not go up stairs while I was there; I took the money to Mr. Donovan.


                  ANN 
                  BRINDLEY
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Wood: On the 29th of April, I saw Mr. Wood give cash for a ten-pound note; he went up stairs, and desired me to take care of the shop and the note; the prisoner went up stairs with Mr. Wood; I am sure no one person had been in during the time they were up stairs.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You don't know that it was the 29th of April, but from what your master told you? - A. I am sure it was that day; I cannot tell what day of the week it was.
Q. Was it not from your having seen it written upon the note, after it was discovered, that you knew it was the 29th of April? - A. No; I know it from recollection.


                  JOHN 
                  FLEET
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to Messrs. North, Hoare, Nanson, and Simpson, grocers in Fleet-street; in the month of August last, Mr. Wood came to our house to enquire of whom we had taken a ten-pound note, which he then produced; the note was examined, and it appeared that I had taken it of the prisoner at the bar, on the 29th of April last; I particularly remembered, and do now remember, the prisoner coming to our house; I knew him personally, but did not recollect his name; he came in the forenoon; I asked him his name, and where of, meaning of what place; he told me his name, which I wrote upon it - Mr. Brough, of the Leverian Museum, Blackfriars-bridge; after he was gone, I recollect writing the word "over," over Blackfriars-bridge; I think he said, near Blackfriars-bridge; this is the same note.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You conceived him to be a respectable person, and therefore you readily took it? - A. Yes.
Q. I observe you have not put the day that you received it, upon the note? - A. Yes, I have.
Q. I do not see it? - A. Yes, there is 29. 4, which signifies the 29th of the 4th month.
Mr. Alley. (To Wood). Q. What time in the day did you lose your note? - A. About nine o'clock in the morning.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, and called three witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 60.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
