






618. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     PALMER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     RHYND
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of July
, fourteen yards of printed calico, value 35s.
             the property of 
               
                  Oliver 
                  Oxley
               




            .


                  ROBERT 
                  MORRIS
               



             sworn. - I am shopman to Mr. Oliver Oxley, linen-draper
, No. 273, Holborn


; the two prisoners at the bar came into our shop about eleven in the morning of Friday last, and asked for some Irish linen at sixteen-pence a yard; having none at that price, I shewed them some at eighteen-pence, and while I went down to the bottom of the shop they took the calico.
Q. Did you see them take it? - A. No.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHEELER
               



             sworn. - I am a silversmith and jeweller in Holborn: On Friday, the 3d instant, as I stood at the door the two prisoners at the bar went past the door; in consequence of suspicions that had been communicated to me, I watched the prisoners, and saw Palmer take the calico off the counter and put it under her cloak; she came out, and dropped the calico in the street within two doors; I had seen them together before; they had both gone into a shop below before; the man who picked it up is now in Court, his name is Sharpe.


                  GEORGE 
                  SHARPE
               



             sworn. - I am a caner for chairs and whiskeys; I live Newton-street, Holborn; I saw the prisoner Palmer drop the piece of calico; I picked it up and gave it to a gentleman in doors.
JOHN BETTS sworn. I am a haberdasher: On Friday, the 3d of July, I saw the two prisoners looking at some goods in my shop; when they went away I watched them into Mr. Oxley's shop, and when they came out I laid hold of Palmer, and said they had got something; upon which Palmer dropped the calico, and Sharpe picked it up.(Bacon, the officer, produced the property, which was identified by Morris.)
Palmer's defence. I have nothing to say.
Rhynd's defence. I know nothing of it.
Palmer, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.
Rhynd, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
