





164. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  HERROD
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of January
, a wooden cask, value 4d. and three hundred cod founds, value 1l. 16s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James-Ebenezer 
                     Saunders
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Nathaniel 
                     Saunders
                  



               
            .

JAMES-EBENEZER SAUNDERS
             sworn. - I am in partnership with 
               
                  Nathaniel 
                  Saunders
               



            , fish-factors

, Upper Thames-street


; I know nothing of the loss of the property.
 - AMOS sworn. - I am servant to Messrs. Saunders: On Thursday evening, the 15th of January, I saw the prisoner take a cask off the lead in my master's shop; it contains three hundred cod founds; I pursued him, and in about five minutes I came up with him; he was stopped in a court in Miles's-lane; I picked up the barrel in the court; it might be 160 yards from the prisoner.
Q. Did you lose sight of him at all? - A. Yes, I first lost sight of him in the turning going up Miles's-lane, he had a comrade with him; as soon as I came out of the shop, I saw two soldiers; the cask was carried home, and I put a mark upon it; I am sure it is the cask that was stolen. (The cask was produced and deposed to.)
Q. Can you swear to the face of the prisoner? - A. No, he was too quick for me.
Q. If there were two soldiers, how can you swear to this man? - A. I cannot swear to the man; here is a witness that never lost sight of him.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  SHAW
               



             sworn. - I am a porter; I was going past Mr. Saunders's shop last Thursday night, I saw a soldier
 go to the place, and take the cask in his hands; I called out to the foreman of the shop that the cask was gone.
Q. Can you swear that the prisoner is the soldier that took the cask? - A. No.
Q. Did you see two soldiers? - A. Yes; they both ran together till they came to the first coach-turning in Miles's-lane; I holloaed out, stop thief, all the way that I went; the prisoner at the bar turned into a court, he had the cask then; I laid hold of his coat behind, and he dropped the cask; then he turned round, and struck at me; he slipped out of my hand, and got away, and the other soldier swore he would knock my head against the wall; I called out to the foreman of the shop, and told him to take care of the cask, for it was there, and he was taken immediately, and delivered to the officer: when he got away from me, before he could get up, another man came up and boned him again; then the officer came up and took him.
Q. Did you ever lose sight of him? - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  HORNE
               



             sworn. - I am one of the constables of Bridge Ward; I took the prisoner in Three Tun-court; I live in the court; he was very obstreporous.
Prisoner's defence. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27. - 


               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
