






102. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LOVETT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     FLETCHER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 18th of December
, a sack, value 1 s. and five pecks of barley, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Roberts
                  




               
            , esq
.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTS
               



            , ESQ. I live in John street; I have got a country house in Middlesex. Lovett was a thresher
, and Fletcher took care of my farm horses
.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HORROD
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Roberts. On the 16th of last month I went into the barn were Lovett was threshing of barley; I told him he would be able to thrash it all out the next day; he said no, he should not be able to finish until Monday. I then took up the fork to see how much there was, I stuck it in a sack; I took it up, I asked him what it was; he said he did know any thing at all about it; I found it contained barley, I told him so; he then said he had gleaned it up for Joseph, and he had not taken it away. I then left the barn.
Q. Who is Joseph - A. He is an odd man, he takes care of the pigs and cows. After the men had left their work I went into the barn, I found the barley there; I marked the sack. On Sunday morning I found it was gone; I acquainted my master; we searched about and found it in the horses' bin covered over with straw; we took out a sample of it. At night the sack was marked by the constable.
- I am a constable. I found this sack in the corn bin in the stable; I saw Lovett come out of Mr. Roberts's gate with the sack upon his shoulder, between five and six on Sunday evening; Fletcher came out of the gate with him into the lane, I followed them and brought them back to Mr. Roberts. Upon examining the sack I found it contained barley; it corresponded with the sample; that is the sack.
Mr. Alley. The sack is not his master's - A. No.
The prisoners left their defence to their counsel.
Fletcher called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
LOVETT, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FLETCHER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 33.





               Confined One Year in the House of Correction
            , and 



               fined One Shilling
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
