






228. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     COTTERELL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DILLON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of February
, a copper saucepan and cover, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Griggs
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  GRIGGS
               



             sworn. - I keep the Rose
, the corner of Wigmore-street, in Wimpole-street


: On the 5th of February, in the afternoon, the two prisoners came into my house and had a pint of porter, and went away; as soon as they were gone I missed a copper saucepan and a tea-kettle; the copper saucepan was just taken from the bar into the kitchen; and about a quarter before ten o'clock at night, the same evening, they both came in again, and called for a pint of porter; Cotterell sat about ten minutes, and then went into the kitchen; I saw him come up the steps and turn into the street, with this saucepan upon him, (produces it); he had the cover in his bosom, and the saucepan under his coat, Dillon remained in the tap-room drinking a pint of beer; I ran out immediately after him, and asked him what he had got; he seemed to sham drunk, and said, nothing; I immediately told him he should go back, and I would see what he had got, and I pushed him back into the house; he did not appear to be tipsy when I drew him the pint of beer; I sent for the watchman, and they were taken to the watch-house; they were searched in my presence, and a great quantity of picklock-keys, and skeleton keys, were found upon them; I never found the tea-kettle again.


                  RICHARD 
                  MOAY
               



             sworn. - I was constable of the night, I did not see the prisoners till they were brought to the watch-house; I searched them, and found, in Cotterell's pocket, a number of picklock-keys, and skeleton keys; and in Dillon's pocket, I found a chissel and some keys, but not picklock-keys. (Produces them).
RICHARD ELMAN sworn. - On Thursday the 5th of February, I was coming out of Mr. Griggs's house, about ten o'clock at night, I saw Mr. Griggs lay hold of the prisoner; I went with them to the watch-house, and as they went along, I saw Cottorell drop this bundle of picklock-keys. (Producing a large quantity).
Cotterell's defence. I went into the kitchen to ask the girl to lend me a saucepan to boil a few potatous in; Dillon and I were going to have a bit of supper.
Q.(To Griggs.) Do you happen to know if there, was any person in the kitchen at that time? - A. No; there was no person in it, nor any light.
Cotterell, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Dillon, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
