






455. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     OSLAND
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     MOLTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of June
, a half-guinea, a piece of foreign coin, value 2 s. 3 d. and a shilling
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Taylor
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Taylor
                  



               
            .
(The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.)


                  JOHN 
                  TAYLOR
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. What are you? - A. I am a printer

; my father is in partnership with me; I live in Shoe-lane, Fleet-street, the printing-office is at the back of the house, in Eagle and child alley


.

Q. In consequence of information that you received, had you occasion to put in your accompting-house any marked money? - A. Yes, I put some half-guineas and seven-shilling pieces, and some silver.
Q. Do you know how many of each? - A. I do not recollect the quantity; I put then in the till-box in the drawer in my desk, where I usually keep all my money.
Q. Did you mark all of them the same? - A. No, there were different marks.
Q. Was that accompting-house in Eagle and child alley? - A. Yes, it is a room in the printing-office, it does not join the dwelling-house.
Q. When was it you put the marked money there? - A. About a week before the 20th of June, when I first received the information; on the 21st of June, at five o'clock in the morning, I was alarmed by one of my apprentices; I got up immediately, and went into my accompting-house, I found the only four drawers that had locks taken out, the locks had been forced, the till-box on the floor, and all the money gone, and the papers that were in the drawers scattered about.
Q. Had you any trunk there? - A. Yes, that was broken open, the staple was broken in two; it contained books and papers.
Q. In consequence of finding this what did you do? - A. I went to Trott.
Court. Q. To what amount was the money in the till? - A. Somewhere between one and two pound were gone, I am sure there was more than 1 l.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Where was Trott? - A. He was at his lodgings in Hatton-wall.
Q. You gave information to Trott, and went with him to Stanton, the other officer, what then? - A. Then Trott and Stanton went into a cellar at Brooke's-market, Holborn; I waited in the street about two minutes, and then I went into the cellar, and there I saw Osland; I waited while they searched the cellar; the cellar did not seem to communicate with the house; I saw them find some crows and some picklock-keys and two papers of bad money; there was a woman and a man and a girl about eight or ten years old, all in the cellar.
Q. Did you afterwards go with Osland to the watch-house with the officers? - A. I went with the officers to the office, at Hatton-garden, and there they lodged Osland, and the man and woman too in custody.
Q. What became of the little girl? - A. They left her in the cellar to do as she pleased. We then went to a court in the neighbourhood of Mutton-hill; I waited in the court, and the officers went in a door at the end of the court; in about two minutes one of them put his head out of the window, and said, that he had taken Molton; I then went in and saw Molton and the woman dressing, and a little boy, and the girl that we had left in Osland's cellar.
Q. How long was the space of time, between the time that you had left the little girl in Osland's cellar, and the time that you were at Molton's? - A. Half an hour, I am not quite sure; they took Molton, the girl, and the boy, in custody to the Police-office.
Q. Did you see any thing that was found there? - A. One of the officers shewed me a crow.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. I believe you did not know the prisoners before? - A. No.
Q. They had not been in your house nor about it? - A. No.
Q. In what part of the office did you deposit the marked money? - A. In the accompting-house, on the first floor.
Q. You marked your money - I suppose you suspected some of your workmen? - A. No, I had information.
Q. You suspected somebody from information that you received from the officers? - A. Yes.
Court. Q. How late before this morning when you found your accompting-house had been broken open, had you seen any of this marked money? - A. I saw it every night before for a week to the best of my recollection, I am sure I saw it the night before, on the 20th.
Mr. Alley. Q. How many half-guineas had you marked? - A. I had marked more than one half-guinea, I had marked some silver, and there was one shilling marked; I left the accompting-house on the 20th, about nine at night; I examined the money before I went, and locked the accompting-room myself.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TROTT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp, I am an officer belonging to Hatton garden Office.
Q. Did you give any information to Mr. Taylor previous to this robbery being committed? - A. Yes, about a week before; Mr. Taylor came to me about half past five in the morning, on the 21st, I then proceeded with Stanton to Brooke's-market, to Osland's cellar.
Court. Q. Where is that cellar? - A. The corner of Brook-street.
Q. Is that a cellar that is used for a habitation? - A. It is a habitation; when I unbolted the door in the cellar that communicated to the house, I knew some of the people in the house to be honest people.
Q. Did you know Osland before, whom you had found there? - A. I had seen Osland several times before.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Tell us exactly what past when you got to this cellar? - A. I saw Osland in bed with a woman, in the cellar, and a little girl in the same bed, and an old man sitting on the sideof the bed; I told Osland, he must get up and dress himself, we were officers, and were come to take him into custody; he got up, and I tied his hands; I then struck a light, there was no light in the cellar only from the door; while I was looking about one part of the room, I saw the woman get out of the bed, and go towards a rabbit-hutch, she was stooping down, I asked her what she was going to do; she said, she was going to feed the rabbits; I pulled her away; sometime after I saw Stanton pick up a bag, I looked at it, and saw two iron crows, and several skeleton keys in the bag; I searched all the house, and every person in the cellar, and found nothing that was suspected to be Mr. Taylor's property. I asked Osland how the iron crows, and keys came there; he said, a young man that was gone to sea left them there sometime back, I searched Osland, I found nothing on him; I found a great quantity of bad money that had not long been in that state; he said, the same young man had left those sixpences there; we took them all to the Office, but the little girl, and locked them up.
Q. Did you search the old man? - A. Yes, I searched them all and found nothing on them; then we went to a court in Vine-street-hill, near Mutton-hill; I went to a house up one pair of stairs, and I met Molton on the top of the stairs without his stockings and shoes; Stanton was close behind me, I told him to return into the room, I was going to take him into custody; I saw him come out of the one pair of stairs room, he begged I would let him put on his shoes and stockings; I told him, by all means; I found his shoes and stockings were in that room, I then searched him, and in his watch-pocket I found a half-guinea, a French half-crown, and I think there were four shillings altogether, one of which is marked, the half-guinea and the half-crown are marked; he said, oh dear, do not take my money away, it belongs to my wife; I told him if it did belong to his wife, I should take it; there was a little boy in this room, and his wife, the boy was laying on a box on the left hand side of the bed; I turned my head round and saw Osland's little girl sitting on one side of the room with a bonnet on, knowing her, I told my brother officer not to let her go down stairs, till I had searched the room further; I sadly wanted the woman to get out of bed, she was very unwilling, she put on her under petticoat, and sat on the bed: I saw her doing something with one of her hands between the bed and the sacking; I went and pulled up the bed and there lay this crow wrapped up in this cloth; I then locked them up after I had taken them to the Office.
Q. Did you ever go to Mr. Taylor's house with this crow? - A. No, Stanton took the others, they were broken open with the other crows.
Q. When you saw the little girl at the other place did you take her into custody? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you produce to Mr. Taylor that money you now produce? - A. I did, as being found on Molton: I have had them in my possession ever since.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You found nothing at Osland's but crows? - A. Nothing but crows and skeleton keys.


                  ROBERT 
                  STANTON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You went with Osland to this cellar? - A. I did; I produce the crows and the skeleton keys I found in this bag, very near a rabbit-hutch in this cellar.
Q. Did you see the woman near the rabbit-hutch? - A. Yes, I did.
Q. These two crows appear to be fitter for drawers than doors? - A. Yes.
Court. Q. They appear to be fit for the inside of the house? - A. Yes.
Q. You found some keys in the cellar? - A. I found all in that bag. (The keys handed to the Court.)
Court. Q. These keys are for the inside of a house not for doors? - A. They are; I tried these small crows to Mr. Taylor's drawers in the accompting-house, three or four days after the prisoners were taken into custody; they were broke open with an instrument of a like width, they corresponded with the dents, Mr. Taylor was present when I tried these crows.
Q. (To the prosecutor.) Did they fit with the dents in your judgment when the officer tried them? - A. They did.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Was that one of the half-guineas that you saw the night before in the till-box? - A. Yes.
Q. Look at the half-crown and the shilling? - A. These were also part of the marked money that I had put in the till-box; the shilling and the French half-crown and the half-guinea I am sure of, (the money shewn to the Jury) the half-crown is marked on the edge with a waved line, the half-guinea has the dot between the C and F cut off, the shilling has J P on both sides and a fleur de lis, those are the marks I observed on the shilling the night before, and the nights preceding, since I had the information; there were marks on the drawer of a large crow as well as the small ones.
Mr. Alley. Q. Had you parted with any of that money that you had marked? - A. No.
- GUNNER sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am an apprentice to Mr. Taylor; I came out of the dwelling-house about a quarter before five o'clock in the morning; I unlocked the office, and went into the accompting-house, and I observed the drawers were broken open.
Q. Did you observe whether the sash had been up? - A. Yes it was up, it is on the one pair of stairs.

Q. Could any body get in there but through the assistance of a ladder? - A. I do not think they could; the workmen had been at work, and the ladder and scaffolding were about the premises.
Osland's defence. All that I can say, I went to-bed that night between ten and eleven o'clock, and in the morning, about seven, Mr. Trott and Stanton came and called me out of bed; I got up, and went with them; they took that bag, and those things which were left with me (I do not disown) by a man that went on board a ship; they took me and the woman, and the man that came out of the hospital the day before; he met me; I asked him to come home with me, he had broken ribs; they took the mother of the girl, the girl did not belong to me; the girl did not know where to go, and as this boy and girl went to school together, she went there, as far as I know, to Molton's.
Molton's defence. I have got to say, as I came home from work in the evening, I purchased a couple of mackerel; I had no change; I gave a one-pound note, and that is the way I came by the money; I know no further about it.
Osland, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 33.
Molton, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 31.





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
