






251. 
               
                  PETER 
                  STOKES
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HOKEWAY
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of January
, one wrapper, value 6d. twenty-one pounds of tea, value 5l. and seven pounds of coffee, value 1l. 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Hanson
               



            , 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hanson
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Hanson
                  



               
            .
JOHN HANSON sworn. - I am a tea-dealer


, in Holborn, in partnership with Thomas and 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Hanson
               



            : All that I know is that I was sent for to go to Guildhall, to identify the property, which I did.
WILLIAM PUCKERIDGE sworn. - I am a carver and gilder: On the 26th of January, I was standing at my door in Hosier-lane, Smithfield, I saw the two prisoners following a cart; four doors above our's, I saw the prisoner, Hokeway, jump into the cart, take a parcel up, and give it to the other prisoner; I gave the alarm of stop thief! they were pursued into Smithfield, and I saw the prisoner, Stokes, drop the parcel; I did not lose sight of them, only as they turned the corner, till he dropped it; I took up the parcel, and carried it to the carman; they were pursued by others; they were brought back in the course of five minutes, Stokes to the George-inn, Smithfield, and the other to the Compter; I saw them both, and knew them to be the men.
WILLIAM BRENT sworn. - I am carman to Messrs. Hansons, in Holborn: On Tuesday, the 25th of January, about twelve o'clock, I had several chests of tea in a cart, nine or ten, I believe, and a truss in a bag; I was going with it from Messrs. Hansons, in Holborn, to the George-inn, Smithfield; at the top of Hosier-lane


, just as I was going into Smithfield, I heard the cry of stop thief! that my cart was robbed; I stopped the cart, and pursued them into St. Bartholomew's-hospital, the people said, they were gone that way, I did not see them; I returned back to my cart, for fear of losing any more property; I missed a truss, containing twenty-one pounds of tea and seven pounds of coffee, it was sewed up in canvass; I saw the tallest prisoner, Stokes, brought into the Georgeyard, in Smithfield.
Q. Did you see either of them near your cart?- A. No, not till they were brought back to me. The property was brought to the George, and delivered to me by Puckeridge; I gave it to the officer, Chalice; it was in the same state as when I lost it.

GEORGE WARDEN sworn. - I saw the two prisoners follow the cart, I saw Hokeway jump on the cart, take the parcel, and deliver it to Stokes; I gave the alarm of stop thief, and Stokes dropped the parcel; I pursued them, I had not lost fight of him when he dropped it; I lost sight of both as they tusned the corner; Puckeridge took up the parcel; they ran as far as Bartholomew-close; they were both stopped before I came up to them.
Q. Are you sure they were the persons you had seen before? - A. Yes.
Q. Should you know the parcel if you were to see it? - A. Yes.
WILLIAM CHALICE sworn. - I am the patrol belonging to St. Sepulchre's; I produce the wrapper; I had it from the carman; I have kept it from that time to this: On the 25th of January, about twelve o'clock, I was at the top of Giltspur-street, going into Smithfield; I heard the last witness give the alarm of stop thief after the two prisoners; they went through the Hospital-yard; I was near the gate when they went in; I followed across the yard and Little Britain into Bartholomew-close; they were taken in Bartholomewclose; I took Hokeway myself, and took him to the Computer; I saw the other taken; he was carried to the George, in Smithfield.
 - GRAHAM sworn. - I was sent for to take charge of the prisoners.
Hanson. This is my property; I opened it at Guildhall; it was sent out in the cart that day; there are 21lb. of tea and 7lb. of coffee; there was an invoice and permit with it, which I took out at Guildhall; it was going to the George, in Smithfield.
Q.(To Chalice.) Did you take that wrapper to the Alderman? - A. Yes; Mr. Hanson saw it there, and opened it.
Stokes's defence. I know nothing of the business whatever: there were a parcel of people running in Smithfield; I ran as well as they.
Hokeway's defence. I heard the cry of, stop thief; a gentleman stopped Stokes, and said he was one of them; another person stopped me, and said I was one; I asked him what he had against me; he said he did not know.
Hokeway called one witness, who have him a good character.
Stokes, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24.
Hokeway, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
