





120. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     NORRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Taylor
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of ten in the night of the 26th of December
, and burglariously stealing four pair of stockings, value 10s.
             the property of the said William.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               



             sworn. - I am a haberdasher-and-hosier
, No. 12, High-street, St. Giles's


: On the 26th of December last, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, the prisoner at the bar was pushed into the shop by a neighbour of mine, of the name of Brough; as he lay upon his hands and knees upon the floor, the stockings dropped from under his coat, and he was taken to the watch-house.


                  JOHN 
                  BROUGH
               



             sworn. - I keep a liquor-shop within three doors of Mr. Taylor: On the 26th, a little before eleven o'clock, a person called me out; I went out, and I saw the window was broke, and I saw the prisoner take a pair of stockings out of the window; he then came about a yard from the window, and looked into the street; I immediately took him by the collar, and he held up his fist, and struck me; I hit him a knock on one side of his head, and knocked him into Mr. Taylor's shop; he then tried to get out of the shop, and, in the struggle, he tumbled four or five pair of stockings from under his coat; I then wished Mr. Taylor to get a constable, and he was secured.

Q. 
            (To Mr. Taylor.) Do you know when the window was broke? - A. I did not hear the window broke.
Q. You don't know what time it was broke? - A. It was not broke in the evening.(David Wood, the constable, produced the stockings.)
Mr. Taylor. These are all my stockings.
Prisoner's defence. The gentleman says very false. GUILTY, aged 30.




               Of stealing the goods, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
