





662. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BEAUMONT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing in the month of August, a frock, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Powell
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Powell
               



            , No. 7, Phoenix-street, he is a sawyer
, near Westminster bridge, in Lambeth; I lost a frock from this baby, the prisoner took it from her, it was about the middle of August; my daughter was nursing the child I now have in my arms, I saw the prisoner with the child I now have in my arms, turning the corner of the street, and little thought that she was going to take the child away; the baby was missing two hours; I found it in Parliament street, and the frock was taken away; the frock has not been found since.
SUSANNAH POWELL. Q. You are the daughter of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Powell
               



            . - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember having your sister to nurse. - A. Yes. That is the woman that took the child out of my arms (pointing to the prisoner); my mother keeps a broker's shop, the prisoner came in to sell a jacket and two pair of old stockings; I came in soon after her; she took the child out of my arms and kissed it; she went with me to the soot of Westminster bridge, she gave me a penny to fetch her a pennyworth of plums; while I was gone she went away towards Westminster. I looked back as I went for the plums; she got up and then safe down; when I came back she was gone. I went home and told my mother; in about two hours the child was found in Parliament-street, stripped of her frock.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOODENOUGH
               



            . I am a constable, I took her in custody.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not strip that child.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
