







756. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     CONNER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     NICHLESS 
                     DILL
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 18th of August

, 5 sheets, value 18 s., 6 aprons, value 8 s., 4 shifts, value 7 s., a child's coat, value 3 s., 4 frocks, value 10 s., a bed-gown, value 1 s. 6 d., 2 pillow-cases, value 2 s., a gown, value 6 s., 2 petticoats, value 6 s., 2 pinafores, value 1 s., and a table-cloth, value 3 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Parr
                  



               
            , and


                     MARY 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             for 


               feloniously receiving 3 sheets, value 10 s. 6 d. an apron, value 1 s. 2 shifts, value 3 s. 6 d. a child's coat, value 1 s. 6 d., 4 frocks, value 10 s., a bed-gown, value 1 s. 6 d., 2 pillow cases, value 2 s., a gown, value 6 s. a petticoat, value 3 s., 2 pinafores, value 1 s., and a table-cloth. value 3 s., being part and parcel of the before mentioned goods, she knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  ABIGAIL 
                  PEARL
               



            . I am the wife of 
               Wm. Pearl
            , my husband is a publican, we live at the Robin-hood, Church lane, St. Giles's, 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Conner
               



             was my servant
, I sent a basket of linen by 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Conner
               



             to be mangled on the 12th of August, she staid in my service and remained at work till Friday the 18th.
MRS. FLETCHER. I received a basket of linen containing three dozen pieces, 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Conner
               



             brought it for her mistress, on Saturday, August 12th; on the evening of the same day she came and desired a shawl for her mistress, she had it, she came to me on the Monday morning and said, by her mistress's desire, I was not to send the linen home until they were sent for; on the Thursday following she came to my house again and desired a dark gown and a table-cloth, I let her have them, and put them up in an apron of Mrs. Pearl's, she desired me to bring the basket in on Friday morning by her mistress's desire. On Friday morning, Conner was with me before nine o'clock for the basket of linen, and paid me for mangling of it. In about an hour after, Mrs. Pearl sent a person to me to say that I must bring home the basket of linen.
Prosecutrix. I never sent Conner for the things.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GIBSON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Page, Liquorpond Street, I had part of the property from Conner one apron only, I am positive of Conner and confident of Sullivan, I had from Sullivan a shift, a gown, 4 frocks, a bed-gown, two pillow-cases, a petticoat, 2 pinafores, and 2 table-cloths, I am not positive, they are all down, there are 19 articles in the whole. 
               
                  Nichless 
                  Dill
               



             came and claimed some of the property as hers.
The property produced and identified.
Conner's Defence. I know nothing about the things.
Dill said nothing in her defence.
Sullivan's Defence. I was coming from my day's washing, Conner asked me if I would do an errand for her, she asked me to pawn a sheet, when I went in the pawnbroker said, I stopped such a sheet, I said the sheet does not belong to me, they stopped me and the property too.
CONNER - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for seven years
            .
DILL - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
SULLIVAN - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
