






43. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     KITCHENER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  SARAH 
                  ARTHUR
               



             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of November

, twenty-three yards of check, value 42s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Marmaduke 
                           Strother
                        



                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            ; and the other for 


               receiving the same, knowing it to have been stolen
            .
MARMADUKE STROTHER sworn. - Q.Where do you live? - A. No. 45, Broad-street, St. Giles's



.
Q.What are you? - A. A linen-draper
: On the 11th of November, between nine and ten in the morning, the boy, John Mountain, came to me, and gave me some information, in consequence of which I came up into the shop, and missed a roll of check, which I had laid at the door, four threads of blue cotton, and three threads of white linen.
Q.Whereabouts had you laid it? - A. I laid it within six inches of the iron bar which goes about six inches from the door jam.
Q.Might a person going by easily have taken it? - A. Yes, by pulling it hard; I immediately asked a friend's advice, and he recommended me to go to Bow-street; I went there immediately; then I went to Crocker's lodgings.
Q. Who is Crocker? - A. A Bow-street officer; according to his directions, I went to the top of Doyl-street, and stood within Russell-street, at the top of Dyot-street, in company with John Mountain.
Q. Who is John Mountain? - A. A boy who lives with his parents in Middle-row, St. Giles's;in a very little time after that, Crocker came up with two persons, neither of whom I knew, but Mountain pointing to one person, said, that is him, that is him.
Q. Was that the man at the bar? - A. Yes; we took him to Bow-street; I had not been in Russell-street long, before Crocker brought in a piece of check that answered the description I had given.
Q. Was it your check? - A. It is rather more than a half quarter wide.
Q. Will you swear it to be your's? - A. When it was taken from my door, it had a private mark upon it, and was rolled up in a roll; this check answers exactly to the same pattern and the same width.


                  EDWARD 
                  CROCKER
               



             sworn. - (Produces the check.) I found it in the possession of the woman prisoner on Thursday, the 11th of November, somewhere between eleven and twelve o'clock.
Strother. The private mark was upon a piece of buckram, pinned on.
Q. Can you swear to it? - A. As my mark is gone I cannot.


                  JOHN 
                  MOUNTAIN
               



             called. - Q. How old are you? - A. I am in my fourteenth year.
Q. Do you know the nature of an oath? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know the consequence of taking a false oath? - A. Yes, it is perjury, my Lord -(sworn), I was standing opposite Mr. Strother's, and saw the prisoner Kitchener go within side the door and take a piece of check and run away with it; I went over to give information of it; I lost him in Middle-row; Mr. Strother then went for Mr. Crocker, and I went with Mr. Strother and Mr. Crocker to the top of Dyot-street; I said with Mr. Strother, and Mr. Crocker went and brought the prisoner Kitchener, and asked me if that was the man; I told him it was, and then they took him to Bow street.
Q. Are you sure he is the man? - A. Yes.
Q.Had you ever seen him before? - A. Yes, I knew him by fight.
Q. How long had you know him? - A. I had known him walking about the neighbourhood.
Prisoner. Q. What time of the day was it you saw it taken? - A. About ten o'clock; it might be before or after, I cannot say rightly.
Q. Why did you not give the alarm when you saw me take it? - A. I had not presence of mind, but went over immediately to Mr. Strother's.
Q.(To Crocker). You are an officer of Bow-street? - A. Yes: On Thursday morning, the 11th of November, Mr. Strother came to me about half past ten, or between that and eleven, and told me he had lost a piece of check, and from the description he gave me of the person, I went with some brother officers up into St. Giles's; I advised Mr. Strother to get the boy, and go to the top of Dyot-street, and to wait there till he saw me; we found the prisoner Kitchener in the dress the boy described, with another person; I then took him to the top of Dyot-street to Mr. Strother and the boy, and the boy identified him, and we took him to the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



            , in Bow-street; we left him there, and went up into St. Giles's again, and from information we went to the aprtments of the prisoner Arthur; I made an excuse; and went into the apartments; I came up again, and went down a second time with Limbrick; when I went down the second time, I told her what we came after; we looked about, and I asked her if she had any other apartments; she then took me up to the twopair of stairs front room; when I came down stairs again, Limbrick said, pointing to the corner of the Chimney, look there, Ned; I took up an old coat, and under it I found this piece of check; we asked her where she got it; she would not make answer for a good while; after a little while, she said, she had it of Kitchener, and that she was to give him a guinea for it; she was brought to Bow-street.
Q. Does Kitchener lieve in that house? - A. No, not that I know of.
Q. What is the prisoner Arthur? - A. She lives in a kind of cellar, where they sell old shoes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Had you made this woman any promise before she said she had it of Kitchener? - A. No, I did not.


                  RICHARD 
                  LIMBRICK
               



             sworn. - I am an officer; I was in company with Crocker; we went down into Mrs. Arthur's kitchen; we told her we came after a piece of check; we did not see it below at first, and I desired her to go up stairs with Crocker and shew the other apartments.
Q. Did you know she had another apartment? - A. I did not see any bed below stairs, and judged she had another apartment; they went up stairs, I was watching her son and another man that were below stairs at the same time; when Crocker came down stairs I told him to look behind the chimney, there was a dark corner by the side of the chimney, and underneath a great coat Crocker pulled out this piece of check; we then asked her how she came by it, she was a long time before she would give any answer at all, and she then said she had it of Kitchener; Crocker then took her son to the office, and I remained with her while she put on her cloak and bonnet, and as she was going along she told me she was obliged to pawn for the money she gave to Kitchener; she was to give him a guinea for it, and she had given him fourteen shillings in part, and was to give him seven more; before they were examined Kitchener changed his geat coat and put on another very ragged one.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Do not you know it is this woman's son that keeps the house and not herself? - A. No.
Q. The place was very dark, was it not? - A. Yes.

Q.And did she not offer you a light? - A. Yes, after the property was found.
Kitchener's defence. I am quite entirely innocent; I was not near the place the time.
I was not near the place at the time.(For prisoner Kitchener.)


                  GEORGE 
                  LEE
               



             sworn. - Prisoner Q. What time was I at your house? -
Court. Q. Where do you live? - A. I keep the King's Arms, Durry-lane: On the 11th of November the prisoner came in about nine o'clock, and stopped till half past ten; he had half a pint of purl while he stopped.
Q. How do you know it was half past ten? - A. I know it by the clock; it was near eleven.
The prisoner Arthur called three witnesses, who gave her a good character.
Court. (To Mountain.) Q. You say you saw the prisoner the something from Mr. Strother's shop? - A. Yes.
Q.What frot of looking thing was it. such a looking thing as that? - A. Yes it was.
Q. How far does Mr. Strother live from Lee's house? - A. I don't know the house.
Q.(To Croker.) How far is the King's Arms Druty-lane, from Strother's? - A. About two hundred yards.
Q.(To Strother.) What is the value of this cheek? - A.It is worth two guineas, it cannot be manufactured for less.
Kitchener, GUILTY, aged 18.
Of 


               stealing goods value 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Arthur, 

               Not GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Gross.
