





130. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  RUTLAND
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, a hammock, value 2s. a mattrass, value 15s. two blankets, value 6s. a counterpane, value 3s. a pillow, value 5s. a coat, value 20s. two shirts, value 15s. a frock, value 2s. two pair of breeches, value 4s. two handkerchiefs, value 1s. 6d. two pair of shoes, value 5s. and three pair of stockings, value 6s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Lawson
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  LAWSON
               



             sworn. I am a mariner
; I lost my apparel and bedding; I lived with my father at the time I hired the prisoner, as a porter
, on the 9th of November, to carry my hammock and bag of cloaths to Blackwall; I ordered him to carry them to the Shoulder of Mutton and Pig; when I got to Black wall, I found he had not been there; I immediately went to the house I had hired him from, the Black Boy, at Wapping New Stairs; there was an officer in the house, who went in search of the prisoner; I did not see him again till I saw him at the office, near two months after. -(Repeats the articles mentioned in the indictment). - I never found any of them again; I am sure he is the man.


                  JOHN 
                  TIDMIRE
               



             sworn. - I am a victualler, in Old Gravel-lane; the prisoner came to my house with a bed and a bag of cloaths; he said a sailor desired him to bring them there; he left them and came again in two or three days, and said the sailor and sent 6d. for warehouse-room, and said he was going to take them to Blackwall.
JOHN FOX sworn. I am an officer; last Monday was fortnight, knowing the boy, I apprehended him.
Prisoner's defence. I did not make away with it; it was too heavy for me; a shipmate of mine took the bag of cloaths, and I saw no more of him; the hammock I sold. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
