





556. 
               
                  ANN 
                  KELLY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of September
, a child's frock, value 6 d. a child's bed-gown, value 1 s. and a bonnet, value 4 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Jane 
                  Robinson
               




            , widow
.


                  JANE 
                  ROBINSON
               



             sworn. - The way I became acquainted with the prisoner was, that I was obliged to go into the poor-house where she was: On the 14th of September she called upon me in the morning; I was going out for about an hour; she said she would take care of my child till my return; I give it into her arms, and went out; I was gone about an hour and a quarter; when I came back; I missed the child and the prisoner; I did not see my child from Monday, at eleven o'clock, till Wednesday, ten at night, when she brought it back; the child had on a black and white bed-gown, an olive-coloured bonnet, and a black skirt, when she took it away; the bed-gown was changed for an old black frock, and the bonnet was changed for this hat; the gown was worth 1 s. and the bonnet 4 d. I missed a frock out of the room, in the course of the day when the child was taken; she said she had pawned them, and produced the duplicate; I had been to Bow-street, and issued a warrant.



                  ROBERT 
                  GRANT
               



             sworn. - I apprehended her, and asked her whether the child had the same things on as when she first had it; she said, no, she had pawned the frock; that she had been locked up in St. Giles's workhouse, and could not let the child's mother know where it was.


                  JOHN 
                  HINCKESMAN
               



             sworn. - This gown was pledged with me for 6 d. (The gown produced and identified.)
Prisoner's defence. When I went to Mrs. Robinson's, she said she was going to receive her parish pay, and she wanted to wean her child; I said I would do it, as I had nothing else to do; she said she could not afford to pay me, but consented that I should take the child to excite compassion on the public, and she gave me the bed-gown in my pocket, to make a few pence of, if I wanted any thing for the child.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
