





66. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MAYON
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously secreting and stealing 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Goding
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Goding
                  



               
            .
Second count that he received the said money on the 20th of August
, of one 
               
                  William 
                  Guy
               



            .
The case was stated by Mr. Alley.


                  JOHN 
                  YOUDALL
               



            ; examined by Mr. Alley. How many casks of table beer did the prisoner take out on that day. - A. Five.
Q. On his return in the evening, tell us whether he returned Mr. Guy as the person to whom he had delivered any beer. - A. He did not.
Q. To whom were these casks of beer delivered. A. To Stokes of Kensington one kilderkin, Thornton, Church street, one kilderkin, Rose, Kensington, one firkin, Conn a firkin, and Peacham a firkin. These five casks were delivered to him to serve those who wanted beer; he did not return Mr. Guy as a person that had received beer.
Mr. Gurney. Did he bring any money on that day. - A. He brought five shillings home from Ross.
Mr. GUY; examined by Mr. Alley. I live in Little Chelsea.
Q. On the 20th of August did you receive any beer from the prisoner, and did you pay for that beer on account of his master. - A. I did; me or my wife paid him, I was present at the delivery and at the payment.
(The receipt read in court.)
Prisoner's Defence. All the money that ever I received I paid into the counting house, and I never had any thing to shew for it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
