





9. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     FIELD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 15th of October
, a pelisse, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
lady
 
                        Mary 
                        dowager countess
 of Macclesfield
                     



                  , and two cotton gowns, value 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Sheldon
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling house of the said lady Mary dowager, countess of Macclesfield
            .
MR. LARK. I am a painter, I was employed to paint lady Macclesfield's house, the prisoner was employed by me to work at the dowager's house. On Monday the 19th of October I discovered the drawers in the back parlour, and the butler's room were broken open; I being at work in the house, I found they had been broken open by a tool that painter's use; I have the tool here; this was the mark of this point of the knife in several places; and this iron was used to poise the knife to force the lock down. There is twenty locks broken in trunks and drawers, and so forth. I discovered this on Monday, and the prisoner not being at work on the Saturday, nor on the Monday, my suspicion fell on him. I immediately applied to Mr. Conant in Marlborough-street, he sent Jackson with me immediately, to see the condition of the house. In Oxford-street we met 
               Burton
             the officer, from his information, and by the description of the man, we went to the Savoy; we found Field there; he had been taken to the office in the morning as a deserter, and was sent to the Savoy. The officer took him in custody. The property was traced to be pawned by him.
Cross-examined by Mr. Walford. You had several workmen in your employ in that house. - A. Yes.
MR. WILLMOTT. I live in Bird-street, Oxford-street. On the 14th of October the prisoner came and pledged a gown for five shillings; I had seen him before.


                  ADAM 
                  CHRISTIAN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, 72, High-street, Mary-le-bone. I believe the prisoner is the person that pledged the things on the 14t hand on the 15th of October; he pledged on the 14th a pelisse and a gown.
Q. Who pledged that pelisse with you. - A. I believe the prisoner; I have no doubt; he pledged the pelisse for eight shillings.
Q. What is it worth. - A. It is worth more money.
Q. I must have the truth, whether your character is at stake or not, what is it worth. - A. I cannot tell what it may be worth, second hand things sell so bad; it is worth a guinea or more; I never looked at it much.
Q. Then look at it, what is it made of. - A. Pretty fine cloth.
Q.Is it not made of ladies' fine cloth. - A. Yes.
Q. Then I shall have the truth at last - upon your oath what is it worth. - A. It may be worth to the owner, perhaps, two guineas; it may be worth more to the owner.
Q. Then how much is it worth. - A. I should make no doubt it cost three guineas.
Q. How much more. - A. It might cost three or four pounds; it has been worn a great deal.
Q. Then how much is it worth now. - A. It might be worth a guinea now, perhaps.
Q. Upon your oath is it not worth two. - A. It may to the wearer; I do not think it would sell for more than a guinea.
Q. Upon your oath am I to understand you to say you think it would not sell for more than a guinea. - A. No, I do not think it would.
Q. Then that is an answer - is it not made of the finest ladies' cloth - A. Yes, but I do not know how wide the cloth runs.
Q. You can tell me, perhaps, how many yards there is in it. - A. No, I cannot.
Q. Do you know how much a yard it is, perhaps you can tell me that - A. I cannot.
Q. So you lend money upon things, the value of which you do not know. - A. The whole of it is this; he only wanted money on this for three or four days; he said it was his sister's; of course I said it would do for eight shillings; I lent him that on it, he had never pawned any thing with me before, to the best of my knowledge; he pawned it in the name of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cook
               



            .
Cross-examined by Mr. Walford. You never saw this man before. - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. You did not particularly examine the pelisse. - A. Not at all.
Q. You did examine it enough to see it was worth eight shillings. - A. Yes.
Q. Suppose your attention had not been called by this circumstance, and you had seen him at any other place, should you have known him. - A. I believe he is the man.
Court. Then, upon your oath, have you any doubt that he is the man. - A. I have no doubt about it; I have very little doubt it.
Q. Do you mean to say whether you have little or no doubt. - A. Such a thing may be, I may be mistaken; it was a young man, a painter; I have no doubt but he is the same; I may be mistaken.
Q. You shall tell me whether you have any doubt or not. - A. I am not perfectly sure.
Q. Did you ever see him afterwards. - A. Yes, the next evening, the 15th.
Q. What conversation passed between you. - A. Very little; only he brought these two shifts; I looked at them a little.
Q. Now look at him again. and tell me whether you have any doubt or not. - A. As I said before, I may be mistaken.
Q. I know you may be mistaken, or you may besomething worse - look at him again, have you a doubt. A. I am almost sure; I may be mistaken, I saw so little of him.
Q. Very likely, but have you a doubt about it. - A. Very little doubt about it; there may be another man like him.
Q. Now look at him again, and tell me whether you have any doubt. - A. I am not perfectly sure that he was the man; I believe he is, but to be quite sure I am not.
Q. You saw him twice. - A. I did,
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the affair. I beg leave to refer you to my late master's certificate of my character if called for, and to assure you that business prevented him from coming in my behalf.




               GUILTY
            , aged 19.
Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Grose.
