





659. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MORRIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of August
, four sheets, value 3l. a counterpane value 38s. two towels, value 2s. and two nigh-caps, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Freeman
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
Second Count. For feloniously stealing two sheets, value 1l. 10s. the property of the said Samuel, in a lodging-room.


                  ANN 
                  PLUMMER
               



             sworn. - I am chamber-maid at the Saracen's Head, Aldgate


, kept by 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Freeman
               



            ; the prisoner came to our house on Thursday morning, the 8th of August; he asked for a bed, and said he was going with the Yarmouth coach; he said he came up in the morning with the Yarmouth stage; he said he was a gentleman's gardener, and that he came up to buy seedsfor his master, after that, he said he was afraid they would not take the weight of the seeds that he had down; he paid me one shilling for the bed, in the bar, some hours before he went to bed; I in him to bed; I went into the room in the morning, and missed four sheets, a counterpane, two towels, and two night-caps, he desired to be called at six o'clock; I went into the room at six, and he was a bed; about twenty minutes after six, I went into the room again, and the prisoner was gone; my mistress demanded five guineas of me for them.
Q. Who provides them? - A. My mistress, and they are all delivered into my care; they have never been found since; we described him to the different inn-keepers; I saw him about a week after, at the White-hart, in the Borough; I knew him again immediately; I was in conversation with him some time, and I am very sure he is the same man; my mistress was with me when I apprehended him, and when he saw me, he put his handkerchief before his face, and blinded his eyes; he had a blue apron on like a gardener, when he came to our house, and there was such an apron found upon him when he was taken.
Prisoner's defence. When I went away, this young woman was in the yard, and I said, good morning to her; I had no bundle nor any thing with me; there was a deal more people slept upon the same gallery that I did.
Plummer. I never saw him after I called him at six o'clock.
GUILTY. (Aged 52.)
Of 


               stealing goods, value 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
