





308. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BERRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th of March
, an umbrella, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bowen
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  BOWEN
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  James 
                  Bowen
               



            .
Q. What shop do you keep. - A. An umbrella shop, No. 3, Little St. Martin's-lane


. I can only speak to the property.


                  MARY 
                  WARDEN
               



            . On the 9th of March the prisoner at the bar opened the shop door, came in, and asked me if I would buy any oranges; I told her no, and bid her be gone. As she went out of the door, she put her hand back and took an umbrella; I got up to go after her, I was not able to follow her, having a child. I called my daughter, and she went in pursuit of her.
Q. (to prosecutrix) You went in pursuit of the prisoner, did you find her. - A. Yes, after some time, in the street.
Q. Did you find the umbrella. - A. Yes, at the pawnbroker's


                  JAMES 
                  BATES
               



            . I live with Mr. Hinckesman, pawnbroker, Broad-street, St. Giles's. I received the umbrella of the prisoner, I lent her five shillings and sixpence on it.
Q. What day. - A. On the 9th of March; it might be about four o'clock in the afternoon.
(The property produced and identified.)

 Prisoner's Defence. I did not go to pawn it myself, I met a woman in the street that pawned it; she asked me to go with her, I went with her, she put it in that gentleman's hands, and she took the ticket, and she asked me to look at the dollar I went home, the young woman followed me; the constable took her at six o'clock; he took me to Bow-street. The lady that swore to me now did not swear to me at Bow-street.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
