





672. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SIMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of August
, one pair of pearl bracelets, value 30s. one pair of diamond bracelets, value 21s. one topaz broach, value 10s. one gold locket, value 10s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Godwin
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .
- ROSS sworn. - I live with Mr. Godwin, No. 304, Holborn


; the shop where this robbery was committed is No. 290: On the 1st of August, about six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came in and enquired for a gold broach; I took the drawer out, and very soon after there came in another man to look at some silver knives; the prisoner said it was no consequence, he was in no hurry, and would wait; my sister being in the shop, I turned round to get the knives; he said they were too dear, and went away; the prisoner also looked at the broaches, made an apology for the trouble, and went away, Mrs. Ross came in a few minutes after, and asked if I had sold any thing out of that drawer; I said I had not; she had some suspicion some things were gone, as she had the setting that drawer out, which raised a suspicion in my mind; I said I would go and look for the man; I went down Holborn, and saw the prisoner talking with the man who came in about the knives, and a third came up to them; I went to the other side of the way and watched them, I sawthem consult together at the corner of Castle-street, and then go down; the prisoner went into the shop of Mr. Carding, a silversmith; I got a neighbour to sent for a constable, and I went in and secured him; he was searched, and the things in the indictment were found on him; they were in the drawer when I shewed it to him; I swear to the things, and they are of more value than they are laid at.


                  JAMES 
                  VAUGHAN
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I took the prisoner into custody, searched him, and found the things produced, some concealed between his pantaloons and his stockings.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.
GUILTY, aged 22.
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Hotham
               



            .
