





317. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  FLETCHER
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of March
, nine fowls, value 20s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Freeman
               




            .
JOHN FREEMAN sworn. - I live at Newington-green


; I lost nine fowls, eight hens and a cock; on Saturday evening, the 19th of March, my man put them up, and on Sunday morning they were missing; I heard of them the same afternoon, a man had been stopped with them; I saw them on Monday morning, about nine or ten o'clock, hanging up in Islington watch-house; they were exactly the same number, eight hens and a cock; I knew them by their wings being all cut by my gardener; I can swear to the cock, he was a very large white cock, and the feathers under his neck were off; I had had him three years; the hens were different colours; I bred them; I have no doubt of their being mine; I found the prisoner in the watch-house in custody.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Your fowls used to fly away over the garden-wall? - A.No, they did not; a great many other people round the country had lost fowls also.
Q. Of the same sort? - A. Yes, for a year and a half, or two years.
Q. Do you mean, notwithstanding that, to swear to these fowls? - A. I can positively swear to the cock particularly.
GEORGE HOWARD sworn. - I am gardener to Mr. Freeman: On Saturday the 19th of March, about six o'clock in the evening, I put up the fowls in a hen-house in the yard; there was a padlock on the door, but it was not locked; there were eight hens and a cock. I heard the dog in the yard make a terrible noise between three and four o'clock in the morning; I sleep in a room adjoining the yard; I did not get up till about six o'clock; I went to the hen-house, and they were all gone; I saw them again in Islington watch-house on the Sunday evening; they were then dead; the cock had no feathers on his breast, and I cut all their wings, because they used to get over into the garden; I had the training of them; some of them were speckled; there was one white one; they had smooth feathers; I can swear they were my master's fowls; I did not see the prisoner till Monday morning, about ten o'clock; he was stopped by the watchman; I never saw him near the house that I know of.
CHARLES DIXON sworn. - I am a patrol of the parish of Islington: On Sunday morning the 20th of March, about half past five o'clock, I was on duty; I saw the prisoner come across the fields with two bags hung across his shoulder; I stopped him, and asked him what he had got there; he said, he had nothing; I put my hand upon the bags, and found there was a fowl, or something of that sort, in it; I asked him where he came from; he told me he came from Southgate, and was going to Mr. Ball's, at Snow-hill; I told him he must go with me to the watch-house, and I took him to the watch-house, with the bags; they contained nine dead fowls; they were quite warm. I saw Mr. Freeman's servant at the watch-house on the Monday morning; he claimed them as Mr. Freeman's fowls.
Prisoner's defence. I picked up the two bags in a ditch; I had not gone above two hundred yards before I was stopped by the patrol.
The prisoner called one witness, who had known him three years, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
