





120. 
               
                  WALTER-KENWICK 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of December
, four silver tea-spoons, value 6s. a silver milk-pot, value 10s. a plated table-spoon, value 1s. a guinea, a seven shilling piece, and 1s. the goods and monies of 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Mason
                     




                  , widow
, in her dwelling-house
            .
ANN MASON sworn. - I am a widow; I keep a house on Saffron-hill


; I keep but one room myself, I let the rest out in lodgings; I went out on the 11th of December, about eleven in the morning; and when I came home, the lodger below said, she wanted to speak to me; I went up stairs, and found the padlock had been unlocked, and I opened the door, and saw my clothes about the room; one of the drawers was broke open; I found I had lost four tea-spoons, a silver milk-pot,a plated table-spoon, a guinea, a seven shilling piece, and some silver, but how much I cannot say; I can speak to one shilling that was in the drawer; I had seen them on the Sunday preceding, this was on the Wednesday; the prisoner had lodged with me thirteen months; when the prisoner came home, I took him up; he asked me how I could suspect him; I said, I had reasons for it; the constable found some money, but no other property about him.


                  ANN 
                  BROMWICH
               



             sworn. - I lodge at Mrs. Mason's, in the lower part of the house: On the 11th of December, about four o'clock, I heard a hustling noise up stairs, in Mrs. Mason's passage, upon the landing-place, up one pair of stairs, which joins Mrs. Mason's room; I heard a noise like the unlocking of a door; I began putting a sheet upon the mangle, and I heard a great noise up stairs, which alarmed me very much; I then heard Mrs. Jones run down stairs as hard as she could run, from Mrs. Mason's passage; she lived up in the two pair of stairs, and asked me if I knew where Mrs. Mason's pale was; I said, no; Mrs. Jones, you know you broke it a day or two ago, then she recollected it; then she asked me several questions, about the price of bread, and other things; I heard a noise, like an attempt to unlock a lock, going all the time that she was in conversation with me; I heard a little girl upon Mrs. Mason's landing-place, say, Mr. Jones, how you frightened me; and he said, did I, Debby; the child said, Mrs. Jones, your husband stands in the passage without his shoes; I am sure he must have heard her say that; she said, I clapped my hand upon his foot, and I thought it was little pussey; there was a little white cat used to run about the house; I am sure it was the prisoner's voice; I did not make an alarm because I was alone by myself.
ANN CARPENTER called. - Q. How old are you? - A.Eleven.
Q. Have you learned your catechism? - A. Not all of it.
Q.What becomes of persons who do not tell the truth, after they depart this life? - A. They will go to the wicked man.
Q.Who do you mean by the wicked man? - A. The devil. (She is sworn.)
Q. Do you know any thing about this robbery? - A. No; I can speak to a shilling that my godmother, Mrs. Mason, lost; she and I were comparing it, with another, some time ago, that I had in my pocket; the head of the shilling was close to the edge.
Q. What King's head was upon it? - A. Queen Anne, and it was not round; the edges were plain.
Mrs. Mason. The last witness and I were looking at the shilling, and comparing it with one of her own, for, I dare say, ten minutes; her's was a Queen Anne's shilling, and she was comparing it with mine, and saying it was a much finer one than mine, because mine was so much worn.
WILLIAM CHAPMAN sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Hatton-garden: I apprehended the prisoner on the night of the 11th of December; a little after twelve o'clock at night I was called up; he came home about two; I searched him, and found some money about him; (the gold the Magistrate ordered me to return to him.) (Produces it.)
Mrs. Mason. This Queen Anne's shilling, I am very certain, is mine.
Carpenter. This is the same Queen Anne's shilling; it is not round, and the head is very close to the edge; this is the shilling that I had, and compared with my godmother's; (Producing it; they are both shewn to the Jury. The prisoner produced four Queen Anne's shillings for the Jury to compare with them.)
Court. (To Carpenter.) Q. Look at these six shillings, and see which of them is your godmother's? - A. This is it. (Pointing to it.)
Court. She has certainly picked out the right one.
Court. (To Mason.) Q.Look at these six shillings, and pick out your own? - A.This is it.
Court. She has picked out the same shilling; I put a mark upon it by which I could know it.
Prisoner's defence. It depends entirely upon that shilling; you gentlemen are in the habit of trade, of receiving money every day; and you will be able to judge whether she can swear to it or not.




               GUILTY
             (Aged 29.)
Of stealing goods, to the value of 39s.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
