





724. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RICHARDSON
                  



               
             was indicted for that 


               he being employed as a sorter of letters at the General Post Office
, on the 5th of August
 feloniously, knowingly, and wilfully did secrete a certain letter brought to the General Post Office, to be sent from thence by the post to Godstone in the county of Surry to 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hatsell
                        




                     
                  , esq
. containing ten bank post bills value 10 l. each, his property
            , and several other counts for like offence only varying the manner of charging them.
The indictment was read by Mr. Roe and the case was stated by Mr. Solicitor general.


                  THOMAS 
                  LAW
               



            . Q. Are you clerk at the banking-house of Messrs. Hoare, Fleet street - A. I am.
Q. what are the names of the gentleman that compose that house - 
               A. Henry Hoare
            , 
               
                  Henry 
                  Hugh Hoare
               



            , 
               
                  Charles 
                  Hoare
               



             and 
               
                  Henry 
                  Merrick Hoare
               



            .
Q. Had your house any occasion on the 5th of August last to send to Mr. Hatsell any money - A. They had, they sent 100 l in bank post bills.
Q. Did you obtain the bank post bills - A. No, I entered the notes from 3874 up to 3884 each of the 5th of August payable to 
               
                  John 
                  Hatsell
               



            , esq. or his order Mr. Chapman made up the other order.
Q. Did you deliver these bank post bills to him - A. I rather think I left them before him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHAPMAN Q
               



            . You are a clerk with Messrs Hoare I believe - A. I am, I was in their house on the 5th of August last.
Q. Do you recollect sending any letter or any bill to a person of the name of Mr. Hatsell - A. I did I enclosed 100 l. in bank post bills in a letter addressed to John Hatsell, esq. Godstone, Surry.
Q. How many in number and what value the number were. - A. Ten of the value of 100 l. altogether.
Court. Ten of 10 l. each. - A. I took that letter when they were so enclosed to the receiving house in the Temple, Middle Temple Lane, very near five o'clock.
Q. Do you know to whom those notes were made payable - A. To 
               
                  John 
                  Hatsell
               



            , Esq.


                  JOHN 
                  ABRAHAM
               



            . Q. You keep the receiving house in Middle Temple Lane - A. I do, I did so on the 5th of August last. The letters that were put in that day were forwarded to the general post-office at 5 o'clock, in the usual and regular way.


                  JOHN 
                  HATSELL
               



            , ESQ. Q. We understand this letter was addressed to you, did you receive this letter - A. No.
Q. You would have received on the 5th of August at night - A. I should, I did not receive it on that evening, nor on the next morning.


                  THOMAS 
                  HUMPHRIES
               



            . Q. Are you the messenger belonging to the post office - A. Yes.
Q. Did you on the 5th of August receive the bag of letters from Mr. Abraham's receiving house, Temple Lane - A. Yes, I received it, and took it to the General Post Office


, tied and sealed, I delivered it the same as I received it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY AUSTIN
               



            . Q. I believe you were on duty at the general post office on the fifth of August - A. I was.
Q. Did you on that evening make up the bag for Godstone - A. I did in the same manner as I usually do.
Mr. Gurney. That is to say whatever letters were brought you, you made up - A. Yes.
Q. What letters and what number were brought you you do not know only, that you made up a bag for Godstone - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  COLES
               



            . Q. You are postmaster of Godstone - A. Yes.
Q. Did the bag arrive duly and in proper time on the 5th of August - A. Yes, the letters for Mr. Hatsell were forwarded regularly for him.


                  JOHN 
                  AUSTIN
               



            . I am the president of the inland office.
Q. The prisoner was employed on the evening of the 5th of August in sorting of letters - A. He was.

Q. Of course all the letters that were issuing that night going to Godstone or elsewhere, he would be one of the persons employed - A. Yes.
Mr. Gurney. He would be one of how many - A. Sixteen.
Q. The letters are brought in by the various messengers, and they are received by porters or messengers - A. Yes.
Q. The bag is examined to see if it is perfect, the seal is broken and the contents, I presume, are poured out on a table - A. Yes.
Q. They then have to go through the operation of facing, stamping and sorting - A. Yes.
Q. How many persons were there employed as facers, stampers, and sorters that night - A. Between sixty and seventy altogether in the office.
Q. We have just now heard that there are a great many divisions, there must be a great many tables, for the clerks to be employed - A. Yes.
Q. They must be divided and subdivided - A. Yes.
Q. How many thousand letters go out of a night - A. Between twenty and thirty thousand on an average, sometimes it exceeds thirty thousand.
Q. How many mistakes might happen - A. We have very few indeed, sometimes not half a dozen; when a letter is mis-sent it is returned to the office, and then it is sent the next day, the bags are all sealed that belong to the different offices.


                  ANN 
                  OWEN
               



            . I live at No 13, Sea-coal lane.
Q. Did the prisoner at any time lodge in your house - A. Yes, he took the lodgings and came there to his meals, I suppose about eight months. A person came with him as his wife. We had a reference from him to the post office.
Q. Can you recollect when he went away from the lodgings - A. About two months.
Q. Do you recollect him coming to you on the 5th of August - A. I cannot recollect the day, it was on a Saturday in the early part of August, he then wished to have a lodging for his wife, he came again on the Tuesday, he asked me how I did, he said you will excuse Mrs. Richardson calling upon you, she has not had time.
Q. How soon after was any enquiry made at your house respecting a note - A. I believe it was the next week, I cannot recollect. I have seen the person since that passed for his wife at Bow-street, but not to speak to her.
Mr. Myers. Bring in 
               
                  Mary 
                  Canning
               



            .
Q. Can you tell me whether that is the person that lodged at your house - A. Yes.
Q. Have you any doubt about it - A. No.


                  MARGARET 
                  AGER
               



            . Q. You know the prisoner at the bar - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know the other person also who is sitting - A. She goes by the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Canning
               



            . I saw them both at my house on Sunday the 6th of August, in Kent-street, in the Borough. I have seen her since at Bow-street.
JOHN MOORE. Q. You are a shoemaker, I believe - A. Yes, I lodge at Mrs. Owen's house, Seacoal-lane.
Q. Were you lodging there on the 9th of August last - A. I was.
Q. Some enquiry was made respecting a ten pound bank note, was not there - A. As to the day I cannot perfectly recollect; a lady of the name of Brown and a gentleman came; they were talking to Mr. and Mrs. Owen.
Q. You went to the prisoner that evening - A. Yes, to the Post-office, between six and seven o'clock, it was on a Wednesday in the early part of August, I saw the note in agitation. I went to the prisoner at the Post office, it was near eight o'clock when I found the prisoner, he came to the door, I believe the bag was for the last mail, I told him I wanted to speak to him, he said he would be with me in a few minutes, I told him I had business of rather an unpleasant nature from Mr. and Mrs. Owen, that a lady and gentleman were there, with a ten pound post bill; that the lady and gentleman gave the description of the gentlewoman that passed the note to be Mrs. Richardson that had lodged in the house, the said 
               
                  Mary 
                  Canning
               



            .
Q. The woman that you mean is that 
               
                  Mary 
                  Canning
               



             - A. Yes, who passed for Mrs. Richardson. I told Mr. Richardson that they identified her to be Mrs. Richardson, and had indorsed the note in Mrs. Owen's name, and that she was very much displeased. I told him if he came to Mr. Owen, he would inform him the particulars, he said he would go to the Swan public house, Snow-hill. I proposed to go to the Brown Bear, opposite of Mrs. Owen's, as being more private; we went to the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



             into the parlour, he told me to call for a pint of beer, I said shall I call for Mrs. Owen, he said no, he would not stop there, he would go to the Swan. Before we got to the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



            , he said he would give me ten pound to take up the bill, I asked him if he would see the gentleman, he said no; I told him it would get me in a hobble if he would not see the gentleman; we did not stop a minute at the Brown Bear, he proposed to go to the Swan, I was to go to Mr. Owen for him to bring the particulars, and to tell him that he was at the Swan. Mr. Richardson went with me to the Swan, I went to Mr. Owen's, and returned to the Swan.
Q. Did you see Richardson at the Swan - A. I did not.
Q. When they lodged there did you ever know the prisoner to sleep there - A. Never to my knowledge.
Q. What interval of time had elapsed when you left him at this public house, and when you saw him at Bow street - A. I do not know.
Q. How soon after was he advertised after he quitted the public house - A. I cannot say, this happened on the Wednesday afternoon, and some gentlemen of the post office came to Mr. Owen's when the business came to light on Thursday or Friday.
Mr. Gurney. You conveyed to him that there was some enquiry about some note that his wife had uttered - A. Yes.
Q. And then he exclaimed that he would give you ten pound, and take it up - A. Yes, he wanted me to go.
Court. Had you told him it was a ten pound bill - A. Yes.


                  GEORGE 
                  READ
               



            . Q. What situation are you in at the Post-office - A. I am a clerk in the Post-office.
Q. Do you know the hand-writing of the prisoner, have you seen him write - A. Yes.

Q. Be so good as to tell me whether that is his hand-writing - A. Yes, it is.
[The letter read.]
Dear Sir, I have been taken ill in the course of the night, I am obliged to stop from my duty; please to have the goodness to provide for the same.


                  Thomas 
                  Richardson
               



            .
No post mark on it, directed to the president at the Post-office.
Q. to Mr. Read. Did you know the prisoner at the bar some time before this - A. Yes, I knew him ever since he has been in the office.
Q. Do you know of any thing particular in his mouth - A. Yes he had lost part of a tooth in the front and the part left was quite black.
Q. Did you see him just before he went away - A. I saw him on the night before.
Q. Did you observe any difference then to what you had seen before about his countenance or mouth - A. No none at all; I have known that deficiency for about nine or ten years before.
Q. Was he there on the morning of the 10th of August - A. No, he has not attended his duty afterwards.
Mr. Gurney. You do not mean to say that you looked at his mouth every time you saw him - A. No.
Q. Therefore whether he had it altered for the last two or three days, you cannot say - A. No.
MR. PARKIN. Q. I believe you prove the advertisement of this man in consequence of his not appearing at the office - A. On the 11th of August I drew up an advertisement describing him; this is the advertisement that I drew up; I described him as a person that had lost a tooth in the centre of his upper jaw, part of which remains, and is quite black.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I live at Hessenden in Hertfordshire.
Q. How far from Hatfield - A. Three miles.
Q. Are you a married man - A. Yes.
Q. Has your wife a sister - A. Yes, her name is 
               
                  Mary 
                  Canning
               



            .
Q. Did she come down to your house last summer to stay there - A. Yes, in hay-time, the prisoner came to see her.
Q. From your house she went to London, in August it was on a Saturday you know - A. Yes, I do not know the day of the month, on the Tuesday following she came back again.
Q. How did she come from Hatfield to your house when she returned - A. Walked, I fetched her trunk.
Q. Then she staid at your house - A. Yes.
Q. How soon did Richardson come down there again - A. On Thursday morning about two o'clock when I was in bed; he went away about ten in the day I went with him, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Canning
               



             and he went in a cart to Hertford.
Q. Who desired you to get the cart - A. My wife came to me when I was at work I took the two trunks, with me.
Q. Have you ever seen those trunks again - A. I cannot say, I cannot swear to any trunk.
Q. Did Richardson tell you the reason that he went away - A. He told us that his mother was dead, and that he was going a journey of an hundred miles. I left him at Hertford, the prisoner and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Canning
               



             went away from Hertford in a post chaise, they talked of going to Waltham and through London.


                  MICHAEL 
                  BARNES
               



            . Q. You are brother in law to the prisoner - A. Yes, I live at Hessenden in Sussex. On Friday, I believe, the 16th of August the prisoner came to my house to see his sister and me, I asked if he had got any body with him, he said his wife's sister, I went with him to the public house to see her, I have never seen her since till now, they both went home with me, my wife made them some tea, they had two trunks with them, he slept at my house along with my boy, and she at the public house that night.
Q. Did he ask you to get him change for any note the next day - A. He asked me whether I could give him cash for two five pound notes. He wanted to know how I could convey him to Dover; I told him I did not know of any conveyance then, I saw a man in the evening going to Dover with fish, I asked him if he could take a friend of mine, I did not hire the conveyance for him, they went in a boat from my house to Dover to the best of my knowledge.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  THOMAS
               



            . Q. You are shopman to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Philpot
               



            , linen draper, Holborn, I believe - A. Yes.
Q. On the 7th of August do you recollect any person purchasing any thing at your shop - A. The woman that is sitting behind the prisoner between ten and eleven o'clock, she bought six silk hankerchiefs she gave a 10 l. bank post bill, No 3877, 5th of August, 1809, this is the note.
Q. Has this been in your possession ever since - A. No, it was not in my possession one minute; I gave it the maid to take up to my mistress, for the purpose of it being changed; I saw it again in the afternoon of the same day, I took notice of the number and date so as to know it again.


                  JULIA 
                  ROWLING
               



            . Q. Did you live at Mr. Philpot's on the 7th of August last - A. Yes.
Q. Do you recollect Mr. Thomas giving you a note to take up to your mistress - A. Yes, I took it up, she told me to go and get cash for it, I went to Mr. Starkes, the opposite neighbour, got change for the note and brought it over.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STARKES
               



            . Q. Do you recollect on 7th of August giving change for a bank post bill to the last witness - A. I believe I did, there is my hand writing on the note, this is the note.


                  ELIZ 
                  ABETH BROWN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Brown
               



            , he is a hosier, 92, Whitechapel.
Q. You have seen the person of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Canning
               



             who is now in court - A. Yes.
Q. Have you ever seen her before - A. Yes, on the 7th of August.
Q. On the 7th of August did she buy any thing of you - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember in what manner she paid for the articles she bought of you - A. In a bank post bill; I gave her change for the bank post bill, I wrote the name on the note that she gave me. Mrs. Owen, No. 30, Sea coal lane, Fleet market, I asked her towrite it, she said she could not write if I could write it she would give it me; on the 9th of August, I called in Sea-coal lane, according to the direction which she gave me.


                  JOHN 
                  PERKS
               



            . I am an officer, I brought the prisoner from Dover to London.
Q. Did you see the packages - A. Yes, I took from the man prisoner, three handkerchiefs, and from the woman one, Richardson had one round his neck, they were all three at times on Richardson's person.
Q. (to Thomas). Look at these handkerchiefs - A. These are of the same pattern of them I sold, there is our private mark on three of them.
Mr. Fitzpatrick. Q. Prisoner, do you wish to withdraw your plea of not guilty, and confess yourself guilty of the larceny. - A. Yes.




               Not guilty of stealing the notes, but of having them in his possession
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Mr. Fitzpatrick. The prisoner stands charged with five other indictments, to which he has pleaded not guilty. Is he guilty of them or not.
NOT GUILTY.
London Jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
