





54. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WAIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of November
, ten muslin handkerchiefs, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Curtis
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  CURTIS
               



             sworn. - Q. On the 12th of November, did you lose any muslin neck-handkerchiefs? - A. I lost ten, they were taken from a hedge; the girl had washed them and I put them out to dry; I lived with Mrs. Maddox at Shepherd's-bush, they were hung out on Monday.
Q. When did you see or hear of them again? - A. I believe it was a fortnight afterwards; I saw them at Bow-street, I was sent for.
Q. When you saw them at Bow-street, did you know them to be your's? - A. Yes.
Q. Who does the house belong to? - A. Mr. Middlemas, Mrs. Maddox lodges there; I know the prisoner, he was employed in Mr. Middlemas's garden, it is a large garden.
Q. He was a workman at the time your mistress and you lodged there? - A. Yes.
ELIZABETH TOBEY sworn. - Q. Where do you live? - A. I keep the Little King's-arms public-house, at Brentford.
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A. Yes; he came in and asked for a bed, and slept at our house two or three nights; he left a bundle with wet linen in it, and there was a shirt not finished washing.
Q. You had the curiosity to open the bundle when he was absent? - A. Yes.
Q. There were these ten neck-handkerchiefs, and a shirt? - A. Yes.
Q. In consequence of this, you gave information against him? - A. I told the constable of it, the constable took him on the 15th.
Q. Was he taken at your house? - A. No; he was just gone when I told the constable.
Q. Had he taken the bundle away from your house? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know where he worked? - A. He worked two or three miles away from my house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SIMS
               



             sworn. - Q. You are a constable of Brentford? - A. Yes.
Q. In consequence of any information that Mrs. Tobey gave you, did you go after the prisoner? - A. I did; I found him at the Six Bells, on Thursday the 15th of November, in the afternoon; he had a large bundle with him, there were fifteen handkerchiefs altogether, ten of them were muslin handkerchiefs.
Q. Were they wet at the time? - A. No; I told him that I suspected that he had got that with him that was not his own; he told me no, they were his sister's, and she lived at Hampton-wick; I took him to the office, the Justice's clerk and Mr. Julian examined him; the next morning, as the coach was coming to the door to take him to Bow-street, he burst out a crying, and asked me to let him go to Mr. Julian; I took him there, at his request, he burst out again crying, and he said, he had taken them off his master's hedge, and he hoped Mr. Julian would interfere and get him on board a man of war; when we came to Bow-street, the young woman swore to them.
Q.(To Prosecutrix.) Look at that bundle, and tell us whether you find the ten neck-handkerchiefs? - A. Yes; they are all mine.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
