





293. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     COLEMAN
                  



               
             was indicted 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Parkinson
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of four, on the 6th of March
, and feloniously stealing therein, a plated tea-pot and stand, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Parkinson
               



            .


                  THOMAS 
                  PARKINSON
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 20, Montague-street, Bloomsbury


: On the 6th of last March I was returning home, between the hours of four and five in the afternoon, I observed the prisoner and another man, within a few yards of the iron railing that leads to the area; they waited till I came within a few yards of them, and I saw the prisoner go down the area steps, and let himself into the door; as I was entering on the steps of the street door myself, when I was knocking at the door he returned, and stared me in the face, by which means I could plainly see he had something like plate; immediately he came up he walked off; I desired the servant to pursue the man; he did, and overtook him; a person brought the tea-pot to me; I knew it to be mine; the tea-pot and stand cost me near five pounds; they are both plated and silver edged; the prisoner was brought back, and I took him to Bow-street: he said he would go either for a soldier or a sailor, which ever I chose.


                  BARNABAS 
                  BRIGHT
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Parkinson
               



            , I was down below when my master knocked at the door, at the back of the house.
Q. Was the door that opens into the area open or shut, when your master knocked at the door? - A. Shut; I had seen it three or four minutes before; I had seen the tea-pot and stand at one o'clock, because I had cleaned it; I can swear to it being there in the pantry, on a shelf with some china; I heard the area door open and shut, which gave me immediate alarm, and coming alongthe passage, I heard Mr. Parkinson knock, and not knowing what it was, I went up to open the door to Mr. Parkinson.
Q. Do you know whether any of the servants opened the area door? - A. There were none of the servants below but the cook, and she was along with me; the pantry door was-not shut. I pursued the prisoner; he was stopped at the bottom of Vine-street, he dropped the property in Duke-street; when Watts stopped him, he said, he hoped I should not take him into custody.


                  JOHN 
                  WATTS
               



             sworn. - I am a post boy, at the George, in Drury-lane: on Wednesday, the 6th of March, I was watering my horses in St. Giles's, near the end of Vine-street; I heard the cry of, stop thief; I turned my head up Vine-street, and there I saw the prisoner; I stopped him.


                  JOHN 
                  EDGE
               



             sworn. - I am a back and bat maker: On the 6th of March I was in Duke-street, Bloomsbury; I saw the prisoner running and Mr. Parkinson's servant was crying out, stop thief; I saw him throw the tea-pot out of his apron; I followed him till he was secured.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DOVER
               



             sworn. - I live in Queen-street Bloomsbury; I was pursuing the prisoner; he dropped the tea-pot and stand in Duke-street, and I picked them up. (The property produced and identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I lived in the Duke of Northumberland's family for two years; his coachman was here in the morning. I am very sorry the two witnesses have sworn falsely against me.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing to the value of 39 s.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
