





794. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     VICK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of August
, seven printed books, value 5l.
             the property of the Rev. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Vincent
                  




               
            , doctor of divinity, and dean of the collegiate church of St. Peter, Westminster
.
Second Count. Charging them to be the property of the Rev. 
               
                  William 
                  Vincent
               



            .(The case was opened by Mr. Const.)
The Rev. 
               THOMAS-WATSON WARD
             sworn. - I know Mr. Mansell, a cheesemonger, in Charles-street, Westminster: In September last, I was in his shop, and saw several books on the counter, amongst them a Bible; I examined it, and found a very curious edition, not according to the one we use in the church; it was printed according to Mr. Reeves's from of the Bible; I did not look much at it, as I had not time to examine it; I saw also, Apion, a Greek book, the covers were all off; it was perfect, and a very good edition; there was a plate also, but rather damaged; Testaments in various languages, one in the Malay language, with a Dutch preface, which, not understanding the language I rejected, there was a Thucidides, in fragments, there were seven altogether, and the Malay Testament, which had Dr. Busby's name in it; Mr. Mansell gave them to me, but a suspicion arose in my mind, and I sent them to Mr. Ginger's to be bound, he serves Westminster school, Welch was his servant, and was sometimes employed by the master of the school to put the library to rights; Dr. Vincent was then master, but is now dean; the books were then in his possession, as master; after the books were sent to be bound, on Saturday, we went again to Masell's, and found another book, Gage's Survey of the West-Indies, which had marks on it, that Welch immediately swore to.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WELCH
               



             sworn. - I was employed by Dr. Vincent to take a catalogue of the books in the Museum, Westminster School


, and having seen the books, I knew them to be part of that library; On Thursday, the 16th of September, about eight o'clock, six books were sent to Mr. Ginger's, with whom I live, a bookseller, in College-street, Westminster, from the Rev. Mr. Ward, to be rebound; I took particular notice of the Plato, but did not look further into the books till Saturday morning, when I took up the Testament, and seeing it was the gift of Dr. Busby, I recollected it belonged to the library when I took the catalogue; I examined the others, and found they all belonged to the library, upon which I went to the Rev. Mr. Ward, and acquainted him with my suspicions; we went to Mr. Mansell's, and saw a book with a private mark, which was Gale's Survey of the West Indies, and several fragments of Greek, Latin, Arabic, and other valuable books; the books are here, (the books produced and identified); I know the prisoner, his wife cleans the school out, and he assists at times, by which means he had access to this room.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Is it not the school-room? - A. No.
Q. Who inhabits the house in which the books are kept? - A. There is no inhabitant.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MANSELL
               



             sworn. - I am a cheesemonger, King-street, Westminster, and know the prisoner; In the beginning of September, he came to my shop, and bought some trifling articles; when he had paid for them, he said he was clearing out an old library, and that he should have a parcel of waste paper to sell, and said he had been informed we purchased such things; next morning he brought as parcel of paper in books, which I bought; he came again about the 9th or 10th of September, with another parcel of paper and books in a green baize cloth, which were afterwards examined by Mr. Welch and Mr. Ward; I bought them, and paid him; this is Gage's Survey, which he brought amongst the rest.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You buy a great deal of waste paper? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you mean to say you are certain this is part of the parcel he brought? - A. Yes; those six books I swear to.


                  JAMES 
                  BLY
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, and have had the books ever since.
Prisoner's defence. Some time in September I was sweeping the School, and found them laying about; I inadvertently took them, as I could not read, and thought they were waste paper; I am sorry I took them away, without the knowledge of any person.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
