





200. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WATKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of January
, four pigs, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Bettel
                  




               
            .
ROBERT BETTEL. I live at Hendon


, I am a labouring man
. Last January the 26th, I had four pigs, in a little place that I made myself, what they call a stye, but not a proper stye; I saw them a little past three o'clock, when I left home.
Q. In that stye that you made for them. - A. Yes, I left home to bring some sheep from a field at Mill-hill, for 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Harris
               



             to take to market; when I came to Hendon with them I called 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Harris
               



             up, and while I was waiting for the drover, this man came on the road driving my pigs; it was near half past four then; I asked him where he was going with the pigs, he did not make me any answer; I said they were my pigs; then he said he was taking them to the pound; I asked him what was the reason that he did not leave them as he came past the pound.
Q. He had come past the pound had he. - A. Yes, he said he was quite a stranger to the place, and he thought the pound had been further on. I asked him what he did with such a nice little whip to drive pigs with; he said that he found it on the road, coming from Baldock on Sunday. Then Mr. Harris and I took him in custody, and we called up Mr. Cooper the constable at Hendon, and gave him charge of him; he secured him in the cage.
Q. Are you sure that the pigs were your pigs. - A. Yes, they were at Mr. Cooper's that day, and the next I took them home on the Tuesday evening; I saw them at home when I left home this morning. The prisoner said he was quite a stranger to the place at day light; I found he was very well known, so far as being thereabouts in the summer.
Prisoner. The prosecutor knew me before. - A. I never saw him before to my knowledge, more than that he said he was a stranger to the place.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRIS
               



            . Q. Was you with the last witness on the 26th of January. - A. Yes, he called me up about four o'clock, he brought a few sheep; he asked me if I would let them come along with mine to Smithfield market as I was a coming down there; I got up and struck a light and came down to him.
Q. Did you see any person driving pigs. - A. Yes, I went to Bettel, he was out side my gates, waiting for the drover; we saw a man coming in the road, that was a little before five, apparently driving of something; it was a moonlight morning; we had the curiosity to o to meet him in the road, to see what he had got; when we got to him, Bettel said to the prisoner where are you going with them pigs, these are my pigs, I looked at the pigs; I knew them; I directly whipped up to the prisoner at the bar, and took him by the collar.
Q. You knew the pigs. - A. I knew the pigs, they went home with some sheep of mine after he bought them. When I laid hold of the prisoner he seemed to be confused; he did not speak for a minute; then he said he found these pigs in the road, and he was going to take them to the pound; I said you have come by the pound; I said to Bettel you had better go and call 
               Cooper
             the constable to come and secure him. While Bettel was calling the constable, the prisoner at the bar says to me, as soon as Bettel was come back, you are two poor men; and I am a poor man, I have half a guinea; I will give you that to let me go; we delivered him to the constable.
Prisoner. Q.(to prosecutor) Did not you ask me where I was going with the pigs; you said they are my pigs, I said take them, I said they are not mine. - A, You said they were not your own, you were driving them on the road, about a mile and a half from my house.
COOPER. I am a constable, I was called up about half past four, and the prisoner at the bar was delivered into my charge; I put him into my yard till the next day Monday morning; then I conveyed him to Hatton Garden office; he begged that we would not hurt him; he did not mind what he gave.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been very bad, and I had been down in the country a good bit, for three quarters of a year. I was coming out of the country; I came as far as Barnet, that was Sunday night; I stopped there to refresh myself; I wanted to get to town; I had a few shillings to take of one man there; a poor man came in and had not got money to pay for a pot of beer, he had got a whip, I bought the whip of him; I did not know where he had left it, a man says the whip is in my house; I went and fetched it, I took it with me as a walking stick, I set down in Mill hill, with that I came to that man's house; I met a man and a dog, he wished me good morning; and I wished him good morning; when I came a good distance on the road, I saw four pigs, I went back to this gentleman's house; I was in hopes of getting something to drink; I went to the door, I did not lift up the latch, I did not see any body; I drove the pigs along seeing nobody; I tried to put them in a farm yard, I was very well known in that neighbourhood; I could not get in; the gate was locked. Then I tried another farm yard; I shut them in there, and I set down in the rick yard, being poorly; and when I came out of the rick yard, two of these pigs went out of the yard; then I let the other two out; I knew there were some pens at the watchhouse. I drove them a little way on, I saw two men stand in the road, I was in hopes they were watchmen, the pigs were at a distance from me; I heard the owner say, they are my pigs; when I came up the man said, where are you going with these pigs; says I; I am going to put them in the pound; I called that the same as the pound; he says they are my pigs, I says then if they be your pigs, take them; I knew they are not mine. I told them I always thought there were watchmen here: if I had stolen the pigs, I could have turned down two roads, a mile and a half from there; I had no thought of doing such a thing; I have done my best to take care of the pigs for the owner; I says I am a poor man, and you are a poor man, I do not wish to take any thing from any body; I have one half guinea in my pocket, I will sooner give you the half guinea, than be put in this place, and I will give you my address where I live.



               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Sutton.
