





60. 
               
                  
                     CHRISTOPHER 
                     FORESHAW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of October
, fourteen pounds weight of sheet copper, value 12s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Perry
               




            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  THOMAS 
                  DALTON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowleys. Q. I believe you are a person employed by Messrs. Perry in their dock-yard? - A. Yes.
Q. Was the prisoner at the bar at this time in your service? - A. Yes.
Q. How long had he to serve? - A. According to his indentures, he was out of his time last May, but having a few words, he left me, and in consequence of which, he was serving his lost time; he was employed in the dock-yard of Messrs. Perry; on the 31st of October last, we had docked a ship in the afternoon; I am a corker, I ordered him, with the rest of the servants, to be down by six o'clock, for the purpose of shutting the gates upon the ship in the dock; on going from my own house to the yard, I sat down at the yard gate, and between six and seven in the evening, I saw a person come out with a great coat, trailing upon the ground, and I told the watchman to stop him; the watchman told me it was my own servant; on the watchman saying that, I called him by name, three times, he did not answer me; he attempted to run. I immediately ran after him, and took him with the copper wrapped in the inside of the coat.
Q. What kind of copper was it? - A. Sheet copper, such as is used for sheething the ships; I brought it back to the watch-house, at the yard gate; I charged him with the coat being another person's, in the yard, he positively denied it.
Court. Q. What did he say about the copper? - A. He told me he had taken it from the Albion's dock, an East-India ship. (The copper produced.)
Witness. That is the sheet I took from him.


                  JOHN 
                  GILBERT
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to Messrs. Perry, their firm is John Perry, senior, and 
               
                  John 
                  Perry
               



            , younger.
Q. Had you such a ship as the Albion under repair, at your docks? - A. Yes; I delivered out thirty-one sheets, one of them was missing, and another was obliged to be put in it's place.
Q. Look at that copper, and tell me whether it is that kind of copper used in sheathing ships? - A. Yes; it is what we call eight and twenty ounce; a thinner sort is sixteen ounce; that is five foot by twenty, and this is four foot two.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21. - 


               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
