






879. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOWARD
                  





               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ASH
                  





               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of October
, a pair of shoes, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Griffiths
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. - I was not at home at the time of the loss.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. - I am the son of James Griffiths, shoemaker
, No. 1, Great Wild-street


: On Wednesday, about half past seven in the evening, my sister was with me in the shop; the two prisoners came in and asked for a pair of shoe-strings, they had a pair for a halfpenny, and gave me sixpence; I sent my sister out for change; then John Ash, the little one, said,"you want a pair of strong shoes too, don't you?" There was a pair close by; the big one, Howard, and he, looked at them; then my sister came in with the change, which I gave to John Howard; and he,looked at them; then my sister came in with the change, which I gave to John Howard; be found fault with the halfpence, which I changed, and then they asked me to let them look at another pair of shoes that stood further off; he asked th price of them; I told him 6s. he then asked the price of the pair he took up first; I told him 6s. 6d. he then said, "here is a good black eye for you; "he struck me on the breast, and knocked me down; then they both ran away.
Q. ARE you sure these are the men? - A. Yes.
Q. How soon after were they taken? - A. About a couple of hours after, in Dyot-street.


                  JANE 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             called. - I am eleven years old.
Q. Can you say your catechism? - A. Yes.
Q. Is it a good or a bad thing to tell a lye? - A. A bad thing.
Q. Do you know what will become of people that tell lies? - A. Go into hell flames; (sworn;) the two prisoners came into the shop, about half past seven o'clock in the evening, my brother and me were in the shop, they asked for a pair of shoestrings, and my brother sent me out to get change for sixpence; when I came back with the change,they asked the price of a pair of shoes, and then the big one said, here is a good black eye for you, and hit himin the breast; he knocked him down, and then ran away with the shoes.
Q. Look at these men? - A. They are the same men that came into the shop.


                  JAMES 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             called again. - I was fetched home from the Theatre, I went in search of the prisoners for a considerable time, at last I met the two prisoners, and my boy said, father, these are the men; I seized them both, one in each hand; I found I could not hold them both, I let the little one go, and then he struck me several times over the big one's arm, and they both got away; I cried stop thief, and they were both taken; I saw the big one throw the shoes away, under a gate-way, but they have not been found.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLACKMAN
               



             sworn. - I am an officer, I searched one of them, and found two handkerchiefs tied round his thighs.
Howard, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.
Ash, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 16.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
