





529. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     ISAACS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of June
, a silver watchvalue 40s. and a handkerchief, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Edeyman
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  EDEYMAN
               



             sworn. - I was coming through Stepney-fair


, in the crowd -
Q. When was it? - A. On a Tuesday, about five o'clock in the afternoon; I selt somebody touching the slap of my trowsers; I put my hand down directly, and missed my watch; I went back about a couple of yards, and said, I had lost my watch; a Mr. Parker then pointed out the prisoner to me, and a little while after I picked up the outside case of the watch, and then the watch.
Q. Were they near together? - A. I suppose they might be about half a yard from one another.
Q. What did you do with them? - A. I gave them to the constable, when I gave the man in charge.
Q. Had you seen the man about you before? - A. No; I cannot say I did.
Q. Did you lose any thing else? - A. Yes; I lost my handkerchief from my jacket pocket; my handkerchief was found upon the prisoner.
Q. What was your handkerchief worth? - A. One shilling.
- PARKER sworn. - I am a butcher in Newport-market; I was at Stepney-fair, and saw the prisoner there; I heard the sailor say he had lost his watch; I looked round, and saw the prisoner with the slap of his breeches down; I saw him deliver the watch to a boy, and the case dropped from him; I brought the boy back to where the sailor was, and he dropped the watch.
Q. Are you positive as to the person of the prisoner? - A. Yes; I pointed him out to the sailor, and he had him apprehended.


                  JOHN 
                  NOWLAN
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Lambeth-street; I searched the prisoner; he said, you have no occasion to search me, I have nothing about me; I searched in his breeches, and found this handkerchief. (Producing it.)
Edeyman. I believe this handkerchief to be mine; there is no mark upon it; I lost such a one; I had the fellow to it. (Produces it.)


                  THOMAS 
                  CRIDMOUTH
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, (produces the watch;) I received it from the prosecutor.
Edeyman. I know my watch by the No. 10287.
Prisoner's defence. There were a parcel of chaps running, and some of them dropped the watch, and they laid hold of me. GUILTY, aged 30.
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
