







306. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  EVANS
               




            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BELLMAM
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PRICE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of February
, four planes, value 10s. a stock-bit, value 8s. achissel, value 1s. a plow iron, value 6d. a gauge, value 2d. and a square, value 1s. the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Gee
                     



                  ; a hand-saw, value 2s. five planes, value 12s. a pair of pincers, value 4d. and three chissels, value 3s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Barnes
                        



                     
                  ; three planes, value 9s. and two saws, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Penn
                  



               
            .
WILLIAM GEE sworn. - I am a carpenter


, I was at work, at Bedford-place-buildings


, a new street, leading from Bloomsbury to Russel-square; David Barnes and 
               
                  John 
                  Penn
               



            , were at work in the same buildings: On the 31st of January, at night, we left our tools all safe, in the building; on Tuesday morning, we came about twenty minutes before seven; we perceived some person had been in the building, by the tools being removed, and not in the state we left them; somebody had been lying down in the shavings, at the end of the bench we had been working at; the tools were taken away; we had hid them among the shavings; the things I lost were found on the prisoners, by Blackman, the officer; we looked further about the building, and found somebody had been in the one pair of stairs, by means of some deals; there was a piece of a coat left on one of the joists, it corresponds to the coat found on Evans, we have got the coat.


                  DAVID 
                  BARNES
               



             sworn. - I am a carpenter; I left my tools in Bedford-place, in the same room, they were all safe on Monday night, when I came on Tuesday morning, they were gone; I lost one hand-saw, five planes, a pair of pincers, and three chissels, they have been found.


                  JOHN 
                  PENN
               



             sworn. - I am a carpenter, I left my tools in the same building, they were safe on Monday night, on Tuesday morning they were missing; I lost three planes and two saws.


                  JOHN 
                  DEAN
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Burr, a corn-dealer: On Tuesday, the 1st of February, I saw the three prisoners in company together all the day, backwards and forwards, which gave me a suspicion, to go down into a cellar, which I had frequently seen them go down into, and up again; I went down, and found all these tools lying there.
Q. Who does the cellar belong to? - A.It is No. 3, in Well-street; the cellar is open, only a board over it, it is a place that people sift dust in; I made application to my master, that people were up and down in the cellar, and I expected there were some things there they would come for; I watched, and about six in the evening, Bellman and Evans came and went down, and Price stood at the end of the street; I had sent for an officer to be in readiness, to take them; seeing them go down, I gave information to the officer, and he came and took them immediately.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLACKMAN
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Bow-street; I went to the cellar the 1st of February, pulled up the flap, and jumped down, and found the tools; I took Bellman and Evans; upon Evans, I found two duplicates, and some of the tools pawned at Mr. Pritchard's, Short's-Gardens. These are the things, two duplicates of three planes.


                  THOMAS 
                  PRITCHARD
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker: These are my duplicates.
Q.Who did you take these three planes of? - A. I believe, Evans; I have no doubt of it.
Gee. One of the planes belongs to me, one to Penn, and one to Barnes. (The coat and the piece found on one of the joists, were produced.)
Blackman. I took the coat from Evans, the piece fits the place where it is torn.
Price's defence. The first man swore he saw me at the top of the street, doing nothing, then he saw me passing by this cellar; I never was in company with these persons; I am innocent of what I am brought here for.
The other two prisoners did not say any thing in their defence.
Evans, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
Bellman, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 14.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Price, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
