






773. 
               
                  
                     JONATHAN 
                     STONE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               making an assault, on the King's highway, upon 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Hopgood
                        




                     
                  , on the 7th of October
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person a pocketbook, value 1d. and three Bank-notes, value 3l. the property of the said Joseph
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  HOPGOOD
               



             sworn. - I work in the Laboratory, at Woolwich
, and went into the Star and Crown public-house, at Broadway, Westminster, on the 7th of October, about six o'clock in the evening, and pulled out my little pocketbook, which had four one-pound notes in it, and took out one to change, which I did; I put my book in my pocket, and staid till after seven o'clock; the prisoner took me out, and said he would get me a lodging; I went with him, and he took me through Snow's-rents into Tothill-fields


; then he put his hand round my body, and put his hand into my right-hand breeches pocket, and took my book out, and went away; I told him he had taken my property; he said, I might go to hell, and away he went.
Q. Were you sober? - A. Yes, I had been drinking, but was not drunk; I went back to the public-house, and told them he had robbed me, and staid there all night; the prisoner was taken up between seven and eight o'clock the same evening; I never got my book or notes again; he came into the public-house again in regimentals, which he had not on when he robbed me, and was taken.
- ARNOLD sworn. - I keep the Star and Crown public-house; the prosecutor came into my house with his wife, who was in liquor, he was very well; I gave him change for a pound-note, and he left his wife while he went to fetch some things out of pledge; when he came back, he set himself down, and there were three or four soldiers; she said, take care of your pockets, you know you have four one-pound notes; the prisoner called for liquor, and the prosecutor paid for some; my husband would not let them have any more at the prosecutor's expence; Stone asked me to let him have a pot; I said, yes, and did so; he asked me if I could accommodate the old man and woman with a lodging; I said, no; he said, he would take them to his landlady's; I asked the old man to leave his money with me; Stone said, he had done so; I said, no; he then took him by the arm, and dragged him out of the house; I said, don't drag him in that way, but take his wife with him; I saw him drag him into Snow's-rents; one of the soldiers took the old woman up, but she sell down; I sent to see where the old man was, but could not find him; in about twenty minutes Stone came in in soldiers' clothes, he was in plain clothes before; he went away again, and presently the old man came in again, and said he was robbed; I went to Bly, and told him the transaction; he went to the barracks, and took the prisoner, and brought him to my house; I told the prisoner they were not the clothes he had on when he robbed the man; he said, I wanted to swear his life away; I said, I knew he had a room, and wife, or girl, and no doubt it was there; he denied it, but owned he had a coloured coat; next day the constable found his wife.


                  THOMAS 
                  BUTCHER
               



             sworn. - I am a soldier in the second regiment of Guards, and saw the prisoner in the house in coloured clothes, and drag the old man across the street to Snow's-rents; in about twenty minutes, or half an hour, the prisoner came in, and soon after the old man came in, and said he had robbed him.


                  JONATHAN 
                  BLY
               



             sworn. - I apprehended the prisoner in bed, and took him to Mrs. Arnold's; I asked him where he changed the clothes; he said, at the barracks; I had information where he lodged, and found the clothes, which I produce, a pair of overalls and a blue coat.
Arnold. I believe they are the same clothes.
Butcher. I am sure it is the coat.
Prisoner. I am innocent of what I am charged with; the old man was so drunk he could not stand.




               GUILTY
            , aged 31.
Of stealing, but not violently.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
