





636. 
               
                  
                     MARTHA 
                     FISHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of August
, five tablecloths, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Ireson
                        



                     
                  ; and two silver tea-spoons, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Mann
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  IRESON
               



             sworn. - I keep the Swan, at Westminster-bridge




; the prisoner at the bar was laundry-maid
 to me for about six weeks.
Q. Did you lose any table-cloths after she entered into your service? - A. Several; my housekeeper searched her apartment, and found the duplicates of the property, and the duplicate of two spoons.


                  MARTHA 
                  MANN
               



             sworn. - I am house-keeper
 to Mr. Ireson.
Q. How long has this young woman lived in Mr. Ireson's service? - A. Seven weeks.
Q. Did you miss any tea-spoons or any tablecloths? - A. Yes, a great many, that I had seen after she came into Mr. Ireson's service. In consequence of suspicion that I had, I searched the prisoner's apartment on the 8th of August, she was present; I opened the drawer where her things were put, she put her hand into the drawer, and took out a piece of paper, and said I might have all the rest; I told her I would have that; she said she had thrown it into the fire, and I might get it out, but I saw she had thrown it under the drawers; a lad picked it up, and gave it to me; I saw it was the same she threw down, she struggled for it very much.
Q. What did the paper contain when it was picked up? - A. Four duplicates for five tablecloths and two tea-spoons; the five table-cloths were brought to Queen-square, and the two teaspoons, as the produce of the duplicates; I know the table-cloths to be Mr. Ireson's.


                  JAMES 
                  GILMORE
               



             sworn. - I am an officer, I produce the duplicates Mrs. Mann gave to me; the tea-spoons were pledged at Mrs. Barry's, in King-street; they were shewn to Mrs. Mann at the Office, she swore to them and the table-cloths.


                  JAMES 
                  ROBERTS
               



             sworn. - I live with Mr. Dobree, Charing-cross; I produce a table-cloth, pawned by the prisoner, on July the 20th.


                  JAMES 
                  DEER
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Mulcaster, pawnbroker, Chamber-street; I know the person of the prisoner at the bar; on the 13th of July she pledged these two table-cloths, I advanced one pound on them.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PEARSON
               



             sworn. - I produce a tablecloth and two tea-spoons, pledged at Mrs. Barry's.


                  JOHN 
                  STANLEY
               



             sworn. - Q. Were you at Mr. Ireson's when this room was searched? - A. Yes, I saw Mrs. Mann take two table-spoons out of the drawer in her apartment; I saw the prisoner throw down a piece of paper, one of our boys picked it up, I saw the duplicates taken out of it.
(The property identified by Mrs. Mann.)
Prisoner's defence. My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury, I am a poor servant unfortunately brought into trouble unthinkingly; when my master and mistress first accused me, they promised me both protection and liberty, and moreover agreed, that if I would pay for the things that were missing, or state the truth without even paying for them, they would forgive me, and not prosecute me. The hope of liberty, and the dread and fear of confinement, induced me to criminate myself; I hope the merciful Judge and Jury will take my case into consideration, and be as favourable as they can, as it is my first offence; thus, on my bended knees, I implore for mercy.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
