





242. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of February
, a silver watch, value 35s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Gilbert
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM GILBERT sworn. - I am coachman to Lady Perth
, and was robbed of a silver watch on the 15th of February; the prisoner I knew, and he told me he would stay in the stable till I came in with the carriage, but he was gone when I came back.
Mrs. GILBERT sworn. - We live in a room over the stable, where the watch hung up; the prisoner came to our room about half past five in the evening, and staid there till my husband went out with the carriage, about half past nine; they had lived servants together; as soon as my husband left us, the prisoner went to the stable to clean it, and asked me to assist him; as soon as I went down stairs, he told me he wanted to go out, but had left his hat up stairs; he went up for it, and said he would return again in a few minutes, but desired me not to leave the stable before he came back; I waited above five or six minutes, and went up stairs, when I immediately missed the watch, which I am positive was hanging up over the fire-place; I was very much frightened, and as soon as I recovered, I alarmed a coachman in the Mews; the prisoner was taken into custody the next day.


                  JOHN 
                  BOOTHBY
               



             sworn. - I am ostler at the Red-Lion, Cockspur-street: On Tuesday, the prosecutor came to me, and said he had lost his watch, and begged me to stop the prisoner if I saw him On Wednesday morning, about nine o'clock, the prisoner came, and offered me the duplicate of a watch for sale for half-a-crown; I said, before I bought it, I must go and look at the watch; he went with me to No. 123, in the Strand, and saw it; upon which I said it was a stolen watch, and the prisoner was taken to Marlborough-street.
THOMAS ROBERTS sworn. - I am a pawnbroker: On the 16th of February, about eight o'clock in the morning, the prisoner brought a watch, and pledged it; I gave twenty-five shillings on it; this is the duplicate which I wrote.(The watch produced, and identified.)
Prisoner's defence. I can sleep better on the hard boards than that woman can on a feather-bed; she is the person who sent me to pawn it, and no other.

Q. 
            (To Mrs. Gilbert.) Did you give him this watch to pawn? - A. No, I did not.
Q. Did you let him have the watch for any purpose? - A. No, I knew nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
