





107. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     GIBBS, alias 
GIGNELL





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of January
, a coat, value 2l. 10s. three waistcoats, value 1l. 10s. a pair of breeches, value 15s. and a pair of silver buckles, value 1l. 5s. the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Rowland
                     



                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Mason
                        




.


                  ANN 
                  ROWLAND
               



             sworn. - I am the wife
 of 
               
                  James 
                  Rowland
               



            , we lodge in the house of Mrs. Mason, on Saffron-hill


, I believe her name is Mary, I am not sure: Last Thursday, I went out exactly at twelve o'clock, I was going to Mr. Powell's, the lawyer, in Furnival's-inn, to washing, and left the key with 
               
                  Ann 
                  Bromwich
               



            , who lodges in the parlour upon the ground floor; we lodge in the first floor, and desired her to give it my husband, when he came home at one o'clock to his dinner; the prisoner was an acquaintance of mine, and came down stairs with me, she saw me deliver the key to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Bromwich
               



            , she lives with her mother upon Eyre-street-hill; I left a box locked, and the keys in my pocket; my husband came to me, at Mr. Powell's, to inform me of the robbery.


                  ANN 
                  BROMWICH
               



             sworn. - I lodge in the same house with Ann Rowland; she went out last Thursday, about twelve o'clock, and left the key of her room-door with me, the prisoner was with her, they both went out at the street door together; 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Gibbs
               



             came back in less than an hour, and asked me to deliver the key of the room, for she was going to see how the fire was; I gave her the key, and she delivered it to me again, she might be in the room about ten minutes, then she went away; she came again a little after four in the afternoon, I was at tea, and she asked me for the key again, and the child I have in my arms delivered her the key; she went up stairs, and was there above a quarter of an hour; she came down, and asked me whether she should leave the key in the back room, andI said; no, leave it in the front-room, because I was going to work there all the evening; she then had a quantity of things in her apron, which I observed as she went out; she had on a great brown cloak; she had nothing in her apron when she asked me for the key, that I could perceive, as she stood with the door in her hand; she dropped something as she went past, but I could not see what it was; I was mangling at the time, and she said it was needlework.


                  BILLY 
                  PAGE
               



             sworn. - I am servant to 
               
                  John 
                  Edwards
               



            , pawnbroker, in Portpool-lane: On Thursday last, between five and six o'clock, the prisoner came to our shop, I never saw her before to my knowledge; I am certain it is the prisoner, (produces a coat, two waistcoats, a pair of breeches and a pair of silver buckles;) I took them in of the prisoner, I lent one pound eleven shillings upon them.
Q. What would they be worth to sell? - A. Two guineas.


                  JAMES 
                  ROWLAND
               



             sworn. - I came home on Thursday last, about half-past seven in the evening, I got the key from Mrs. Bromwich; I went up stairs, and saw that the box was pulled out from under the bed, and the lock broke open, the staple in which the bolt shuts was forced off, and all the things gone out of it, except one shirt, a neckcloth, and a pocket-book; there were three waistcoats in the box, but only two were found. (The property was deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. This woman's name is 
               
                  Nancy 
                  Wilson
               



            , she is not that man's wife, we had been together for seven years, and she said, any thing that was in her room I was welcome to; she told me, that the keys of his box he had taken from her, on the Tuesday morning.
Q. (To 
               
                  Ann 
                  Rowland
               



            .) Did you ever give her authority to take any thing out of your room? - A. Never in my life; I had the keys of the box in my pocket with me.




               GUILTY of stealing goods, value 39s.
             aged 26.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
