





588. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     COHEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on 1st of June
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Elder
                        




                     
                  , a shilling, and four six-pences, and two bank notes, value 1 l. each, his property
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  ELDER
               



            . I live at 34, Aylesbury-street, Clerkenwell. I am in the service of Mr. Dawson, ship broker, Tower Hill. On the 1st of June, about half past eleven at night, I was going to Mr. Dawson's, to see if a box of linen had come there that afternoon. I was three parts down the Minories, between George-street and the Crescent.
Q. Were you sober - A. Quite sober.
Q. Do you know that you had this money about you in the Minories


 - A. I was at that moment putting the half crown out of my right hand pocket into my left pocket; I felt the money in my pocket. The prisoner accosted me at the time I was putting the money in my pocket; she met me right in the face, she was alone.
Q. Are you quite sure that she is the woman - A. I am quite certain.
Q. Had she a child in her arms at that time - A. No, she asked me where I was going, I told her I was going straight home, she said I had better go home with her.
Q. Did you go with her - A. No; she met me, turned back, and went in the direction I was going; she laid hold of my arm, I believe.
Q. Did you attempt to shove her off - A. No, she was not five minutes with me, I did not stop with her at all; she suddenly started from me. I was then close by the Crescent when she started the other side of the way; no familiarity passed between us. By her suddenly starting from me, I thought she had taken my pocket handkerchief; I found the left hand pocket of my pantaloons, turned inside out. She was at my left side when she started from me.
Q. Were your notes and silver all there - A. Yes, in my purse; I pursued her, and called out stop thief.
Q. When she asked you to go home, did she tell you where her home was - A. No; I was very near her when I followed her, and the watchman stopped her; she was searched in the watchhouse, and the money was found in her mouth; the notes on one side of her mouth, and the silver in the other. The constable has kept it ever since.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MABERLEY
               



            . I am a watchman, my beat is at Sparrow-corner, at the end of the Minories. On the 1st of June, about half past eleven at night, I heard the cry of stop thief; the prisoner was running, and the prosecutor after her. I stopped the prisoner, the prosecutor came up directly; he charged the prisoner with having robbed him of his purse, containing cash and notes. I took the prisoner to the watchhouse, there I searched her; I found upon her two one pound notes, and four shillings in silver in her mouth. I never found the purse. I delivered over the notes and the money to Kinnersley.
Q. Do you know the person of the woman - A. No, I never saw her before to my knowledge.
Kinnersley. The money and the notes were delivered over to me; they were taken out before I came.
Q. to prosecutor. I suppose you had no marks about your notes or money - A. I know the numbers.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not rob this gentleman of his money; I went to look after my husband, he stopped out later than usual; coming back I met with this gentleman, he asked me to have something to drink; he intruded upon me to take six-pence to get something to drink, I told him I dare not go to any house with him, for fear my husband should come home; I happened to stoop down to tie my pocket up, I saw something white, I picked it up; the notes and money were wrapped up in paper. The gentleman came to me in Rosemary-lane, he struck me; I did not know the gentleman again; he did not say he had lost any thing, he called out stop thief, I called out murder. The money was found upon me. When I was in the Compter, he said he would not hurt me if I would make up the money; he had lost two guineas, and a guinea for his loss of time; I told him my husband was out of work, I could not raise above two guineas; he told me I should pay for Kinnersley's loss of time, and the watchman's loss of time. Mr. Kinnersley told Mr. Elder that he should not take the money, without paying for his time.
Q. to prosecutor. Is there any truth in what she has said - A. I begged the lord mayor not to prosecute this woman, upon account of the child; the husband wanted my address, I gave it him; I never went to the Compter to take any money of her. I never made any proposalthat she should pay the watchman and Kinnersley.
Jury Q. to Maberley. Did the prosecutor describe to you the number of the notes - A. He said he had lost two notes, he said they were both running numbers; he did not make out the number of the notes; before he saw them he described the quantity of silver, he mentioned one foreign piece, or pocket piece, which there was amongst it.
COURT. to Kinnersley. Do you know the person of the woman - A. Yes.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
