





91. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     AYRES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Boards
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of two atnight, on the 23d of December
, and burglariously stealing therein sixteen ducks, value 32 s. three turkies, value 18 s. and a gander, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Boards
               



            .
(The case stated by Mr. Gurney.)


                  JOHN 
                  BOARDS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. On the night of the 22d of December, was your poultry all safe? - A. Yes.
Q. On the morning of the 23d, did your servant call you up? - A. Yes.
Q. How is that hen-house with regard to your dwelling-house? - A. There is a coal-house that joins to the hen-roost, the coal-house is next to the brewhouse.
Q. Is it all under one roof, and connected together? - A. It is the same nature as the brewhouse, but not of the house.
Court. Q. It is not in an enclosed yard? - A. No.
Q. If it is within an enclosed yard, it is protected as well as the house - it is no part of the dwelling-house neither? - A. No.
Mr. Gurney. Q. What time in the morning were you called up? - A. About two o'clock.
Q. Did you find the turkey-house had been robbed? - A. Yes.
Q. And the tiles taken off the house? - A. Yes; we had a strong door made to the hen-roost, he got in the coal-hole way; we lost three turkies, sixteen ducks, and a gander.
Q. Did you and your man pursue him? - A. Yes, and we found him in the lane; as soon as we came to a waggon, we asked the waggoner if he had seen a man with any poultry; he said, he was the off-side of the waggon, and he pulled the poultry out of the waggon in a moment, and said he had just put them in; the waggoner was quite a young fellow, I was obliged to hold the prisoner down by the butt-end of the gun; he said he would lick us all.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WEBSTER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are servant to Mr. Boards? - A. Yes; about two o'clock I was going to my master's stables, I found a man in a field adjoining my master's yard, he was pulling some long feathers from a duck; I said, halloa, mate! what are you doing there? he said, he was doing a job for himself; I went up to him with a candle and lantern; I said, you have got a fine parcel of ducks here; yes, he said, I will sell you some if you like; I went and called another man, and I went to him again; he then said to me, b - r your eyes, if you are not gone, I will send some small shot in you; I went and called my master, and 
               
                  James 
                  Gray
               



             was in the lane.
Q.Where did you find him next? - A. I found him along with the waggon, I asked the waggoner where he was; he said, he was the off-side of the waggon, and the poultry was in the waggon, and there we took him.
Q. Were you quite sure that that man you found with this waggon was the same man you saw in the field? - A. Yes.
Q.(To Prosecutor.) Are you quite sure that this poultry was your's? - A. Here is my wife here that will swear to them; she had put some red rags round their legs to mark them for store-ducks.
Prisoner's defence. I had been going about for work, I was coming down the road, and these men met me; they began knocking me about, I thought they were going to take my life away from me.
GUILTY, aged 27,
Of 


               stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
