





558. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PETHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a coat, value 10 s.
             the property of a certain person to the jurors unknown.
THOMAS BRERETON. I live with Mr. Downes, Fetter-lane. On the 25th of July, between nine and ten o'clock, as I was passing through Fleet-street, there was a post chaise past me; I saw the prisoner at the bar and another person, now and then alternately look into the chaise; they followed it till it came to St. Clement's church in the Strand


, then the tallest man of the two jumped up and hung on the window of the chaise by one hand, and with the other took out a coat.
Q. There was no body in the chaise, perhaps. - A. I suppose not; when he had taken the coat he returned a few yards, called some name; upon which the prisoner at the bar come and received the coat. They came through Temple Bar into Fleet-street, where a patrol stood; they went of the opposite side of the way when they saw me, I informed the patrol; we went after the two men and we took the prisoner with the coat in Chancery-lane under his arm; the man that stole the coat ran away. We asked the prisoner where he got the coat, he said he found it in Fleet-street. The patrol took him to the watchhouse.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. What part of Chancery-lane was it you overtook the prisoner. - A. Towards Fleet-street.
Q. Was it dark at this time. - A. It was duskish.
Q. You could not see whether there was any body in the chaise or not. - A. No.
Q. Therefore you could not tell whether any body might not hand it out; the coat belonged to the driver. - A. Yes, it appeared to be an empty chaise, but I do not know.
Q. Why did not you call out to the driver. - A. Because the men went the contrary way; if I had done so they would have got off.
ANTHONY M'DONALD. On the 25th of July last I ran up Chancery-lane after the two men, they turned up a dark court; as soon as they saw me come up the court they both came out into Chancery-lane; I followed him that had the coat; when I caught him, I asked where he had got that coat, he said in Fleet-street, it was laying in the dirt, he kicked his foot against it; I produce the coat.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
