





610. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     CHAPMAN
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of July
, thirteen remnants of linen check cloth, containing twenty-six yards, value 26s.
             the property of 
               
                  Edmund 
                  Darby
               



             and 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Knott
                  



               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  EDMUND 
                  DARBY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a shop-seller

, in partnership with 
               
                  Henry 
                  Knott
               



            ; the prisoner was employed by us in cutting out linen check shirts: On the 30th of July, in consequence of information that I received, I went over to Union-hall and got a search-warrant; the prisoner usually left his work at one to go to dinner, he lives over the water; I placed myself at Mr. Bull's door, who is a linen-draper, a few yards from my house, on the same side of the way, and in about three minutes I saw the prisoner come out; I kept him in conversation going down the street, till we got to Globe-court; I desired him to step up the court with me; I had something for him to do there; when we came to the end of the court, the constable opened the door, and we both walked in; my partner, Mr. Knott, and Mr. Riley were behind me; I told the constable he had some of my property about him; he then put his hand into one pocket, and pulled out a remnant of two yards; then he put his hand into the other pocket and did the same; I then told him he had more of my property about him, which he denied; I then desired the constable to strip him, upon which Chapman said, he would not give him the trouble to do that; he then unbuttoned his waistcoat, and from his left side took a remnant of two yards, and from the other side he took two more, making four in all.
Q. Is that the quantity you usually allow for making a check shirt? - A. No, not the proper quantity at all.
Q. Were those which were taken from him at all marked? - A. They were; I marked them, my partner marked them, and Mr. Railey marked them, that we might know them again.
Q. Were they marked when you found them upon him? - A. Yes; they were marked with the letter K. and another letter that my marking clerk will give you a better account of.
Court. Q. Are they your property? - A. Yes; I know them by the marks.
Q. Did you miss any of them? - A. Yes.
Q. Have not other shops the same pattern? - A. The shops very seldom have any such.

Cross-examined by Mr. Raine. Q. This check is for sailor shirts? - A. Yes.
Q. And your checks for sailors shirts are quite different from every body elses? - A. Yes.
Q. You do not mean that any body else has checks like your's? - A. No.
Q. Have you no other partner in the trade besides Mr. Knott? - A. No.
Q. Is there no confidential clerk who has a proportinate share in the business? - A. None.
Q. Do you never suffer any work to be done by your servant at his own house? - A. No; if they do, it is stolen.
Q. But, suppose they bring it back compleatly made? - A. No such thing is ever done at our house.
Q. How many persons may you employ? - A.From one thousand to twelve hundred a week, every day.
Q. And all of them working upon your premises? - A. No; the cutters work in our house, but the other people do not; the prisoner was a cutter.
Q. Have you no persons that work upon the premises besides cutters? - A. No, only the porters.
Q. How long did this man live with you? - A.Seven years; I always had a very good opinion of him, and was sorry to find that this had happened; I gave him good wages, thirty shillings a week, and ten guineas at Christmas.
HENRY KNOTT sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am the partner of Mr. Darby: Immediately after the prisoner had left his work on the 30th of July, I went into the place and missed three remnants of check that I had marked the same morning; Mr. Riley had marked them with the letter J.; I put my own mark immediately under, a small k.; I then immediately went to Mr. Darby, who was at Mr. Bull's door, and gave him information; the prisoner walked down towards London-bridge, which was in his way home; Mr. Darby also walked by the side of him; Mr. Riley and myself followed close behind; when we all came to the end of Globe-court, Mr. Darby desired the prisoner to go up the court with him; Mr. Riley and I still followed close behind; they went into the house of Gill, a constable, and we followed close behind; Mr. Darby desired the constable to search him, for he suspected he had some of our property about him; at first he said he had nothing, but almost immediately after he said he had nothing but two remnants of check; he put his hand into one of his coat-pocket, and took out a remnant of linen check; he then took one out of his other coat-pocket; Mr. Darby still charged him with having more, and ordered the constable to search him; he said he would not give him the trouble, but slackened his apron, and from under his waistcoat took a remnant about the same size, and then another; before I looked at them I told him they were marked, and I immediately opened them and shewed the marks upon them; they were deliverd into the charge of the constable.
Jury. Q. How many hands do you employ? - 
A. It is impossible to guess, I could not state the number within five hundred; we employ a great number of parishes, and how many of the poor are employed upon our work it is impossible for me to tell.


                  HENRY 
                  GILL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a constable in Globe-court: The prisoner was brought to my house by Mr. Darby; he desired me to search him, but he would not be searched; he himself took out of his coat-pockets two remnants of linen check; Mr. Darby then said there was some more; he said there was no more; then Mr. Darby desired me to search him, but rather than let me search him he took the two remnants out from under his waistcoat himself, and I secured him; I have had them ever since. (Produces them.)(The three remnants were deposed to by Mr. Knott.)


                  GEORGE 
                  RILEY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am in the employ of Messrs. Darby and Knott; the prisoner was my fellow-servant: On Wednesday the 30th of July, the day on which he was apprehended, I put the letter R. on four remnants of checks; three of these are my marking, I saw them taken from the prisoner; Mr. Knott marked them at the same time, here is his mark; the prisoner was employed as a cutter.


                  ROBERT 
                  COOPER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am one of the police-officers in the Borough: In consequence of a search-warrant I went to the lodgings of the prisoner, in Townsend-court, Queen-street, in the Borough; I found his wife and daughter there; I found nine remnants of check, eight of them are marked.
Cross-examined by Mr. Raine. Q. Did you happen to be acquainted with this man's wife before? - A. No.
Q. Then you of your own knowledge do not know that this was the house of the prisoner? - A. No; only from the information of one of Mr. Darby's gentlemen who went with me.
Q. Is that gentlemen here? - A. No.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called nine witnesses, who gave him an excellent character. 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 48.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
