





504. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     ANSELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 22nd of May
, twenty two brass coach door plates, value 7 s. ten buckles, value 2 s. and a bell, value 4 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Ford
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  FORD
               



            . I am a coachmaker
, Bowling Green lane, Clerkenwell


. I was from home when the articles were stolen, they were in the warehouse adjoining to where the prisoner was; I was sent for; the prisoner had broke into my warehouse. When I came home, I found the prisoner was in custody; I looked into the warehouse; I perceived the things were gone.


                  GEORGE 
                  WALTON
               



            . I am a coach painter, I work for Mr. Comford; my master's shop where I work adjoins Mr. Ford's shop. On Friday the 22nd of May I heard somebody rattle the iron about in the next shop; it being five o'clock in the afternoon I knew it was the time for the men to be all at tea; I looked through the crevice of the boards of Mr. Ford's shop; I saw the prisoner standing against the door of the warehouse; he seemed confused and he was looking as if to see whether any body was coming into the shop; I looked through the party wall, I saw him try to get into the store room; he got part of the way in but could get no further; I got upon a carriage, so as to look over the party wall, I saw him attempting to get into the warehouse; he retreated back, came again, and ripped down another bar of the warehouse; then he went in, he began taking the brass coach door plates, he took some out the first time, and he came a second time; with that I called my master.
Q. Did he take any in the presence of you and your master. - A. Yes, my master came and saw him; he went round and caught him; master asked him what he was after, he said nothing; my master replied you must be after something down there; he said he was looking for a piece of leather.
Prisoner. I did not break the place down, the place was broken down.


                  JOHN 
                  COMFORD
               



            . I am a coach painter. When I came out from tea my man told me he saw the prisoner taking the plates from the warehouse; I saw him in the act of taking the plates out of the warehouse; I went into Mr. Ford's shop, I asked him what he was about, he said nothing; there was no one with him at the time. I told him I was sure he was about something, I could see him, and he was in there taking the plates.
Q. Upon looking at the warehouse could you see that it had been forced open. - A. Yes, there were two bars torn down.
Q. Did you see where the plates had been put. - A. They were found in a stage coach.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton Garden. I was sent for to take this man in custody; I searched him, I found nothing upon him but a few nails. These are the coach door plates, I found them in the body of a stage coach; and these plates I found at Mrs. Hill's, an old iron shop. The next morning the prisoner said he was sorry for what he had done; I told him I thought he had a warning before.
Q. to prosecutor. What is the value of these plates are they worth five or six shillings. - A. They are.
Q. You had not put these coach plates in the stage coach. - A. No; I lost many before; I put them in that place; I could see my stock was diminished; he left only one out of eleven dozen.
Prisoner's Defence. I had no leather to work with; my mistress told me to look about the warehouse; I put my arm in, and the pale broke in; I pulled out the leather, and two of the plates came out with it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
