






672. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th of August
, 70 yards of ribbon, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Kerrison
                  




               
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I live with Mr. Kerrison, 37, Poultry


, he is an haberdasher
. On the 9th of August, about ten minutes after seven, I was taking the shutters down, no one in the shop besides myself, the prisoner asked to see some ribbons, I went round the counter, and put the drawer of ribbons before her, upon the counter, in the mean time another woman came in, and wished to see some silk handkerchiefs, I did not take down the handkerchiefs to show her, I attended upon the prisoner Brown, she asked me several times to shew her the handkerchiefs, because, she said, she should be too late for market, I took down the handkerchief-drawer to show her some handkerchiefs. In the mean time, I observed the prisoner take out several pieces of ribbon out of the drawer, she put them into a large pocket which she had under her apron, I desired the other woman to ring the bell, two or three times, she did not, then the prisoner asked the price of a ribbon' I told her sevenpence, she told me to cut her on a yard of that, I cut off a yard, and wound it round my hand, to put it up for her, and went for to ring the bell, when she perceived that I was coming round the counter, Brown laid down the sevenpence without taking the yard of ribbon that was cut off for her, and went out of the shop, when I perceived the prisoner go out of the shop, I asked the other person to stop in the shop while I went after her.
Q. Did she do so - A. No. While I went after the prisoner, this woman went out of the shop, I did not see the other woman go out, I went after the prisoner, the prisoner had got three doors from the shop, I told the prisoner to walk back, as she had got property that did not belong to her, she asked me what, I told her ribbon, she denied having any, and refused to come back, I took hold of her coat, and puller her back, she called me a d - nd little b - r, I got her in the shop, she put the ribbon in the drawer again, nobody had come down stairs, she took out a great many pieces from her pocket, and put them in the drawer.
Q. What did she say when she returned - A. She sat down, and said any body might search her.
MR. HICKES. I am a servant of Mr. Kerrison, the prisoner was in the shop when I came down, as I came down stairs, my fellow servant stood opposite to me, he said Mr. Hickes this woman has been stealing all these ribbons upon the top of the drawer, she took them away, and when I brought her in, she returned them into the drawer, the prisoner said any body might search her.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I only came out of the door to look after the person that carried the basket for me, I laid the sevenpence on the counter, I had nothing to do with the ribbon at all.



               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
