





708. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 13th of last December
, a set of bed furniture, value 40 s. two sheets, value 10 s. and a counterpane, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Carpenter
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging room
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CARPENTER
               



            . I live at No. 27, Hertford street, Fitzroy square


.
Q. Do you know that woman at the bar - A. Yes, I know the prisoner very well. On the 14th of last December she saw a bill up at my window for a ready furnished lodging; she came into my shop - I keep a green grocer's shop
 - she came in and asked me what apartment I had to let; I told her a two pair of stairs back room; she said she was a married woman just come out of Yorkshire, and her husband lived in a family in Manchester square, he was a valet; she did not tell her husband's name, she said her name was 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Thompson
               



            , and her husband would call upon her at times.
Q. How do you know her husband's name is James - A. I never heard her mention her husband's name.
Q. Did you agree about the lodging - A. Yes; she asked me if she could see the apartment; I shewed her the two pair of stairs back room, she approved of it very much, and asked the price; I told her five shillings a week; she agreed to pay the price for it.
Q. What furniture was in the room - A. There was a carpet on the floor, bed and bed furniture, sheets and counterpane; she came down into the shop, she said then she had no money in her pocket: I had not asked her for earnest, I asked her where I could go for her character; she told me that she came to town that night, and slept at a public house in Holborn; by her appearance I took her in without a character, as she was well dressed; she pulled a silver spoon from her pocket and gave it me for earnest; she said she was very cold, she had a little girl with her at the time; my wife asked her if she would have some porter and some bread and cheese; she sat the best part of an hour, then she asked what time she was to come to the room; she went away, and said she was going to her husband to get some money; in about two hours she come back again; then she asked for the key of the room, it was given to her; she went up stairs, staid about half an hour, and then came down to know where the water but was, and went up into her apartment again. I did not see any more of her that night; that was about four o'clock; this was on the fourteenth; she took the lodgings on the next day, Thursday, in the morning; she came down two or three times with a round basket, with a cover on it; when she came to take possession she brought nothing but the basket and the little girl; she came down two or three times with the hand basket that day; she did not return that night; I did not see any more of her till she was taken by the constable; she was only there one night. On Saturday morning about nine o'clock I went up stairs, the door was locked and the key taken out; I had a recollection that I had a key that would open the door; I tried it and opened it with that key, and missed the property mentioned in the indictment; the bed furniture had been nailed, and the nails laid on the mahogany table in the room; a pair of sheets and a counterpane was gone; a pawnbroker's duplicate laid on the carpet of the sheet and a counterpane pawned at Mr. Merritt's the corner of Marybone street; I went there the same day. I found the counterpane and one sheet; I never found the bed furniture and the other sheet. I know the counterpane and sheet to be mine, they are here; I am certain of her person.
Q. When did you see the prisoner again - A. I never saw her till the 24th of September last, she was in custody.
The property produced and identified.
- CROCKER. I am a constable of the parish of St. Pancras. I apprehended the prisoner on the 24th of September last: I took her to Mr. Carpenter's, they said this was the woman that had robbed them.
Prisoner's Defence. I only beg for mercy.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
