





376. 
               
                  
                     SOPHIA 
                     GROUNDHIE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Ames
                        




                     
                  , the said Benjamin, Mary his wife, and others of his family, being therein, about the hour of ten in the forenoon, of the 23d of February
, and stealing a child's frock, value 1s. two aprons, value 5s. a coat, value 20s. a waistcoat, value 10s. a pair of breeches, value 10s. a gown, value 8s. two pillow-cases, value 2s. two children's petticoats, value 3s. and a shirt, value 3s.
             the property of the said Benjamin.


                  MARY 
                  AMES
               



             sworn. - I live in Spicer-street, Mile-End


: On Tuesday forenoon, the 23d of February, between nine and twelve, my husband, two children, and myself, were at home; we went up stairs to work, and I locked the chamber door, and took the key out; about half past eleven I came down, and found the door locked, as I had left it; I went to the drawers for a gown, which I wanted to put on, but it was gone, with articles in the indictment, which were in different drawers; I have known the prisoner, by living in the neighbourhood, some years; no damage was done to the lock, which must have been opened with a false key, I saw one of my aprons on the prisoner, in Brick-lane, and the child's frock, in her sister's drawer.
HOPWOOD sworn. - I live in Spicer-street, opposite the prosecutor's: On Tuesday, the 23d of February, I saw the prisoner go up Mrs. Ames's stairs, the street-door being open, about ten o'clock, and come down, with holding up her apron full of things, so that I could not see what was in it; I saw her afterwards, about four or five o'clock the same day, in Wheeler-street, about a quarter of a mile distant; Mrs. Ames told me she was robbed between eleven and twelve, upon which I told her, I had seen the prisoner come out with her apron full of things; she was followed, and taken up, but she did not say any thing.
SUSANNA BROCKETT sworn. - I am the prisoner's sister; and, as I had mended a few things, she gave me this little frock, which I put into my drawer, thinking she had bought it, but the officers came to my house when I was out, and took it away. (Identifies the frock.)


                  PETER 
                  MASON
               



             sworn. - I belong to Worship-street; I went with Vickery to the house of Ames with a bunch of keys, and the first key I tried unlocked the door; it is a very common lock.


                  JOHN 
                  VICKERY
               



             sworn. - (Produces an apron and child's frock.) I am an officer: On the 23d of February, I was applied to by Mrs. Ames, and went to the house of Mrs. Parker, No. 9, Fleet-street, Bethnal-green, and, in the garret, I found the prisoner blowing the fire; there were a number of pieces of cloth laying about, and a great smell; I searched the ashes, and found several pieces of linen, which had been burning, but nothing else; I was coming out of the room, and, on the stair-case even with the room, was a window which had been boarded up, but a board was taken down to admit fight, and, between the window and the lead-work, were the keys, and this apron; I asked the prisoner if she knew it; she said, no, it don't belong to me; Mrs. Ames owned the apron; then we went to Mrs. Brockett's, and there we found the child's frock.
(The frock and apron identified by Mrs. Ames.)
Prisoner's defence. I went home on Monday night, and found a young woman sitting on the steps, crying; she said, she had no home, and I took her up stairs, and she slept with me; about half past ten o'clock the next day, she brought me the apron and frock for letting her sleep there.
Mrs. Ames. She said before, that she bought it, and gave half-a-crown for it.
GUILTY, aged 16.
Of 


               stealing, to the value of 1s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
