





232. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     RADLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 3d of March
, sixty pounds weight of lead, value 5 s. the property of the Hon.


                        William-Booth 
                        Grey
                     




                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house, feloniously did break, with intent to steal
            .


                  SARAH 
                  RICKARDS
               



             sworn. - At the time this happened, I was living in Lower Brook-street


; I had the care of Mr. William-Booth Grey's house: On Saturday, the 3d of March, we were alarmed by bricks falling in the area, a little before nine o'clock in the evening; the family were out of town; 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Pollard
               



            , who was with me, went out at the front door, I was in the back parlour; Mr. Franks, who keeps the hotel across the way, brought the prisoner back about five or six minutes afterwards; I gave charge of him to the watchman; as I went out at the front door, I saw the lead broke off, and hanging over the front area-rails; it was the pipe that conveyed the water from the top of the house; it was broke off at the joint at the top, and held by an hold-fast at the bottom; an acquaintance of mine separated it after the prisoner was gone to the watch-house, and brought it in; the prisoner wished not to be sent to the watch-house, and asked what he had done.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are quite sure it was not quite separated? - A. No; it was confined by an iron hold-fast to keep it close to the wall; it was confined by bricks on each side.
Q. The lead does not go into the bricks? - A. Yes, it does, two or three inches.
- FRANKS sworn. - On the 3d of March, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I went out at my door, which is almost opposite where Mr. Grey lives: I saw two of Mr. Grey's servants with a lighted candle at the door, looking at a leaden pipe; I went over, and observed the pipe pulled out of one of the joints, with a good many of the hold-fasts pulled out, and likewise from the front door into the area, about seven or eight feet down, and there were a great many of the bricks torn away with it; it was fast at the lower end; it was almost twisted off within an inch. In coming back, I saw the prisoner looking past the end of my house; I went back, and told them to go in with the candle; they did so; I went back again, and saw the man come back in about five minutes; he ran over very quick indeed to the pipe; he took hold of it, and twisted it about half a dozen times; some bricks fell out of the wall, he ran away, and I took him; I was not above three yards off, and he ran towards me; it was as dark as pitch; I knew him to be the same man, because I had at my own door two very large lamps, which made it as light as day; he was very quick for a minute or two; some bricklayers labourers came up before the watchman came up, and then he was threatening to strike them; I delivered him to the watchman.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
