





104. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     FORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of December
, four quartern loaves, of bread, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Chew
                  




               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Pooley.


                  JOHN 
                  FRENCH
               



            . I am a broker, I live in Berwick court


.
Q. Has Mr. Chew any door that opens into that court - A. Yes, nearly opposite of my house; it is not Mr. Chew's shop door, it is the side door, the shop door is in Henrietta street. On the 17th of last December I observed a man walking to and fro my door for five minutes; then I observed the prisoner come out of Mr. Chew's private door; I saw him give four round quartern loaves to the man that was walking to and fro by Mr. Chew's.
Q. What door did the prisoner come from - A. The side door, I am sure of that; he gave the man four loaves altogether as they were baked in the oven; the prisoner went down stairs again immediately.
Q. What became of the man to whom he gave the loaves - A. He walked briskly on till he came to Gee's court, and then he made a run.
Q. Is this door kept open for customers as well as the front door - A. No; it is for the use of lodgers; I told Mr. Chew when he opened the shutters.


                  JOHN 
                  CHEW
               



            . I am a baker
, I live at No. 2, Henrietta street, Manchester square.
Q. Where is your shop door - A. In Henrietta street, my house is the corner of Berwick court; I have a door in Berwick court for the use of the lodgers only, and a door in Henrietta street.
Q. On the 17th of December did you order that the prisoner should bring up the bread in consequence of some information - A. Yes; he brought up eighty seven quartern loaves about eight o'clock; Mr. French had told me ten minutes before that.
Q. Was eighty seven quartern loaves the quantity that there should be - A. Ninety one I put in myself. I am quite sure of it, it is always a regular quantity. I asked him whether they were all up; he said they were.
Q. Did he ever account to you for the remaining four - A. Never.
Prisoner's Defence. There have been a number of loaves sold out at that private door; Mr. Chew knows that he served a woman in the house, and that he cannot deny.
Prosecutor. I never knew in my life that a loaf went out that way.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
