





285. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SIMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of January
, a tin case, value 1 s. 6 d. a pint of rum, value 1 s. 6 d. a shirt, value 10 s. a pair of stockings, value 2 s. and a neckcloth, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Foster
                        



                     
                  , a pair of stockings, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Lyons
                        



                     
                  , spinster
; and one pair of pantaloons, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Kinnard
                        



.
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.


                  GEORGE 
                  FOSTER
               



            . Q. You keep the Britannia, Blackwall




 - A. I do.
Q. Had the prisoner at the bar been lodging at your house any time - A. About a twelvemonth; he was introduced to me by Mr. Frazer, his master; he came to me very ill; he staid with me about a twelvemonth.
Q. Had you communicated to you by any body, or by the person of Solomon, any circumstances that occasioned you to suspect the prisoner - A. I had, about four weeks ago; in consequence of that I had him taken up by an officer.
Q. Did you find any property on him - A. Articles of my own wearing apparel; I saw them found in the prisoner's box.
Q. In what room did you find them in his box - A. In a room adjoining to where he slept; in his box.
Q. Where had these things that you found in his box been deposited before - A. I cannot exactly say.
Q. Had they been in your possession - A. Certainly; they were my property; the room that his box stood in was a drying room for the linen; sometimes I kept them in my own bed room, and sometimes in that drying room where he slept.
COURT. I thought you said the drying room was the next room to where he slept - did you lose the things contained in the indictment - A. The wearing apparel.
Q. Did you lose a tin case and a pint of rum - A. I cannot say the rum; I lost a shirt, a pair of stockings, I believe them to be mine, and I lost a neckcloth.
Q. Who was 
               
                  Mary 
                  Lions
               



             - A. A niece of mine, and 
               
                  George 
                  Kinnard
               



             was a lodger. I did not miss them till his box was opened.
Q. Had you ever given him these things - A. Never. I am quite certain of that.


                  ELEANOR 
                  FOSTER
               



            . Q. You are the wife of 
               
                  George 
                  Foster
               



             - A. I am.
Q. Did you miss any of your husband's property - A. I did not miss them until his chest was searched; it was searched in my presence, I then saw they were my husband's.


                  JOHN 
                  SOLOMON
               



            . I am a shipwright, I lodged at the Britannia at this time, and the prisoner lodged there at the time.
Q. Do you remember the day laid in the indictment any thing attracting your notice respecting the prisoner - A. Yes; when I came down at half past six, before it was light, as I went along the passage to get into the back yard, I found the bar door open, I heard a rumbling noise in the kitchen; I went down as far as the kitchen door, I found that door open; I said to the prisoner, Tom, is that you; he said yes. I went out backward where I wanted to go to, and when I came back the bar door was shut to. That is all I know. I went out to work, when I came home at breakfast time I told the prosecutor of it.
MR. LITTLEPAGE. I am a headborough. On the same evening I went to the Britannia, I took charge of the prisoner about a quarter past eight at night; Mrs. Foster told me that he had been robbing them for six or seven months, of what she had been working hard for; he said indeed he had not, it was all his ownproperty.
Q. Did you search the prisoner's box - A. Yes; after I had taken him to the watchhouse; I found in his box, it was unlocked, twenty five one pound notes, twenty two guineas, twenty seven seven shilling pieces, four shillings, fifty four new halfpence and penny-pieces, and sixty three new farthings; there was a canteen of rum, a broken glass with bitters in it, two twopenny loaves, a shirt marked Foster, the name in full length, a new neckcloth with G F on it, a pair of stockings, and a pair of pantalooons, with a rule in one of the pockets; they are all here in the box.
COURT, to prosecutor. Is that the box in which you found the things - A. Yes.
Q In what state did you leave the bar the over night when you went to bed - A. It was fastened in the state that it usually was, I fastened it with two buttons.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of this, I have witnesses to come forward.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
