





561. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MERCER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of October
, five yards and a half of woollen cloth, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Brock
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BROCK
               



             sworn. - I am a tailor
: On the 12th day of this month I sent my boy to Mr. Pineger's, on Ludgate-hill, for five yards and a half of of woollen cloth; a gentleman came to me, in consequence of which I took the cloth from the prisoner.


                  HENRY 
                  GIBB
               



             sworn. - I am twelve years of age; I am servant to Mr. Brock; he sent me to Mr. Pineger's for five yards and a half of woollen cloth, about ten or eleven o'clock in the day, or it might be between eleven and twelve; the prisoner came and tapped me on the shoulder, and asked me if I was not Mr. Brock's boy: I said, yes; she asked me if I had not been to Mr. Pineger's; I said, yes; she said, she was his servant, and he had sent her off in a great hurry, to see if she could see me; she told me I was to go back for the same quantity of drab, and some stuff for breeches; she said, I was to make all the haste I could back, I was to give her the bundle, and she was to take it on to my master's; I gave her the parcel, and went back to Mr. Pineger's; I saw her go towards Cornhill; when I went back to Mr. Pineger's, I found that he had not sent after me; I went back to my master's, and was then sent to the Mansion-house directly; I am sure the prisoner is the same woman.


                  THOMAS 
                  ARLINGTON
               



             sworn. - I am a woollen-draper: I was passing along the Poultry, on Friday, the 12th of this month; I observed Mr. Brock's boy, whom I knew, in conversation with a woman; he had two cuts of cloth under his arm; I waited a little time at the end of the Mansion-house, and observed the woman coming with the two cuts of cloth under her arm; she passed me, and crossed over towards Cornhill; she stopped at the corner, and turned round, as I supposed, to see whether the boy was gone; she then turned back, and crossed to Lombard-street; she then began to run, which gave me a suspicion; I immediately ran after her; she turned into Dove-court, and there I stopped her, and told her I knew the boy very well; she said, so do I too, and that I will let you see; the cloth is mine; she then led me across Cannon-street to Laurence-Pountney lane; I then told her she should not go any farther; there were some people about; I requested they would take care of her till I fetched the boy's master; he came and gave charge of her.
(
               
                  John 
                  Wainwright
               



            , a constable, produced the cloth, and a pattern-card, which the prosecutor had sent by the boy.)
Prisoner. I beg for mercy, my husband has been on board his Majesty's ship the Glatton these three months; I am guilty, and beg for mercy.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
