






324. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EATON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     EATON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Francis-Jonathan 
                           Robotham
                        




                     
                  , Harriet his wife, and others of his family, being therein, about the hour of four, in the afternoon of the 24th of March
, and stealing three pair of gold ear-rings, value 12s. a gold fancy ring, value 5s. and a pair of metal ear-rings, vaue 5s. the property of the said Francis-Jonathan
            .

FRANCIS-JONATHAN ROBOTHAM
             sworn. - I live at Hampstead


: The glass of my shop-window was broken on the 24th of March, I believe, between the hours of three, and six in the afternoon, and three pair of gold ear-rings taken, worth twelve shillings, a gold fancy ring, and a pair of metal earrings; I never saw the prisoners, till they were brought to my house, about six o'clock the same evening; I was from home at the time when they were brought back; they were searched, but no property found upon them.


                  THOMAS 
                  MASON
               



             sworn. - I live at Hampstead: On the 24th of March, between three, and four o'clock, I saw the two prisoners standing by Mr. Robotham's window, and between four and five there was an outcry of some things being gone out of the window; upon that, I followed in pursuit, the prisoners had got as far as Pancras Workhouse; I took them both, but there was nothing found upon them.


                  CHARLES 
                  WHITING
               



             called - Q. How old are you? - A. Ten.
Q. What is the nature of a oath? - A. Not to tell lies. (He is sworn.)
I saw the little boy
, 
               
                  James 
                  Eaton
               



            , throw away the ear-rings by a wall, at Hampstead; I picked them up, and gave them to 
               
                  John 
                  Nash
               



            ; Mason and Nash had them in custody at that time, (the earrings produced); these are the rest that I took up.
Q. What time of the day was it that you saw them thrown away under the wall? - A. About five o'clock.
Q. (To Mason.) What time was it when you took them? - A. Between four and five.
Q. How came you not to search them? - A. I did not know that I was obliged to search them; I did not know any thing about it.


                  JOHN 
                  KENT
               



             sworn. - I was with Whiting; I saw the ear-rings thrown away.
Q. Do you know any thing of the prisoners? - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  NASH
               



             sworn. - I received the ear-rings from these two little boys.
Robotham. These are my ear-rings.
Q. Then of course you do not know who was in the house at the time of the robbery? - A. My wife and family were in the house.
Q. You were not at home? - A. No.


                  William 
                  Eaton
               



            's defence. We had been ill of a fever for a month, and we took a walk to Hampstead for the benefit of our health.
William Eaton, GUILTY, aged 20.




               Of stealing goods to the value of 4s. 6d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
James Eaton, GUILTY, aged 10.
Of stealing goods to the value of 4s. 6d.




               Judgment respited
            




.
First-Middlesex Jury, before Lord Kenyon.
