





587. 
               
                  
                     MATTHEW 
                     COLE
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he on the 11th of July
, was servant
 to 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Pearson
                        




                     
                  , and was employed and entrusted by him to receive money, for and on his account, and that being such servant, so employed, and entrusted, did receive and take into his custody 8 s. 9 d. On account of his said master, that he afterwards fraudulently did embezzle, secrete, and steal the same
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  PEARSON
               



            . I am a baker
 in Fore street, Cripplegate


; the prisoner came to me on Thursday July the 6th, and continued with me till the Monday following; he set spunge on the Monday afternoon, went out and stopped all night; he came the next morning between nine and ten o'clock. I told him he might go about his business, I should not employ him any longer. The next week Mrs. Sibley brought a bill back for which he had received the money the week before, and had not brought it to account.
Q. Had you received the money - A. No.
Q. How much was the money - A. Eight shillings and nine pence halfpenny.
Q. Was he entrusted to receive money for you - A. Yes, and he was to account for it; here is the bill that Mrs. Sibley gave me.
Q. Whose writing is 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Cole
               



             to the bill - A, The prisoner's.
Q. Upon the oath you have taken, did he ever bring this to account - A. He did not.


                  CATHERINE 
                  SIBLEY
               



            . Q. You are a married woman, are you - A. Yes.
Q. Do you deal with Mr. Pearson for bread - A. Yes. I paid that bill to the prisoner; he gave me that bill and receipt on the 11th of July.
Q. to prosecutor. What day did the prisoner quit your service - A. On the 19th of July. I believe; it was Tuesday morning.
Prisoner's Defence. I received the money in the afternoon, I got a little in liquor, I spent the money; I am very sorry for it indeed. I sent a man to Mr. Pearson to tell him when I got a constant place, that as soonas I had staid a week I would pay him the money. Instead of that he deceived me, he did not go.



               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
