





868. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HIGGINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of October
 a watch, value 3 l. 10 s. a gold broach, value 8 s. two gilt chains, value 1 s. two gilt seals, value 2 s. a watch key, value 1 s. a silver pencil case, value 3 s. 6 d. a silver tobacco stopper, value 2 s. a tooth pick, value 8 d. two thimbles, value 2 s. a penknife, value 1 s. and a pair of scissars, value 8 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Jonas 
                           Levy
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  JONAS 
                  LEVY
               



            . I am a watch manufacturer
, I live in Whitechapel


. On the 17th of October in the afternoon, on my returning from the Exchange, about five o'clock, I saw the prisoner in the cellar, he was my errand man
, which caused me to go down; I there saw my foreman, accusing him of something; my foremansaid he had found some cards with an impression on them, which the prisoner claimed as his; I took the card in my hand, and asked him how he came by them. He said he bought the seals in Holborn that he made the impression with; there were two seals found by the side of his box, which two seals looked like my property. In his box I found two more seals, and a gilt chain, which looked as if they were my property; I sent for an officer, he searched him, I saw a watch found on his person.
Q. How long had he lived with you - A. About a month.


                  ROBERT 
                  COOMBES
               



            . I am an officer. On Tuesday the 17th of October, Mr. Levy sent to me, I went into the cellar; in the prisoner's right hand coat pocket, I found this hunting watch, chain and seal to it. I searched his box, there I found a gold broach.
Prisoner's Defence. Master said he would recommend me to mercy. I am very much afflicted both in my legs and arms.
Q. to Prosecuter. What may the value of these things be altogether - A. I value them at 35 shillings.




               GUILTY
            , aged 23.
Of stealing to the value of 35 s. only.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury before Mr. Recorder.
