





295. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of February
, a pocket-book, value 1s. and seven duplicates, value 3d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Illman
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ILLMAN
               



             Sworn. - I know nothing of the prisoner: I lost my pocket-book near Temple-bar


, containing some loose papers of no value but to myself.
Q.Will you swear your pocket-book was worth a shilling? - A. Yes, it cost me more.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PEARSON
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, No. 33, Norton-salgate: The prosecutor had pledged things with me, and he called upon me on the 25th of February, to stop the tickets, in case any body should offer them; 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Solomons
               



             brought me some of the tickets.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SOLOMONS
               



             sworn. - I never saw the prisoner till the morning after he was apprehended; on the 25th of February last, I went to Mr. Pearson's, with a duplicate, to get the goods out of pledge; I had it of my father.
- SOLOMONS sworn. - The prisoner called upon me on the 25th of February, about nine o'clock in the morning; I never saw him before; and asked me if I would buy any duplicates of him; I told him, I never buy any dupicates, I must see the goods before I buy them; he must take them out first; he said he could not do that, because he wanted money; he left me the duplicates, and after he was gone a few minutes, he turned back and asked me how long it would be before he could have an answer what he could get for the goods, when I should redeem them; I told him he might call in the afternoon, I should send for the goods; I asked him if they were his own property, he said yes, they were; he came about four o'clock, and I told him my daughter was gone for them, and if he would come in again about seven, I would be there; my daughter came back, and said the duplicates had been stopped; the next morning the prisoner came about seven o'clock, and I detained him. (Produces four duplicates.)
Pearson. Here are three more duplicates that I stopped from Mr. Solomons's daughter. (Produces them.)
Miss Solomons. These are the duplicates I gave to Mr. Pearson; they are duplicates of things pledged with him by Mr. Illman.
Prosecutor. These are the duplicates that I lost; they were in a secret part of the pocket-book, sealed up.
Prisoner's defence. I picked up these duplicates, wrapped up in a piece of blue paper, in the Strand.
Prosecutor. It was a very large morocco pocket-book, as big as a bible; it contained papers of very great value to me, and two protested notes; the loss of them has been the ruin of me.
GUILTY. (Aged 49.)
Of 


               stealing, but not privily from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
