





607. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CAMERON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of July
, two Half-crowns, a sixpence, eight halfpence, and one farthing
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Clements
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  CLEMENTS
               



             sworn. - I am a baker
, in Great Russel-street


: On Friday, the 11th of July, about four in the afternoon, I went into a room behind the shop, and when I went into a shop again, I saw the prisoner lying across the counter; he had got the till drawn out to the utmost extent, and the money in his hand; he had got his hand in the part where the silver was; I ran round the counter as quick as possible; I pursued him; he ran down a passage till he got near Mr. Griffith's brewhouse, where he was stopped by a witness that is here; I never lost sight of him; we brought him back to our shop, and there he begged for mercy, and said he would give up what he had taken if I would let him go; upon which be produced one half brown and four-pence farthing; he said he had done it through distress, that he had got a wife and one child; and in our way to Bow-street he begged we would let him go, and he would confess all he had taken; then he told us he had taken two half-crowns, one sixpence and four-pence farthing; then when we got to the office the other half-crown and sixpence, were found upon him: he told us in the room where he was in custody that he intended to have it all if he had not been detected; he could not get the till out, he was prevented by a screw that goes through the counter to stop it; I took him to Bow-street, and he was commited; I cannot swear to any of the money.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLLINS
               



             sworn. - I am a carver and gilder: About four o'clock in the afternoon of Friday the 11th of July, I heard the cry of stop thief; I turned round and saw the prisoner running, and Clements following him very close; he ran down Earl's-court. where the houses were pulling down; I ran round and met him; I put up my hands and stopped him; Clements immediately came up, and we took him back to the shop, and there he begged for mercy, that he was a man in distress; he produced a half-crown and four-pence farthing, which he said was all he had taken; we took him to Bow-street, and in the way to Bow-street, he said he had done it all through distress; if we would let him go he would confes all; he then produced another half-crown and sixpence, and said if he had not been detected, he meant to have had all.(
               
                  William 
                  Pickering
               



            , the officer, produced the half-crown and sixpence, and the prosecutor produced the other half-crown and four-pence farthing.)
Prisoner's defence. I sent to Pickering, when I was in Tothill-fields, for the three shillings, and he sent me word he would keep it till the sessions, on purpose to do me; I wish you would look into it, for it is made up among them.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 27.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before. Mr. RECORDER.
