






685. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SIMPSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     GEE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 23d of July
 a watch, value 3 l. a ribbon, value 1 d. a seal, value 1 s. and two keys, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Dearlove
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  DEARLOVE
               



            . I am a journeyman baker
. I live in St. Agnes-street, Old-street road. On July the 23d I was coming down Holborn about one o'clock in the morning, I stopped at a watering-house, the corner of Bartlett's-buildings, Holborn


, to have a quartern and a half of gin. I was in company with Mr. Hughes and his wife. We stood there a considerable time waiting for it, there came one of the watermen that watered the horses, and pushed me in right between two men. One of the men took my watch out of my pocket, his name is Simpson; he ran a little way down Holborn, and I after him; I got hold of him by the coat-tail. Gee followed after me and struck me on the knee with a stick, and then he struck me on the side of the hand, which caused me to fall; then Simpson delivered the watch into Gee's hands.
Q. Did you see him - A. Yes, Simpson returned back again up Holborn, then he was taken in custody by the watchman. 
               
                  George 
                  Gee
               



             run down Holborn, after that I was informed at the watering house where Gee used, I found him on the 5th of August.
Q. Are you sure he is the man - A. Yes, I stood ten minutes at the door of the public house, I saw them there all that time, I have no doubt of his person.
Q. Did you ever recover your watch again - A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREENFIELD
               



            . I am a watchman in Holborn. On the 23d of July, about one in the morning, I heard a cry of watch and thieves; I saw Simpson run as if to go up Holborn, and then he made a turn as if to go down Holborn. I jumped off the pavement, and seized him; the prosecutor came and declared he was the man that snatched the watch out of his pocket. I took him to the watchhouse.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BORAM
               



            . I am a constable of St. Andrews, the man was brought in by the watch-man between the hours of one and two, we searched him and found nothing.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNES
               



            . I apprehended Gee on the 5th of August at the public house, the prosecutor said he was one of the men that robbed him.


                  GEORGE 
                  BISSETT
               



            . I am a tallow chandler and oilman, King's head court, Holborn-hill. On the night of this robbery, I was going up Holborn-hill, seeing a good many people at the corner of Bartlett's buildings, I had the curiosity to stop to see what was the matter, I heard a man call out he had lost his watch, he pointed to a man that was just walking off the curb into the middle of the street, he said that man has got his watch, he gave some foul language, and said how could he think so, he called out watch, the watchman laid hold of him; I believe, I am not certain, he knocked the watchman down on the curb-stone, and made his escape down. hill, as fast as he could; the man that lost his watch he pursued him, and through running I do not know which way he fell down likewise, I think he fell because he never came up to him, therefore he made a great oration.
Q. What when he was down - A. Yes, he said he was robbed, he made an oration while he lay on the ground; he sung out in that kind of way as if he was dead, he complained that he was bruised, and he had hurt himself, I saw the man go past the church and the watchhouse, I returned back again, he laid hold of another man, he said that was the man that had taken his watch.
Q. Then the first man that run past the watch-house, made his escape - A. He did, I am perfectly satisfied he had a short jacket, I think he had an apron on likewise, I am not certain of that, he laid hold of another man just at the same place where he had challenged this man facing of the public-house, they dragged him to the watch-house; out of curiosity I stepped into the watch-house, and heard the examination, the man said he had been robbed of his watch, and that was the man that had taken it. I made an observation to the officer of the night, that he had challenged another man with taking the watch. I believe I did say why did not he lay hold of me.
Q. I wonder he did not do so - A. He was cut about the mouth, and very much intoxicated.
Q. They did not lay hold of you - A. They did not.
Q. I wonder they did not. Did you know these men before - A. No I knew none of the party, the officer of the night knew me, he made it known to the party.
Q. How came you to be out at that time of the night - I am often out late of a Saturday night.
Q. Now, how much of what you said is true - A. I did not expect what I had got to say was to be doubted, I came forward out of humanity, his sister came to me last Monday or Tuesday.
Q. to Prosecutor. Do you remember seeing Bisset there - A. No, I never lost sight of Simpson before he was taken.
Q. Was the watchman knocked down - A. Yes, there was an old watchman knocked down in the kennel I think by Gee; I had just got hold of Simpson by the tail, and the watchman fell down behind him. Gee ran down Holborn.
Q. Can you take upon you to say that man Bissett was not one of them - A. I cannot say whether he was or not, there was about half a dozen of them at first round the place.
Q. to Boram. Do you know Bissett - A. I have some slight knowledge of him, he came to the watch-house, he made an observation that the prosecutor accused another man that passed the watchhouse. I was not satisfied; I committed Simpson. The prisoner abused me when I took him up to the alderman; he said I knew Bissett; I said I knew where he lived, and through that information they found him out.
Q. What is Bissett - A. He serves some of the butchers in Fleet Market with candles.
Q. to Greenfield. When you heard the cry of stop thief first, was there another man runningran down Holborn and pushed down a watchman at the corner of Bartlett's buildings.
Simpson to prosecutor. Who gave charge of me - A. The young man that is here.
MR. HUGHES. I was in company with the prosecutor on the night this happened; we had been up Holborn, we were coming home, we stopped at the corner of Bartlett's buildings, Dearlove wanted to get something to drink, they would not serve him, the door was shut; some person pushed him away; my wife was with me, we walked towards Thavies inn; I heard Dearlove call out; I gave charge of Simpson when I saw him running.
Simpson said nothing in his defence.
Gee's Defence. I was not there at the time; I was in bed.
SIMPSON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24.
GEE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
