





96. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     HOPTHROW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of December
, an apron, value 2 s. an handkerchief, value 6 d. two pair of stockings, value 2 s. a pair of shoes, value 3 s. a cloak, value 3 s. and a petticoat, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Davis
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  DAVIS
               



             sworn. On the 10th of December I missed the stockings and the shoes, I missed the other articles about a month before; she owned that she took them before me and Mr. Trott, the officer who apprehended her.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TROTT
               



             sworn. On the 10th of December I was applied to by the last witnesses's husband, to take the prisoner on suspicion of stealing several things in his house, which I did I searched her and found four or five duplicates. I went to her lodgings on Saffron Hill, and in a teacup I found several duplicates. I have seven altogether, applying to goods stolen from the prosecutor, which I produce.


                  JOHN 
                  NORRIS
               



             sworn. I am a pawnbroker's servant. I produce a petticoat pledged in November last, I took it in myself of the prisoner, I gave her fourpence on it. The silk cloak I produce, was taken in on the fifth of April, 1805.


                  JOHN 
                  SHORTER
               



             sworn. I am a pawnbroker's servant. I produce a red and white cotton handkerchief, a pair of woman's shoes, and two pair of white cotton stockings, which I took in of the prisoner, and a white apron. (The property identified by the prosecutrix.)
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witness to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
