





57. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MUZZERED
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of October
, 29lb. of beef, value 16s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Barnard
               




             the younger
.
WILLIAM BARNARD, jun. sworn. - I am a butcher
 in Shoreditch; I do the principal part of my business in Leadenhall market


: On the 24th of October, in the morning, I was there selling my beef; my young man, 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Thomas
               



            , gave me information there was some beef gone; I had seen the beef altogether a very little time before in the tray, I think not more than five minutes; I sent my young man to see if he could make any discovery; he returned in about ten minutes, saying that he had taken two pieces of beef from the prisoner; I know them to be mine by the cut, and the fellow pieces corresponding with it; I did not see any thing of the prisoner for more than a month afterwards, I saw him at the office in Worship-street.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Do'nt you know that the prisoner came of himself to Worship-street to answer this charge, without being apprehended or taken there by an officer? - A. I do not know.
Q. Do you cut your beef different from all other butchers? - A. I cut off the fore rib different from any other butcher, I think, except one.
Q. That one butcher, perhaps, lives in Lezdenhall-market? - A. His stand is next to mine.
Q. Then will you venture to swear that that cut is different from his? - A. I know it by the cut and the corresponding pieces.
Q. Do you mean to say, that if your neighbour has beef of the same cut and the same quality, that you can distinguish one from the other? - A. I have no doubt it is my beef; I admit it is a possible case; but my neighhour did not lose any that morning.
Court. Q. Are beasts so much alike that a piece of one beast will correspond with a piede of another beast, though cut alike? - A. They will not in every particular.
DANIEL THOMAS sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Barnard: On Saturday, the 24th of October, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I missed two pieces of beef from a tray; I went into the hide-market to look after it, and saw the prisoner and Sparrowhawk very busy just by a truck; I saw the prisoner help Sparrowhawk up with the beef in a tray; I stopped him and asked him where he was going with it, and he said it was Mizzered's; I desired him to carry it back; and the prisoner said, d-n my eyes, is it your master's; says I, yes it is; he said, oh, I thought it belonged to that sat b-r over the water, or else I would not have taken it; I took it back and gave it to my master.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. 
               Q. 
            Sparrowhawk was taken before the Magistrate, was not he? - A. No; he came to our house, and when she prisoner was found he went before the Magistrate.
Q. When you stopped Sparrowhawk the prisoner did not run away? - A. No.
THOMAS SPARROWHAWK sworn. - I am a butcher's porter in Leadenhall-market: On the 24th of October, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner standing in the Hide-market behind a truck; he asked me if I wanted a job; I said, yes; he said here are two bits of beef, leave them for me at Mr. Draper's; I took them up, and just as I turned the corner of the Hide-market Mr. Barnard's lad stopped me, and I brought the beef back; I said, Mr. Muzzered you have brought me into a nice predicament, I shall acquaint Mr. Barnard how I came by them; he said to the boy, d-n my eyes, do they belong to your master, I did not know that, or else I would not have took them, I thought they belonged to that fat b-r over the water; I then went away.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You knowby the story you have now told you save yourself from being prosecuted? - A. That is more than I know.
Q. Why, do you expect to be prosecuted now; - A. No.

Q. 
            If you had not found some person to have laid it upon you would have been liable to answer for this charge? - A. If had done the fact I must have abided by it; I am not a person of that description if you enquire my character.
Prisoner's defence. I was ill in bed at the time, and as soon as I was able to get out I went to the office and surrendered myself; I wish to call Mr. Neville.
For the prisoner.
GERMAINE NEVILLE sworn. - I am a butcher in Leadenball-market; I have known the prisoner eighteen or nineteen years.

Q. 
            What has been his general character? - A. I would not wish to say. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
