





317. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     M'CARTHY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of March
, one cock, value 2 s. and two hens, value 4 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Miller
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  MILLER
               



            . I live at No. 75, Old Gravel-lane


.
Q. Did you keep any cocks and hens. - A. Yes, I kept four hens and one cock.
Q. Did you keep them in the yard. - A. They were taken from the roost, they roosted upon the coalshed door, they had just gone to roost. A little before six I went into a neighbour's house; about half an hour after that a woman called at the door of the house that I was in, Mr. Miller, make haste home, there are theives in the house robbing you. I instantly went home, I saw the house full of people and among them was the prisoner. He was charged with killing three fowls; when I saw him two hens and the cock were laying at his feet.
Q. Did you know the poultry to be yours. - A Yes.


                  MARY 
                  MILLER
               



            . Q. Are you the wife of the other witness. - A. Yes, we keep a coal-shed
. I was standing in my shop, I heard the fowls flutter, I went into my yard, I saw the cock laying on the ground by the coal-shed door dead; I saw the prisoner walk down to the bottom of the yard, trying to get out, with a hen in each hand, they were dead, I saw them alive just before I saw the prisoner. I secured the prisoner myself; as he was getting out of the yard he tumbled over a board of the fence that was down, and I held him down.
Q. What was the value of the cock and the hens. - A. They are valued at seven shillings and sixpence.
Q. Did you know this cock and hen to be yours. - A. Yes, I bred them.
Prisoner's Defence. I was very much intoxicated with liquor. I did not know what I did, I have lived fourteen years in the neighbourhood, I always got my living by hard work.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
