





362. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GROVER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of March
, a sack, value 2s. and two bushels and a half of oats, value 12s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Batt
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Batt
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BATT
               



             sworn. - I live at West Drayton


: on the 13th of March I lost two bushels and a half of oats, or thereabouts, from my cart; the oats were found by the constable.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Is the carter here? - A. No.
- STONE sworn. - I am constable of the parish of West Drayton; On the 13th of March William Batt appled to me; the prisoner was cutting chaff in my barn, near the cart; I searched my own barn, while he was gone to get some beer, and found two bushels and a half of oats in a sack; I immediately went to Batt, to let him know I had found them; after Grover had locked the barn up, and left work, between seven and eight o'clock, Mr. Batt came to examine the oats, and see if they were the same; he said, they were his oats, and likewise the sack; about ten o'clock at night, Batt's brother locked me and his brother into the barn, and went away; while we were locked in the barn, about a quarter before twelve, Grover, the prisoner, came, and tried with a key; after that he hit eight or ten very had knocks against the door, and it opened; he then came into the barn, took the oats upon his back, and just as he had got into the road, I got over the barn lift after him, and immediately collared him; he then threw the oats down, and immediately resigned himself up to me.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You know nothing of their being taken away? - A. No.
Q. Who the person was that took the oats, you cannot pretend to say? - A. No.
Q. He might be only the receiver, for any thing you know? - A. I told him, if he would tell me if any body had played the rogue with the oats, I would give him five pounds.(The sack was identified by the prosecutor).
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Lord Kenyon.
