






318. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LANE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WATSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of April
, a silver watch, value 4l. 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Greenwood
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREENWOOD
               



             sworn. - I am a journeyman cabinet-maker
, No. 4, Vine-court, High Holborn: On the night of the 26th of April, I was waiting near my own lodgings for a young man who lodges in the same house, I saw three men coming up Holborn


; when they had got opposite me, one of them said, silence for plunder, and snatched away my watch.
Q. Did it come quite out of your pocket? - A. Yes, it came clean out; I immediately laid hold of the man that took it, which was the prisoner; he handed it to a man at his left hand, who made off with it; I still kept hold of the man who took it; I told the young man to go and fetch the watch man; he went, and fetched the watchman, and in that time the other man had made off; then one of them came back, and asked what was the matter, and the soldier wanted to get away; he said, do you think I have got your watch? I am a King's man; and then opened his outside coat, and shewed me his red coat under it; I told the young man that was one of them, and he secured him.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I am a journeyman cabinet-maker; I was with the last witness; I had been at a benefit-society with this young man, and, coming home, I met with a young woman of my acquaintance, and I stopped to speak to her, and he went on a little way, and waited for me;then I saw three men come up Holborn, and, when they got opposite this young man, they stopped; I looked round, and saw he had hold of the soldier; the other men ran away; the other prisoner was one of them; I went after him, and he ran; I followed him, and secured him.


                  JOHN 
                  BROUGHTON
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman; I came up, the two prisoners were in custody; I took charge of them, and conveyed them to the watch-house.
Lane's defence. I was at a public-house, where there was a pay-table, till ten o'clock; this man is a stranger to me; I was going along, humming a song to myself, and, when I came up to this man, I was humming the words "impatient for plundet;" he immediately laid hold of me, and said I had got his watch.
Watson's defence. I was going up Holborn, and this man laid hold of me, and said I had run away with the watch; I, being alarmed at that, did attempt to run; I never saw this man before.
Lane, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.
Watson, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 35.





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Me. Common Serjeant.
