









247. 
               
                  WILLIAM-GEORGE 
                  HARRISON, otherwise 
WILLIAM KENTISH





            , 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     DEALY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     JONES
                  




               
            , 
               
                  ISRAEL 
                  DAVIS
               




            , and 
               
                  JANE 
                  BULLOCK
               



            , were indcted, the two first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of January

, a wooden box, value 10s. a hat-box, value 6s. a miniature painting, value 10l. a gown, value 10l. two gold crosses, value 25s. a pair of ear-rings, value 3s. a shift, value 5s. a pair of shoes, value 3s. a necklace, value 10s. two petticoats, value 10s. a shirt, value 12s. three yards of gold lace, value 10s. two petticoats, value 30s. a yard of muslin, value 5s. a pair of breeches, value 10s. four neck handkerchiefs, value 4s. four pocket-handkerchiefs, value 8s. two pair of gloves, value 5s. four pair of silk stockings, value 50s. a pair of knee-buckles, value 5s. a turban and feather, value 5l. a pair of bracelets, value 2l. and two yards of ribbon, value 1s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Browne
               



            ; and the other three for 


               feloniously receiving the same goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWNE
               



             sworn. - I am a Captain in the Navy
; On Monday, the 18th of January, I hired a porter to carry two boxes from the west end of the town into Coleman-street; on one of the boxes there was my name, and I gave a card to the porter, with my name on one side, and the directions on the other, to Capt. Hepworth, No. 44, Coleman-street; the boxes contained the articles stated in the indictment, (repeating them); there were some few cards of ribbon, but I cannot say how many; I could swear to all the things if I saw them.
Cross-examined by Mr. Montague. Q. Do I understand you right, that you could swear to all the articles, except the ribbon? - A. Yes, all, except the ribbon.
THOMAS CARPENTER sworn. - I am a greengrocer, and go on jobs; I received a couple of little boxes from Capt. Browne, on the 18th of January, with a card of directions to Coleman-street; I took them home, and was taken very ill, with a coughing and bleeding at the nose, which compelled me to employ Samuel Butler, a boy, to take them for me.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BUTLER
               



             sworn. - I am rather above thirteen years old; On the 18th of January I received two boxes from Carpenter, and a card with them, which I was to carry to No. 44, Coleman-street, Old Jewry; about a quarter past twelve o'clock in the day, when I got down to Drury-lane, I was asking my way, when Armfield, whom I did not know, came up to me, and asked me where I was going; I shewed him the card, as I cannot read; he asked me what I was to have; I told him, a shilling; he walked with me a smartish distance, and told me to keep strait down to the bottom of Holborn, and then ask again; I went on till I came facing Great Turnstile, when Harrison came up to me, and said, is not that CaptainBrowne's box; yes, I said, it is; he said he was waiting for it, and was scolding like any thing and asked me where I had been so long, and whether I was not to have a shilling for my trouble; I told him I was, which he gave me, and I gave him the boxes; then Dealy came up, and said, which is the way to St. Giles's; I said, straight on; says he, if you will shew me which is St. Giles's church I will give you sixpence; I walked a good way with him towards St. Giles's, but before we came there he turned up a street, looked up to some windows, and said to me, stop here, I shall be back in a minute or two; I staid about three minutes, and finding he did not come back I went home, and told Carpenter I had met the man who was coming for the boxes, and delivered them to him. I am sure Harrison is the man I delivered the boxes to; and that Dealy took me up towards St. Giles's.
Cross-examined by Mr. Montague. Q. What day was this? - A. On a Monday.
Q. When did you see Armfield afterwards? - 
               A. 
            Almost a fortnight after, at Hatton-Garden; I did not know him at first, I was there three times, the last time I knew him; nor could I swear to Harrison at first, but I know he is the man I delivered the boxes to; I am quite sure of them both.


                  THOMAS 
                  ARMFIELD
               



             sworn. I am a swordcutler, and steel-worker, by trade: I have known Harrision about nine or ten months, he is a beadblower by trade, and I have known Dealy about a year and a half, or better, and, as far as I know, he is a painter and glazier: On Sunday the 17th of January, we met, and made an appointment to meet on Monday, at the Pea-hen in Gray's-Inn-lane, the corner of Baldwin's-gardens, facing Gray's-Inngate, to go out thieving; we went from there about half past eleven o'clock, and at the top of Holborn we saw this boy, with a mahogany box and a hatbox in his hand; Dealy told me to go over the way and see where he was going; I went over to him, and he was inquiring his way to some place, I asked him what place he wanted; he said he wanted the Old-Jewry; I walked down a little way with him, and said, what place in the Old-Jewry do you want; he pulled a card out, and on it was written Captain Hepworth, No. 44, Coleman-street, Old-Jewry; and on the other side was Captain 
               Browne
            ; he told me he had come from Captain Browne's, near Fitzroy-market, and he as to have a shilling for carrying the boxes; I went with him as far as Southampton-street, and told him to keep on, and to ask again; then I went over from Southampton-street, and saw Harrison and Dealy; it was agreed Harrison should go to the boy and give him a shilling, and get the boxes, but he said he had not got a shilling; upon which I gave him one, and he run down Holborn till he came about a hundred yards below Great Turnstile, then he crossed over, and met the boy at the corner of Featherstone-buildings, where he accosted the boy, and gave him something, but what it was I cannot say, and the boy gave him the boxes directly; then Dealy went up to the boy, spoke to him, and went up Holborn with him; Harrison went to his lodgings, in Baldwin's-gardens, with the boxes, and the course of a quarter of an hour, Dealy, Harrison, and I, met together at his lodgings; 
               
                  Jane 
                  Bullock
               



            , who lives with Harrison, was present when we opened the boxes, and took out the articles; there was miniature picture, a pair of gold bracelets, two gold crosses, a gold pin, and some gold lace, and other articles, which we took down to Jones, who is a jeweller, and lived in New-street, Shoe-lane, and asked him if he would buy them; he said, he could not, any otherwise than as old gold; I asked him where he would meet us; he said, at the Three Kings, on Clerkenwell-green; we met, and there the miniature was broke up to see what gold it was set in, the picture was burnt, and he allowed us twenty-eight shillings for the whole of them; after we got the money, we went to Harrison's lodgings, and were informed by Bullock that Davis was to be there soon; he came in about an hour and a half, and we shewed him the property; there was muslin gown trimmed with lace, a turban trimmed with lace, and a white feather, and many other things which I cannot remember now; we asked ten guineas for them; he offered four pounds, which we agreed to take, and he sent for something to drink; he put them in his old clothes bag, and we all went with him to his lodgings in Rosemary-lane; his wife was not at home, and he said he never did any thing without her; at last she came, and then he said he had over bid himself, for he could not afford to give above three pounds, but we would not take it; then he gave me three one pound notes, half-a-guinea, a seven-shilling-piece, and half-a-crown's-worth of halfpence; we went then to the Pea-hen, and shared the money; there were a few ribbons left, which, I believe, Jane Bullock ahd, but she did not purchase them; Dealy had the box.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley Q. What trade are you? - A. A sword-cutler, but I did not then follow it; I have not worked at it these three years.
Q. Do you know Mr. Allen, of Long-lane? - A. Yes, I worked with him.
Q. Has he never charged you with stealing a gold watch from him? - A. No, he never did.
Q. Did he not turn you from his service on that account? - A. No.
Q. What did he accuse you so stealing? - A. I never knew him accuse me of stealing any thing.
Q. Are you a married man? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember living over the water some time ago, in furnished lodgings? - A. Yes, with my father.
Q. No where else except at your father's? - A. Yes; I lived in Lambeth-walk.

Q. Do you recollect being accused of robbing your lodging? - A. Yes; the person I lodged with there, was a woman of the town.
Q. What trade have you been, beside a sword cutler? - A. I work at coach smith's work.
Q. Have you ever been abroad? - A. Yes, I have been to sea.
Q. What induced you to go? - A. To serve the King, and nothing else, I swear.
Q. Did you not go to Mr. Tatham's at Charing-cross, and steal a pair of pistols? - A. No, he is here, and will not say so.
Q. How long were you at sea? - A. Three years ago; I was prossed.
Q. When did you go to serve the King first? - A. Six or seven years ago.
Q. Mr. Tatham never accused you? - A. No.
Q. Did you live with him as a servant? - A. No, I worked with him.
Q. What did you leave him for? - A. Like other young men; I left my work.
Q. Do you know Tothill Fields? - A. Yes.
Q. I ask you, on your oath, have you never been confined in Tothill-fields Bridewell? - A. I was one day, for playing with the girls in Leicesterfields, and we were taken up a disorderly, that is eight or nine years ago; I never was there for any felony, or such things.
Cross-examined by Mr. Montague. Q. You know Mr. Allen? - A. Yes.
Q. Has he never accused you? - A. He has, when I was there, lost property, but never accused me of taking it; he told other people it was me, but never accused me.
Q. On your oath, did he never accuse you of taking combs? - A. Yes.
Q. This is the only theft you have been concerned in? - A. Yes.
Q. That you swear? - A. Yes.
Q. Have you ever been at these Sessions before? - A. No; I am to appear in another trial; I am come to speak the truth.

Q. 
            You are not subpeoned, but attend voluntarily? - A. I do.
Q. Who was apprehended first for this? - 
               A. 
            Harrison was, on the 4th of February.
Q. By whose information? - A. By mine; I went before Mr. Baker; Inward took me before him, but I was not kept in custody; they promised me nothing; the advantage to myself is, to get out of that kind of company.
Q. Were there ever found in the house in which you resided, implements for coming? - A. No.


                  JOSEPH 
                  INWARDS
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Hatton Garden: In consequence of information I received from Armfield, on the 4th of February, I went to Dealy's apartments in Newton-street, Holborn, and found this box, a dark lantern, a number of picklock keys, a small crow, and a pocket-book. (Producing them.)
Prisoner (Dealy.) It is not my room.
Inwards. They told me it was, and his wife was in it, he was not at home.
Prisoner (Dealy.) It is not mine.
Inwards. Smith and I went then to Harrison's in Baldwin's Gardens, where we found him in bed with Bullock, but we found no part of the property; Dealy hearing we had been after him, sent for me, and surrendered; I found the ribbon on Bullock's head; Davis's lodgings were searched, and only a gold epaulet found; I went to Jones's, but found nothing there.
Cross-examined by Mr. Montague Q. Where was Armfield when you went to Harrison - was he in custody? - A. He never was kept in custody; the story he told the Magistrate was satisfactory, and he took my word for his appearance.
Q. In consequence of his information, did you go to Harrison's? - A. Yes.
Q. Did he apply to you voluntarily? - A. Yes, he did. (The box identified.)
Harrison's defence. I leave my case to my Counsel.
Dealy's defence. The box was not found in my room.
Davis's defence. I never saw the evidence in all the days of my life.
Jones's defence. I never had any dealings with the evidence at all, in any form whatever.
Harrison called three, Dealy two, Jones six, and Davis one, witness, who gave them good characters.
For the prisoner, Harrison.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALLEN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Where do you live? - A. I live in Long-lane, and am a steel-worker, and make fancy ornaments; Armfield and Harrison have worked for me, and Armfield often persuaded Harrison to go ut at nights with him, and leave his work; I suspected that Armfield had robbed me, which I told him, and he left his work in consequence of it, for fear I should prosecute him; he did not come for three months after; he sent persons to me to beg me to take him in again, as he was leading a bad course of life.
Court. Q. What did you accuse him with taking of? - A. Combs, and different things; he came to me again, in consequence of his friends saying they would be bound for him, and was with me about three months, during which time I gave him some little gold to melt, but when it came to be worked, it turned black, as though he had put brass in it; and I had bought a handkerchief, which he wished to have, and said, he would pay me for it; I said, no, but he went down stairs, and told my wife that I said he might have it, and took it away; he worked for me sixteen months in the whole, but I never knew of his being examinedbefore a Magistrate; I have heard him talk about stealing dead bodies, and selling them for two guineas a-piece, and that it was better to do that than any thing else.
Q. From your knowledge of him, is he a man you would believe on his oath? - A. No, he is not.
Harrison, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.
Dealy, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Davis, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 42.
Jones, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 38.





               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Bullock, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
