





455. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LOWE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 15th of April
, a leather trunk, value 10 s. three waistcoats, value 8 s. two pair of breeches, value 12 s. a pair of drawers, value 1 s. and a yard and a half of brown holland, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Macknamara
                  




               
            , esq.




                  SAMUEL 
                  HUFF
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  John 
                  Macknamara
               



             esq. No. 8, Derweston street, Portman square.On the 4th of April, I packed up all the things mentioned in the indictment, the trunk was put in the carriage; I can only speak to the property.
Q. All you know is that this trunk and the things contained in it are your master's property - A. Yes.
- BROWN. Q. You are in the life guards - A. Yes. On the 15th of April, as me and my comrade were returning from the stables, about twenty minutes past eight o'clock in the evening in Bank street


, between King street and Dorweston street, I saw a man in the front of us, he was about twelve or fourteen yards from us with a trunk on his shoulder; we heard the cry of stop thief, and instantly saw the prisoner lay the trunk down on the pavement; he instantly made for the middle of the road; I ran after him, and after his making a little resistance, I secured him on the road; I detained him till Mr. Macknamara came up asked him from where he had taken that trunk; he said some gentleman had given him two shillings to carry it some way for him; he asked him where the gentleman was, and where he was going to carry it to, he said he did not know; Mr. Macknamara cried out where is this gentleman that employed this villain to carry this trunk; the prisoner asked Mr. Macknamara to let him go; he said he would not, he knew he had stole the trunk out of his chaise at the door; while he went up to fetch his great coat, which he had forgot. There were no watchman or constable there; I took him to the watchhouse.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I know nothing more than what my comrade has related.
Prisoner's Defence. I was asked to carry the trunk by a gentleman, apparently to me; when I heard the cry of stop thief, I laid down the trunk; the man that employed me ran away.
(The property produced and identified.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
