






429. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  KING
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TUNBRIDGE
                  



               
             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of April

, two casks, value 20s. and eighteen gallons of beer, value 40s.
             the property of 
               
                  Marmaduke 
                  Sellon
               



            ; and the latter for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
 - UNDERWOOD sworn. - I am a cutler, in Great Turnstile, Lincoln's-inn-fields: On Wednesday the 20th of April, I was going down Lincoln's-innfields, on the side the dead wall is on, and I observed a dray standing next to the iron, rails, with the horses heads towards the iron-rails, in an unusual manner, and when I came opposite the dray, I observed two men behind it, one upon his knees with a cask standing upon the ground upon its head, and a peg in the head of the cask that laid on the dray; I observed one of the men pull the peg out of the cask that laid on the dray, and the beer run into the cask that stood on the ground; I thought it was not a common transaction, and I went and informed a neighbour in Holborn of it, who came along with me, and observed it likewise; I believe the prisoner, King, to be one of the men.
Court. After it had run out, what did they do with the cask that stood on the ground? - A. They listed it up, and put it on the dray.
Q. Did they fill it? - A. They were a long while about it, because it frothed so much, they laid it on the dray, and brought it round the corner going towards Great Queen-street.
DANIEL EDWARDS sworn. - My father is a brewer, in Holborn; Mr. Underwood pointed out the dray, and I followed it from Lincoln's-inn-fields to St. Martin's work-house, by Hemming's-row; I observed who was with the dray, King was one of them; I saw them lay down the ten barrels of beer which they had in the dray intoSt. Martin's work-house, and laid this cask, which they had filled out of the ten barrels, on the pulley which was behind, it is a ladder; they went back to Mr. Sellon's house, and on returning home, they left it at a little house on Back-hill; I cannot tell whose house; they went home and loaded again five hogsheads, and when they came out they called for the cask which they had left on Back-hill; it was an eighteen gallon cask, they took it down to the Westminster Infirmary, where they laid the five hogsheads down, then they went from there to Chiswell-street, the Coach and Horses, and they laid down this eighteen gallon cask which they had drawn off at the Coach and Horses.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. - Q. Have you been always sure that King was one of the persons? - A. Yes, I am sure he was one of the men.
Court. Q. Who keeps the Coach and Horses? - A. Mr. Tunbridge.


                  THOMAS 
                  EVANS
               



             sworn. - I am an Inspector for the Committee of Brewers, to inspect into the casks; I took a warrant to Mr. Tunbridge, and told him there was a warrant against him for an eighteen gallon cask of beer, we told him it was of no use to deny it, we knew it was on the premises, and when we told him so, he immediately shewed us the cask; it was in a back kitchen, under the bench, and while I was looking at this cask one of the people went into the back yard, and looked there, and there was an empty cask belonging to Mr. Sellon.
Court. Q. Was this cask in the back kitchen full or empty. - A. Full, the other in the yard was empty; I have got the marks of the brewers in my possession, and I can swear to their property; I can swear to Mr. Sellon's mark, it is W.S. and on the eighteen gallon cask there is his name in full.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Casks get into various hands? - A. They get to various public-houses in the course of trade.
Q.Whether they are the customers of Mr. Sellon, or not? - A. Yes, they do by accident.
Q. He shewed you this cask, which you had been describing? - A. Yes.
Q. He told you likewise he was not at home when it was brought? - A. I recollect him saying that the men had brought him a cask.
Q. He made no difficulty in shewing you this cask? - A. Not the least; he said that he was so busy, if they had one to leave it, and call to-morrow; to the best of my recollection those were his words.
Q. Do you know whether Mr. Sellon allowed so much for the drainings of the casks? - A. I believe not, none at all.


                  PATRICK 
                  DEVINE
               



             sworn. - On the 21st of this month I had a search-warrant, and I went to Mr. Tunbridge's house along with Mr. Evans, and there were two excisemen with him; I never saw him before; I found two casks of beer there; he said, that the men told him it was bottoms of tubs, and that it was their perquisites; as soon as I told him the business, he went into the wash-house, and told us where the beer was; he shewed us the cask afterwards in the yard.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You know Mr. Nares, the Magistrate? - A. Yes; I took him to the Office, in Hatton-garden; Mr. Bleamire was there; the prisoner was not committed at first; he was permitted by Mr. Nares to go away, and appear again.
Q.What was the first time you took him to Hatton-street? - A. I believe it was about three o'clock.
Q. What was the second time that he made his appearance at the Office upon the word of Mr. Nares and another Magistrate? - A. He came about six o'clock.
Q. In short, there were three hours in which he was at perfect liberty to go where he would? - A. Yes.(The casks produced, one full, the other empty.)


                  MARMADUKE 
                  SELLON
               



            , Esq. sworn. - Court. Q. Have you seen those casks? - A. Just now, and at the Office; these casks are my property.
Q. Do you serve the Coach and Horses with beer? - A. No.
Q. Do you know either of the prisoners? - A. One is John King; he was my servant at the time of this robbery on the 20th of April last; he was my drayman; I sent out two men with the dray.
The prisoners left their defence to their Counsel.
The prisoner Tunbridge called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.
The prisoner King called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.


                  John 
                  King
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




               Transported for seven years
            .
John Tunbridge, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
