






170. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of December
, a silver watch, value 30s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Jackson
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  JACKSON
               



             sworn. - I a servant
 out of place: On Christams-day last, in the evening, I lost my watch: I was in the King's Arms taproom, in Duke-street, Grosvenor-square


; the prisoner sat himself down by me; sometime after I went out; he follwed me, gave me a push, and plucked my watch out of my pocket, and run off; I followed, calling, stop thief; he got off; I went directly to the barracks in Portman-square, where the prisoner was brought to me in his shirt (for I enquired his name at the public-house) I knew him again; the serjeant has the watch here, which I know to be mine by the name, number, chain, and seal.
EDWARD LEES sworn. - I am serjeant of the first regiment of soot guards; the prisoner is in my company, and has been upwards of seven years; I called the roll over on the 25th of December, at Portman-street barracks, a quarter before nine, when I saw Clarke somewhat in liquor, but not so much so as he affected to be; I saw a chain of a watch hanging out, and knew he had no watch of his own at that time; at nine o'clock I went to deliver the report, and saw the prosecutor, who complained of having lost a watch, which Thomas Clarke had taken; I went back, and found Clarke half undressed; I told him to put on his shoes, which he was about to do, and stooping down, I observed him convey something not to his own bed, but to one four or five yards off; I immediately took it up, and found it to be a watch, which I have here. (Prisuces it, and identified.)
Prisoner's defence. I never saw the watch or man at all; I was at the Coach and Horses that night with my comrades. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
