





55. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTS
               



             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Catling
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eight in the night of the 24th of November
, and stealing nine pounds of sugar, value 10s.
             the property of the said Joseph.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CATLING
               



             sworn - I am a grocer
; I live at No. 21, Cow-cross


: On the 24th of November, I was sitting in my back room; I heard the shop-door go ajar; I leaned back in my chair, but could see nobody; presently, I saw a man slide out with something under his arm; I pursued him, and took him in Peter's-lane, about a hundred yards from the house; I brought him back to the shop; it was the prisoner at the bar; when I came into the shop, my wife had missed a loaf of sugar; a poor woman had brought the sugar in, broke in half, which she had found in the dirt; I kept it till the next morning, and then I delivered it to Lammas. (
               
                  Edward 
                  Lammas
               



             produced the sugar).
Catling. I saw him drop something, but I did not see what it was; I had the fellow loaf in the shop; I had seen them both not a minute before.
Q. How was your door fastened? - A. By a latch; I had shut it but the minute before, and in opening the latch, it gave the window a jar where I was sitting; I immediately looked round, and saw the prisoner; I never lost sight of him till I took him.
JANE MORGAN sworn. - On the 24th of November, a man past me, about fifty yards from Mr. Catling's, and dropped a loaf of sugar.
Catling. When I took him, he said he only came into the shop for half an ounce of tobacco.
Prisoner's defence. I went into the shop for some tobacco; there was nobody there, and I came out again; I ran, because it rained hard; I am as innocent as a child unborn. 


               GUILTY of stealing the goods, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            . - 


               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
