






692. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BYGRAVE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Dallas
                        



                     
                  ,  Esq 
. about the hour of five in the afternoon, on the 25th of August
, 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Smith
                        



                     
                   and others being therein, and feloniously stealing one silver sugar-basket, value 20s. a pair of silver sugar-tongs, value 7s. a china bason, value 1s. twelve silver tea-spoons, value 20s. and a silver cream-pot, value 10s. the property of the said Robert
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MEADOWS
               



             Sworn. - I am a stonemason; I was at work next door to Mr. Dallas's: On the 25th of August, between ten and eleven o'clock, I saw the prisoners, and Whalley, loitering about backwards and forwards, and looking down the area of Mr. Dallas; I saw them again about five o'clock, and saw White go down the steps, the other two were against the railing that forms the square; White brought something up, but I cannot say what, and gave it to Bygrave; I made an alarm, and they ran away; I pursued them, and saw Bygrave throw his hand out, but whether he threw any thing from it, I could not tell; the servant got over the rails afterwards, and I saw him pick up a china bason, and a boy take up the silver basket, and give it to the servant; the boys escaped them, but I saw them the same evening come round to look for what they had thrown over the rails; I went to call one of the servants, and when we came up again, they were gone; they were taken the following Monday, and I know them to be the same lads.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



             Sworn. - I am butler
 to Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Dallas
               



            : On the 25th of August I missed the things stated in the indictment; I had taken them out of the plate-chest at twelve o'clock.(The articles produced and identified.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRIGWELL
               



             Sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Dallas, and took the bason cut of the Square, after it was thrown over; I found it on the border.


                  JOHN 
                  WHALLEY
               



             Sworn. - I am fifteen years of age, and knew the prisoners about a fortnight before the robbery: On the day the robbery was committed, White and Bygrave came to me, in Broad-street, Bloomsbury, and asked me if I would take a walk; I said, no; they asked me again, and I agreed to go; we went down Russel-street, and White went down a great many areas, but brought up nothing; we went along till we came to Mr. Dallas's, when White went down, and hoisted up the window; I saw him, for I set upon the steps at the same door, and Bygrave set upon the stones that goes round the rails; White came up to me, and bid me go down, and fetch, up the property; I did, and brought up the bason, with some spoons and a silver basket in it; Bygrave said, d-n you, give it to me, which I did; when we got to the corner of the square, somebody halloaed out, and he threw the bason over the rails; I got over into the garden, and they ran off towards Dyot-street; I met them again, in about five minutes, at a place called Rag-cattle, in Dyot-street; Bygrave put the spoons under his arm, in his coat, and took them to Mrs. Sherwood, in Bowl-yard, St. Giles's, who buys stolen property, as I have heard; she said she would not buy any thing before me; I went into the passage, leaving Bygrave with her; presently she called me in, and said, she had agreed to give Bygrave twenty-eight shillings for the spoons; he said to me he had not received all the money for them, and when she paid him the rest, he would give me the whole of my share, and gave me half-a-crown; on the Sunday night following, I was apprehended; we went by again in the evening, thinking to find the bason, but did not.


                  EDWARD 
                  CROCKER
               



             Sworn. - In consequence of information, I took the prisoners in Dyot-street, St. Giles's.(The basket, ladle, spoon, and bason, produced and identified.)
The prisoners did not say any thing in their defence. White, GUILTY, aged 19,
Bygrave, GUILTY, aged 21,




               Of stealing to the value of 20s.
            






               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
