





404. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault upon 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Johnson
                        




                     
                  , on the 23rd of April
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person a sixpence, eighteen halfpence, and a bank note value 1 l. his property
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I live at Portsea; I came to obtain some pension money at Greenwich. On the 23rd of April, near eleven o'clock at night, I was coming from St. Martin's lane


 towards the Haymarket


, I met the prisoner, I asked her the nighest way to Piccadilly; going along she asked me to give her something to drink; I gave her a pint of ale; we stood at the liquor shop while she drank it.
Q. Did not you go into any room with he. - A. No; we came out of the liquor shop; she then began to board me, she came to close quarters, she felt at my pantaloons.
Q. Did you feel her hand in your pocket - A. No, but I felt her very busy about my person; I took hold of her hand, I never let go of her afterwards.
Q. What was in her hand - A. I smelt her hand and I knew there was a one pound note in it.
Q. Did you open her hand - A. No, I could not; I kept my hold; she threw my hat over my head, still I would not let go my hold; she slapped me on both sides of my head, then I called the watch.
Q. Did she get away with any thing of your property - A. No; I did not let go my hold; after that I went to the watchhouse to have her safe moored, there I delivered her up to 
               Gregory
             the constable; he had a good deal to do to get her hand open, he unscrewed her hand, she dropped the one pound note; it is my property.
Q. You saw the note drop did you - A. Yes, I knew it to be mine by the smell of it, and by the name on it; I happened to have a bottle of bergamot in my pocket; it was stained with it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GREGORY
               



            . Q. Was you constable of the night - A. I was; I produce the note; Johnson came in the watchhouse in a strange kind of a state, with his handkerchief tore off his neck, and with a thick rough coat on; he had hold of the girl, he brought her in; he says I have boarded her at last; he delivered her into my custody; I thought he was joking, the woman said nothing was the matter; he said she had got a note of his; she said I will be damned if I have; Johnson said it was wrapped in a piece of brown paper, and he knew the note by the smell of it. I desired her to open her hand; she refused it; I rubbed her hand and got it open; I took this note out of a small bit of paper, the same paper it is in now.
Q. Has it any particular smell - A. It has now, of bergamot.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me the note; he wanted to take great liberties with me, he hit me upon the breast; I called the watch, I gave charge of him, and he gave charge of me.
Prosecutor. I did not give her the note, I gave her nothing but something to drink.
GUILTY, aged 30.
Of 


               simple larceny only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
