





67. 
               
                  ANN 
                  LONG
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of November
, a silver pint mug, value 5l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Lewis 
                           Peacock
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
RICHARD PEACOCK sworn. - My father keeps a house
 in Chancery-lane


: On Saturday, the 21st of November, between eight and nine in the evening, being informed the mug was missing from the side-board, and the prisoner being suspected, who lived at No. 20, Ship-yard, we got a constable and went to her apartment; the constable went up first and called Mrs. Long, but she did not answer; then we went into her room, were we found her; she seemed agitated; she was searched,but no trace of the mug could we find till I saw it in the possession of Mr. Fleming.
JAMES ROSS sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Peacook, law-stationer, in Chancery-lane: On the 21st of November, about five o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came with some apples, and said she brought them from Mrs. Roache's; I left her within the passage door and went up stairs with the apples, I brought down one shilling and six-pence, which I gave her, and she went away; when I came down I found her where I left her; sometime after I went to clean the plate and missed the pint mug, which I had seen on the side-board in the dining-parlour at three o'clock; the parlour door opened into the passage, and was open while the prisoner was in the passage; I did not see the mug again till I saw it at Bow-street on the Monday.


                  ROBERT 
                  HALE
               



             sworn. - (Produces the silver pint mug). I am a pawnbroker; the prisoner pawned this mug in the name of Keys, on the 21st of November, about half past six; I know her to be the woman, as she had been a customer to the shop; she said it belonged to Mr. Keys, of the Temple. (The mug identified.)
Prisoner's defence. I took the apples to the house, but am innocent of the crime.
GUILTY, aged 32.




               Of stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
