





509. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 8th of July
, a copper saucepan, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Tapper
                  




               
            .
ELEANOR TAPPER sworn. I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Tapper
               



            , I live at the King's Head, White Lion street, Seven Dials


.
Q. Did you on the 8th of July lose a copper saucepan. - A. Yes; the prisoner at the bar had been drinking in my parlour for two hours and a half, the saucepan was in a little side kitchen; my husband said to me he is in and out of that kitchen, then we both watched him, we saw him come out of the kitchen with his two hands before him, he had a large coat on him, I saw something behind him, he had the handle of the saucepan between his legs, he pretended to be very tipsy; this was about eight o'clock, we had just lit the candle, we lighted him out of the house; I then went into the bar, my husband and a young man, who is a witness, went after him and brought him back with the saucepan.


                  JAMES 
                  TURNER
               



             sworn. I produce the saucepan; I was in the public house in the parlour with him and others, he was in company with seven of us; the prisoner went into the back kitchen, I saw him take something from the top shelf, I could not see what it was, I thought it did not belong to him, I tapped Mr. Tapper on the shoulder and told him, he was very busy, I took hold of him by the coat, he lifted up the saucepan to knock me down, I received a blow from him with this saucepan which I found upon him; he would not deliver up the saucepan to me, I called out to Mr. Tapper, he came, and we secured him; this is the saucepan I took from him.
Q. Did he appear to you to be deprived of his senses at the time. - A. No, he appeared perfectly sober.
Prisoner's Defence. I was quite intoxicated in liquor, I know nothing about it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
