





130. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     DIXON
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of November
, three gowns, value 3l. 8s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Barclay
                     




                   in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Huckins
                     



.


                  SARAH 
                  BARCLAY
               



             sworn. - My husband is abroad: I am a mantua-maker, and live at No. 19, Queen Ann-street East; the prisoner came to me in the 28th of November, soon after eight o'clock in the morning, and said, I must go with her to Mrs. Lawson, for she had recommended me a very good customers; I said, I could not that minute, but would presently; she turned round to a gown that lay on the table, and said, it was very pretty, and asked if I had no dresses to bring her mistress; I said, I kept none. she went away for about a quarter of an hour, and returned again; I told her I was coming, and went with her part of the way, when she said she must call at a place; I went on to No. 17, Brook-street, but was not wanted, as Mrs. Lawson was gone to Weymouth; I then screamed but, and said, I was robbed; I went home, and said to my little boy, O Charles, it is a thief, what was she got? he told me she had been for some ins and paper, and a red gown, which he gave er; I have paid a guinea for one to the owner of it.


                  CHARLES 
                  BARCLAY
               



             sworn. - I am twelve ears old; and was at home when the prisoner came back, and said, my mother had sent her for he red gown, and some pins and paper; I gave her the red gown; was looking for some pins and paper when she took the other two.


                  THOMAS 
                  WEEKLY
               



             sworn. - I am a parish-officer, and took the prisoner; she said, will you forgive me? I said, how could she expect it; she would not tell where they were; we then found but where they were; 
               
                  Mary 
                  Manley
               



             had bought one of the black gowns, and given eighteen shillings for it to her.


                  MARY 
                  DOVER
               



             sworn. - Mary Manley had the gown on, and I bought it off her back, and gave her eighteen shillings for it.


                  MARY 
                  MANLEY
               



             sworn. - When I left my place, I had a few clothes, and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Dixon
               



             asked me to lend her them to pawn, to ger her things to go and meet her friend to; and at the same time she brought me this black gown, and asked me to buy it; I said, I could not then; she said, she would give it me for the money I had lent her; I sold it to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Dover
               



            , as I had allowed sixteen or eighteen shillings for it.
Prisoner's defence. They harbour all sorts of bad people, and I being distressed for a lodging, was obliged to be there very near a quarter of a year 
               
                  Mary 
                  Manley
               



             was servant with Mrs. Ellis, who will buy any thing if she thought it safe; she asks if it is safe, and then buys any thing; if not, then she sends it out of the house till it is settled.
GUILTY, aged 17.




               Of stealing to the value of 18s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
