





608. 
               
                  WALTER 
                  SHUT
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of August
, two cotton curtains, value 42 s.
             the property of the Rev.


                     Charles Thomas 
                     Heathcote
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I am gardener to the Rev. Dr. Heathcote, at Lower Clapton


. On the 21st of August, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I heard an alarm that the prisoner had stole some bed-furniture out of the drying-ground. I went into the fields. I saw the prisoner running across the fields, with a bundle under his arm. He got out of the fields into a lane. He was not half a minute out of my sight.
Q. Are you sure he is the same man. - A. I am positive.
Q. What did he do with the bundle. - A. He threw it over that field, and then he ran back again into the field that he came out of, and ran about half a mile before I took him: then I gave him in charge of another man. I went over the field and picked up the bundle.
Q. Does your drying-ground join the road. - A. No, it is at the back of the house; there is a thoroughfare in the field adjoining it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BAILEY
               



            . - I am a carpenter. I was at work by the side of Captain Dobree's field. I perceived them both running as fast as they could; the witness cried out stop thief, I joined in the pursuit; he then did not run above an hundred and fifty yards before we took him by the collar; he said do not collar me, I will go without. As we were coming home, the last witness asked the prisoner where the wet linen was; he said, I am not the man. We went out of the field into the road, till we came to Pound Lane, we went about an hundred yards down; the witness said, I think it is somewhere here where you throwed the linen; he answered, upon my word I am not telling you a word of a story, I saw a man throw the linen over between two trees. The witness left him in my care, and he found the linen exactly where he described it to be.


                  ELIZA 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Heathcote. I looked through a window into the drying-ground. I found the furniture gone. I had seen it abouthalf an hour before I assisted in hanging the furniture up. I ran to the gardener for him to pursue after the man.
Q. Did you see the man. - A. I never saw the man.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's defence. I had been down to Layton; coming up the lane I saw a person running down pretty sharp; the gentleman overtook me; he told me to stop, I stopped immediately; he said, what is become of the bundle you had under your arm, I said I met a person running, he throwed it under the hedge.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
