





505. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of June
, 200 pounds weight of lead, value 1 l. 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Page
                        




                     
                  , Esq
. fixed to a certain building
            .

And two other Counts, of like offence, only varying the manner of charging.
The case was stated by Mr. Curwood.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SELBY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Curwood. I live at Oxendon farm


.
Q. Who is your landlord? - A. Mr. Page.
Q. In that farm, is there a place called the gothic summer-house? - A. No; there is in a farm which I occupy about a mile further.
Q. Did you lose any lead from that building on the 9th of July? - A. Yes; we supposed that the people that took the lead could not be far off; we searched the summer-house from whence it was taken, and we searched the wood adjoining, and in the wood the prisoner and his wife were found sitting; at the time that I came up they had got the prisoner; I looked round and saw both the sacks of lead.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You did not live at this place where the lead was lost? - A. No, Mr. Page is the owner of the summer-house, it is in his possession.


                  JAMES 
                  ROLLS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Curwood. On the 9th of July, about half after eight o'clock at night, four of us went to the wood, we separated before we went into the wood.
Q. Did you find the prisoner at the bar and a woman sitting there? - A. Yes, the prisoner looked very hot; I asked him, what he did there, and whether he had been walking with that woman; he said, he had; I said, if he had he could not sweat so, the woman was cool sitting in the wood, he said did you never sweat so.
Q. How far is this wood from this summer-house? - A. Not a quarter of a mile, it all joins; the prisoner was sitting between two parcels of lead, one was three yards off, and the other was five yards off; I apprehended him.
Q. Do you know any thing of the knife being found there? - A. I had got the knife; it was found where I sat up all night.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. This was a very warm day when you found the prisoner? - A. Yes, it was in the evening.
Q. You were surprized at a man being warm in walking on the 9th of June? - A. Yes.
Q. You say the woman was sitting down - had not he been carrying a bag with broom? - A. They had no bag.
Q. I am told they had - the lead was not found in his possession? - A. It was as near to him as I am to you.
Q. Did you tell him you suspected him being there? - A. No; I asked him what business he had there; he said, he was lost, he had come the wrong road; and directly my master came up.
Q. He did not attempt to run away? - A. He could not run away, I had something in my hand; I produce the lead.


                  JAMES 
                  PUTMAN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Curwood. I am a plumber.
Q. Look at the lead produced by the last witness? - A. The lead was produced to me; I fitted it, and it corresponded with the place where the lead was taken off.
Q What is the weight of the lead? - A. Upwards of two hundred pounds.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
