





523. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     LAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of August
, two pounds ten ounces weight of bark, value 1 l. 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Jackson
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Manley
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Eldridge
                  



               
            .
(The indictment was read by Mr. Bolland, and the case was stated by Mr. Knapp.)


                  GEORGE 
                  MONKHOUSE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Bolland. Q. I believe you live with the prosecutors? - A. Yes; they are druggists


, in Pater-noster-row.
Q. What are the Christian names of the prosecutors? - A. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Jackson
               



            , 
               
                  Edward 
                  Manley
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Eldridge
               



            ; the prisoner was their porter
.
Q. Had the prosecutor any other warehouse than that in Paternoster-row? - A. Yes, in Ivy-lane: On Monday, the 5th of last August, about seven o'clock in the evening, I sent the prisoner to that warehouse to bring some senna; he went to this warehouse in Ivy-lane


, and I went after him; I did not go into the warehouse, but into an adjoining house.
Court. Q. Could you see over the warehouse? - A. No; I could see when the prisoner came out.
Mr. Bolland. Q. Was there any bark kept in that warehouse? - A. Yes, in the two pair of stairs.
Q. Was that room locked or opened? - A. Locked; the key of that room was tied to the others; he took the keys when he went to the warehouse, and when he came out from the warehouse, I observed his pockets filled with something bulky; when he got to Paternoster-row, he asked me if he might take the senna I had sent him for up one pair of stairs; I told him he might, and I would go and assist him in weighing it; he went up stairs, and I went after him, and during the time he was weighing it, I perceived that his pockets were extended; he then asked me to go out for a short time; I permitted him; I told him I would answer for him during his absence; I told him to take the senna with him, and leave it on the counter.
Q. When he left the house of the prosecutors, what did you do? - A. I ran into the accompting-house, and rang a bell that goes into Mr. Manley's house; he went out, and I followed him; when he had got about fifteen yards from the door, I told him I wanted him, and he came back with me into the shop, and Mr. Manley came into the shop at the time; I told Mr. Manley that he had got something about him; a constable was sent for, and he was searched, and there was found on him one pound four ounces of Peruvian bark in his pocket, and one pound six ounces in his breeches, wrapped up in a piece of cloth, which he took out himself.
Q. Had you told the prisoner that day to get any bark? - A. No.
Q. Was it a part of the prisoner's duty to go into the bark-room? - A. No; the charge of the bark-room was given to another man by Mr. Manley.
Court. Q. Have you distinct servants for bark and senna? - A. Not for senna; one man goes for bark only by Mr. Manley's order.
Mr. Bolland. Q. What did the prisoner say? - A. He said he was very sorry for it, he was guilty, and he had some bark in his lodgings; we went to his lodgings, and there we found twenty-five pounds of bark.
Mr. Gurney. Q. How long has he lived in the service of the prosecutors? - A. About eight or ten months.
- HUGHES sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I produce the bark I got from the prisoner.

(The bark identified by Mr. Manley.)
Q. How much a week had this man? - A. About eighteen shillings a week.
Q. Whereabouts is the value of that bark? - A.About eleven shillings a pound.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
