





601. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DIXON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Thorn
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of twelve at night, on the 17th of October
, with intent to steal and burglariously stealing therein, three shifts, value 12 s. one shirt, value 5 s. one habit shirt, value 2 s. a pair of sheets, value 8 s. a waistcoat, value 3 s. a night cap, value 6 d. a pair of stockings, value 1 s. six odd stockings, value 2 s. a child's petticoat, value 1 s. two handkerchiefs, value 1 s. and two yards of linen, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Thorn
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  THORN
               



             sworn. I live in the Bayswater Road


, I am a bricklayer
.
Q. Are you a housekeeper. - A. Yes, my house is in Paddington parish; all that I know is on the 17th of October I fastened the house, and went to bed about eleven o'clock.
MARY THORN sworn. Q. Do you know any thing about the house being broken open. - A. About half past three in the morning I heard a noise, I supposed it was the cats in the room, we have two large cats and they were put in the room adjoining on the over night; I had been awake about half an hour when I heard the noise, I did not take any notice, I told my husband I thought it was behind time for us to get up, I thought it was half past six, that is the reason that I knew the hour of the night, we looked at the watch, I found it was only half past three; I heard nothing more of it till about half past six in the morning, my husband came in, and told me that we had been robbed of the linen that I had washed of the overnight.
Q. Where had you left that linen. - A. In the adjoining room where I heard the noise, where the cats were.
Q. What are the things that you lost. - A. Three shifts and a shirt, there were more lost, some were not found.
Q. Who is the person that first found the house broken open. - 
               A. James Lawrence
            .


                  JAMES 
                  LAWRENCE
               



             sworn. I am a carpenter; in the morning as I came to work at six o'clock, passing by the window of Mr. Thorn, I perceived the shutter and the sash open, I knocked at the door, and the servant girl opened the door to let me have the tools, I told her that the window was open.
Q. Did not you go down and see how they came in. - A. I went in for my tools, they lay in the same room which had been broken open; I work on the premises.
Q.(to prosecutor.) How was the window opened. - A. It was opened by the man that took the things, I suppose.

Q.(to Mrs. Thorn.) Stand up, Mrs. Thorn, you have got more sense than your husband, how was this window opened. - A. I suppose it was opened at the time I heard the noise, and I suppose they had raised the bolt of the shutter and shook the window, and I supposed that was the noise that I heard in the night, it is a ground floor window.
Prosecutor. He must have got over some palings to get at the window, it is a trafalgar building, they are all enclosed, and there is no garden at all to it. When he got over the railing he could then very easily get into the house, by opening the shutter.
- CHAPMAN sworn. I am a farmer. On Sunday the 19th of October, I was walking about my ground, in the middle of my ground I have a wood.
Q. Where is your ground. - A. In the parish of Greenford.
Q. How far is that from this place. - A. Near nine miles. Going through the wood I turned my head round, and saw something white; I immediately made up to it, and when I got within twenty yards of it I saw the prisoner sitting and apparently picking marks out of a sheet; he appeared to be in that position. I went up to him and saw there was a large quantity around him, and he was in the middle of it, I said to him my friend, what do you do here, he said I am drying some clothes, I then laid hold of a part of it and it was wet; I said to him you scoundrel you have stole it; his answer was that he had found it; I then took him by the collar and secured his hands behind him; I told him I thought that if he had found it he had no occasion to come to so secret a place as that to dry it; I took him to a neighbourr's house, a constable, but he was not at home; I then took him to a Mr. Horner's, and he committed him to the cage, being Sunday, he was a new magistrate and almost the first time of acting; I then brought him to Bow-street and took care of the linen; it is here.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BAKER
               



             sworn. I am an officer of Bow street, I produce the property; these things were given into my custody, I traced the person who was the owner of them, and by the order of the magistrate, I was three days tracing them.
Q. Now Mrs. Thorn, look at these things. - A. The shirt is marked I. T. they are all my property.
Q. Are they all you lost, or only part. - A. Part.
Q. Did you lose a great deal more. - A. No, not a great deal, some he left in the basket in the yard close by the place, I have them again, he did not take them all, there is one mark in the sheet almost picked out.
Prisoner's Defence. I have nothing to say, I found the things on Sunday morning about a mile from the wood.
Q. Then you will call somebody who was present when you found them, we cannot take your word. - A. There was no soul saw me, I did not see any body about.
Q.(to Mr. Chapman) What time was it when you saw him on Sunday the 19th. - A. About eleven o'clock in the forenoon. When he was examined before the justice we found a night cap and two stockings belonging to these persons in his pocket.
Q.(to prosecutor) What time was your house broken open. - A.On Saturday morning.
GUILTY, aged 33.
Of 


               stealing, but not of burglariously entering the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
