





559. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GOOD, alias 
SWINBOURNE





               
            , was indicted for that 


               he on the 5th of February
, with 
                     
                        William 
                        Wallis
                     



                  , one pocket book, value 1 s. a miniature picture set in gold, value 21 l. and eight guineas and a half guinea, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Alphonso 
                           Maclean
                        




                     
                  , feloniously did steal
            .
The indictment was read by Mr. Bolland, and the case stated by Mr. Reynolds.


                  ALPHONSO 
                  MACLEAN
               



            . Q. Your name is Alphonso Maclean - A. It is.
Q. Where was you on the 5th of February last - A. On the 5th of February last I was going down the Minories.
Q. What business are you - A. None.
Q. Between four and five o'clock on the evening of the 5th of February last, where was you - A. Going down the Minories


.
Q. Were you alone, or in company - A. By myself.
Q. Did any thing occur to you there - A. Yes, there did; there were four or five gentlemen, I knew none of them; which men came at last, sometimes two before me and three behind me; and sometimes the contrary.
Q. Sometimes three before you and two behind you A. Yes. In consequence of a cart being round the corner it stopped close to the window.
COURT. The cart stopped round the corner, was it unloading - A. I cannot say what it was doing, it stopped close to the window.
Mr. Reynolds. Did any thing happen to you - The passage was very narrow between the cart and the window; in consequence of that some of the gentlemen were before me and some behind me, that had walked down with me; they forced close to me.
Q. Do you mean those before, or those behind you - A. Both ways; they forced themselves close to me. During the time the men hustled me I lost a gold mounted miniature picture, eight guineas and a half in gold, and odd silver; I cannot say how much.
COURT. What was all this in - A. The silver and the eight guineas and a half were in a small morocco pocket book.
Mr. Reynolds. In what pocket - A. My right hand coat pocket; I had no great coat on.
Q. How lately before had you observed your pocket - A. Not five minutes before.
Q. Where was your miniature picture - A. In the same pocket, I believe; it had a small morocco case made to fit, with a small gold chain and a small swivel.
Q. When you missed these articles what did you do - A. I put my hand into my pocket to prevent my property from being lost, as I was coming down the Minories.
Q. Did you do that while any of these men were behind you - A. I did. The cart came close to the wall, I put up my hands to prevent the cart from pressing me against the windows; I turned round in a fright, I asked a person if I had dropped any thing; the time was so short that I did not know whether I had dropped any thing, or whether it might be taken.
Q. What became of these five men - A. They were all dispersed directly the alarm was given.
Q. Then you made an alarm directly - A. Instantly. I asked if I had dropped something, and some gentlemen that were present, one of which was Mr. Baron, told me I had been robbed.
Q. You said they were all dispersed, how do you mean dispersed - A. They were gone one one way and the other the other; one ran into a shop.
Q. What did you observe with respect to either of the others - A. I did not see what became of them - one man afterwards was taken, Mr. Good.
COURT. One man ran into a shop, and the other man ran across the way - A. Yes.
Mr. Reynolds. Which man was that - A. A tall man in a light great coat; he ran down a passage, we could not take him; Mr. Baron was with me.
Q. Look at the prisoner, was he one of the five - A. He was one that was present.
Q. Was he one of the five - A. Yes, there were more people present.

Q. He was one of the five that surrounded you when your things were lost - did you observe him at the time, which way he went - Recollect yourself - you know it is some distance of time - recollect yourself again, you know you attended before the lord mayor the next day, whom we have here now - A. I did not observe which way he went.
Q. Recollect yourself - I am endeavouring to assist your memory - you were before the lord mayor the day after it happened to you - did you make any observation respecting the prisoner Good - A. I do recollect he walked away from the corner of the Minories, the corner of the right hand.
COURT. What, across the way - A. Yes.
Q. How soon was he taken - A. It was a very short time afterwards.
Mr. Reynolds. You have told me you have no doubt that he was one of the five men that hustled you - A. I have no doubt; but I cannot say who was the person that took the property.
Q. I did not ask that question - the man that you pursued to the shop he was taken - A. Yes, he was close to me at the time the property was lost.
Q. Now, sir, you have stated that five persons hustled you - were there any other persons than these five - A. Yes, there were other people.
Q. Were there any others close to you - A. Yes, there were; there were more people pushing at me.
COURT. If I understand you right, there were five people following you down the Minories, you put your hand into your pocket to protect your property - A. I did.
Q. Just as you came to the cart you took your hand out, you was hustled, and you lost the pocket book and the miniature picture - A. Yes.
Q. Which of the five men it was that took it you cannot say - A. I cannot.
Q. The prisoner was one of them - A. He was one of them; and he was one of them that followed me down the Minories.
Mr. Reynolds. This was on the 5th of February - we are now come in September - how came it that you were not here before - A. After I had been before the lord mayor the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Good
               



             came to me.
Mr. Gurney. I object to that. -
Mr. Reynolds. I would put this question to you - have you been a witness in this court from February down to this time - A. No, I have not.
Q. Was not you under recognizance before the lord mayor to appear here - A. I was.
COURT. Why was not you here - A. Application was made to me by the wife, and after I had missed the second session I did not like to attend.
Q. Do not you know it was your duty - A. Yes, but I was afraid.
Mr. Reynolds. I will ask you whether you was not subpoenaed to attend the second sessions - A. I was.
Q. After the second sessions were not you subpoenaed to attend - A. I had one subpoena; it was the second session, I believe, that I was subpoenaed.
COURT. Why were you afraid to attend - A. Because I had not come forward as I ought to have done. I did not like to come.
Q. You might have applied to somebody - A. I did not like to name it to any body.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. This was between four and five o'clock in the afternoon on the 5th of February - A. Yes.
Q. It was not very light then - A. It was between light and dark.
Q. It is a very public street, there were many people passing and repassing - A. Yes.
Q. And there were more than five persons surrounded you - A. Yes.
Q. I think I heard you say that you suspected that you had dropped it - can you say whether you dropped it, or whether any body took it - A. I cannot, because I stopped and asked if any body had picked it up.
Q. You have never been able to find any of your things ever since - A. No.
Q. Then am I to understand you to say, whether you dropped it, or whether it was taken from you, you cannot say - A. I cannot say.
Mr. Reynolds. You cannot say whether you dropped it, or whether it was taken from you - A. I cannot.
Q. Did not I understand you to say that your hand was guarding your pocket at the time you was between these men - A. It was so.
Q. Your money was in your pocket book - was the money and the pocket book and the miniature picture, separate from each other - A. They were in my coat pocket, and separate from each other.
Q. Now, how could you drop it - A. I cannot say how it was dropped.
Q. Then why have you said, you could not say whether you dropped it or no - if the miniature picture was in one parcel, and the pocket book in another, and your hand upon it, how could you have dropped it - A. My hand was in my pocket, but when the cart came so near upon me, I took my hands out of my pocket, to prevent the cart from hurting of me
Q. Do you mean to say that you told the lord mayor that you might have dropped it - A. I mean to state, that at the time I was before the lord mayor, I told the lord mayor that I turned round and asked the people if they had picked it up.
COURT. You never said any thing to the lord mayor about that - you said to the lord mayor the moment you took your hands away from your coat pocket, you missed them, they were in your pocket before - A. It was.


                  JOHN 
                  BARRON
               



            . Q. Where do you live - A. No. 1, Sparrow corner.
Q. Do you know Mr. Mc Lean, the prosecutor of this indictment - A. No further than the knowledge I had of him when that affair took place; I saw him on the 5th of February last, between four and five o'clock, round the corner; he was coming from the Minories, passing my door.
Q. Did you see any person near him - A. I saw five persons near him, of which the prisoner was one.
Q. How was the prisoner with respect to Mr. Mc Lean; before or behind him - A. Behind him, I knew at the moment they came round the corner that he was the person they intended to rob; I had observed the characters before in the neighbourhood; I recollected the faces of the whole of the five men; I had seen them very often every day; four or five times in the course of the afternoon.
Q. Then you have no doubt of the prisoner being one of them - A. I have no doubt at all.
Q. Did you see any of them do any thing - A. Two doors below my house a cart was unloading some furniture;the cart backed over the pavement, which made the passage narrow; it was in that situation or in that identical spot the property was taken from the prosecutor: I sprang over to that narrow part to take them, where the passage was impeded; I observed him to be completely surrounded by them at this time; he was in the centre of the whole; I observed some of the hands of some of the parties at his pockets, but I could not positively say which. Three of the men went forward, of which the prisoner is one, Wallis is another; Wallis went into a shop; one of the five men turned round and went towards the Minories again; Mr. Mc Lean turned round and seemed greatly agitated; he asked if any person had seen a miniature picture drop; he had lost a miniature picture: I told him I thought I could point out the man that had committed the robbery; I then took Mr. Mc Lean into the shop where Wallis was: he went into a clothes shop under pretence of buying a coat; he was very much agitated; I took Mr. Mc Lean into the shop, and had him secured; the prisoner Good was one of the three men that went down Rosemary lane; Good was not pursued, he was taken in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour after, as the prisoner Wallis was being taken to the watch-house; I kept the custody of Wallis, while Kinnersley brought Good to the watchhouse: I pointed out Good to him, he was on the opposite side of the way to what we were walking.
COURT. You are sure that man is the same person - A. Most assuredly Good is the same person.
Mr. Bolland. Did Mr. Mc Lean attend at the watch-house - A. He did.
Q. Was Good there - A. He was. Mr. Mc Lean said that he had observed the prisoner Good as being of the party that had followed him, and was sometimes before him and sometimes behind him, from Aldgate down the Minories.
Q. Did Mr. Mc Lean say any thing about the loss he had sustained, and what - A. He stated that he had lost a miniature picture; the other property was not mentioned till the next day, and he stated his reason for not mentioning that was, his agitation was so great for the loss of the miniature picture. They were taken the next day before the magistrate.
Q. Was it possible in the situation you were in that the pocket book could fall from Mr. Mc Lean without your seeing it - A. Totally impossible without my seeing it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. How many persons were surrounding Mr. Mc Lean - A. Five; I am quite positive there were not a creature else by the spot; it was a fine night and by no means dusky; there were no other person near Mr. Mc. Lean by twenty yards, excepting me; I was the nighest person to him; there was only one door between him and me.
Q. Do you mean to swear and to be understood that nothing could be seen to drop from him though he was surrounded by five persons - A. I do swear it.
Q. How long after this had taken place did you see the prisoner at the bar - A. About fifteen minutes; he had taken a circular direction; he had gone down Rosemary lane and come into the Minories; he was not in the same neighbourhood as the robbery was done; that was in Sparrow corner.
Q. Is that in the city of London - A. Yes, I am confident of it; and am certain he is the man.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KINNERSLEY
               



            . - Mr. Watson. What are you - A. An officer of the ward of Portsoken. On the 5th of February Mr. Barron came to me and told me there was a robbery; I went with him to Mr. Cumberland's house.
COURT. You took Wallis in custody then - A. Yes.
Mr. Watson. When you were going from there what happened - A. I saw Good, the prisoner, going up from Sparrow corner up the Minories; Mr. Barron and I had got hold of Wallis; Mr. Barron said there is Mr. Good the other thief, that was in company with him at the time; Mr. Barron went with Wallis to the watch-house; I went up to Good and told him he was a per- that I wanted, and I knew him well by being in the Minories before; I took him in custody to Aldgate watchhouse; he said for God's sake take me to a public house; do not search me in the street.
COURT. Did you tell him upon what suspicion you had taken him - A. Yes, on suspicion of a felony, in the presence of a numerous mob of people: I took him to the watchhouse and searched him; and found in his pocket a sham note and a few halfpence.
Mr. Watson. When you took him to the watchhouse was Wallis there - A. Yes; and Mr. Barron; Good then said in the presence of Mr. Barron; if the gentleman would advertise the property no doubt but it would come to light; he said it several times, and he said it going along to the compter; he said that he was no thief, that he was innocent of the charge that was alledged against him.
Q. Now I will ask you as an officer how many sessions have you attended in order to give evidence on this prosecution - A. Every sessions since last February.
Q. Have you ever seen Mr. Mc Lean here - A. No, 1 have never seen him here; I have seen him elsewhere.
COURT. Has the property ever been found - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. The anxiety that Good had upon his apprehension was his not being searched in the street - A. Yes.
Q. There were a vast many people there, he told you to take him into a public house and search him - A. Yes; I searched him and found this note, some halfpence and a clasp knife; they frequently fling the property away when they are taken.
Mr. Watson. Did you expect that he would fling the property away - A. I did, because the inhabitants had complained to me of them. I knew them; I have known him for a fortnight or three weeks.
Prisoner's Defence. At the time the prosecutor told me that he lost his miniature picture in the watchhouse; I told him he had better advertise it, probably he might find it again. My lord, and gentlemen of the jury - were I such a character as the witnesses represent me to be, I should not have held the situations in which I have been entrusted; in the year 1794 I was appointed principal agent to the navigation company, which I held eight years and a half, and in the course of which time many thousands passed through my hands to the general satisfaction of my employers, when I left that situation I went into the coal business; at the time this happened I was looking for another situation near Tower Hill; I was not in company with any one when I was walking up the Minories; I was accused of the charge whichI am now accused of; the prisoner Wallis is a stranger to me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 46.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
