





395. 
               
                  ISABELLA 
                  BARNES, alias 
RANCALIER





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of April
, a frock, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Stevens
                  




               
            .
SARAH STEVENS sworn. - I get my bread by selling things in the street.
Q. Are you a single woman
? - A. Yes, I am not married: On the 2d of April I sent my two children on an errand, at six o'clock at night; the oldest is six years old, and the other is three; the young child had a dark cotton frock on, when she left me; they had been gone twenty minutes when the woman, who sits at the corner of Leg-alley, Shoreditch, said that my little girl had been taken from my boy by a woman.



                  MARTHA 
                  NASH
               



             sworn. - I had been on an errand; I heard that a woman had ran away with the child; I ran down Bishopsgate-street after it, and could see nothing of the woman; coming home, I met the child in another woman's arms; directly the child saw me she cried to come to me, I brought the child home, and went down Bishopsgate-street with a piece of the child's frock, to see if I could find it at the pawnbroker's; I went to Mr. Clarke's, and Mr. Parsly said he had just taken it in, and if I had come five minutes sooner, I should have seen the woman. I found the frock at Mr. Clarke's.
- PARSLY sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Clarke, a pawnbroker; the prisoner at the bar, on the 2d of April, brought me a frock, which I now produce, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, a very few minutes before Nash came; I lent her one shilling on it; I am certain she is the person.


                  THOMAS 
                  HART
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I had the woman in custody; she acknowledged to me in the watch-house, that she pawned a frock at Mr. Clarke's.
Q. Did she say when? - A. No, I asked her how she came by it; she told me she could not tell; she was stopped in the street by Mr. Matthews, he being present.
JOHN MATTHEWS sworn. - I am a pawnbroker; I was headborough at the time this happened: I took this woman into custody; I had her at Worship-street-Office when I was informed of this; I went and saw this frock at Mr. Clarke's; I have known her these three or four years, she has been in the habit of using my shop; I had taken her up on another charge. (The frock produced and identified by the prosecutrix.)
Q.(To Parsly.) Had she pawned any other frocks at your house? - A. Yes, about three weeks before this.
Prisoner's defence. I really believe I did pawn the frock I cannot disown it, how or which way I came by them I know not.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
