





706. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FAULKNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of September
, six tea-cups, value 5s. six saucers, value 5s. two tumblers, value 1s. 6d. a goblet, value 9d. a bason, value 9d. and two butter-boats, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     Abbot
                  




               
            .


                  ANDREW 
                  ABBOTT
               



             sworn. - I am a dealer in china, glass, and earthen-ware
, at No. 82, Fleet-street


, the prisoner was my carman
: On the 28th of September, in the middle of the day, an old servant discovered some things secreted in a cellar among some straw, I went down and saw them; I desired they might remain, and the next morning there was an addition of six saucers, nankeen china; I saw no more of them till the prisoner was brought back with the things, mentioned in the indictment, upon him, they were packed in a basket.
THOMAS WAGSTAFF sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Abbott: On Wednesday the 28th of September, I saw some things concealed in the cellar, they remained there till Friday; the prisoner was suspected; we watched, and on the Friday evening, about six o'clock, the prisoner took an opportunity of taking them away, they were concealed under some straw; when he took them away, I was sent after him, and found him with the things upon him, and he acknowledged he had put them in the basket.
Q. Did you make him any promise? - A. No; I insisted upon searching him, and then he acknowledged it.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not tell you, when you came up to me, that I was sold? - A. No, he did not.


                  JOHN 
                  BADDELEY
               



             sworn. - I am packer to Mr. Abbott: I saw the things concealed, and I informed my master of it; I left them as they were, and my master ordered me to watch them.(
               
                  Robert 
                  Smith
               



            , a constable, produced the property, which was identified by Wagstaff.)
Prisoner's defence. I hope your Lordship, and the Gentlemen of the Jury, will be as merciful as you can, I have lived with Mr. Abbott nearly two years.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26,




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
