





410. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     WHITMORE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of April
, five shirts, value 3 l. 10 s. five handkerchiefs, value 20 s. and a waistcoat, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Horatio 
                           Lewis
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Benjamin 
                        Carter
                     



.


                  HORATIO 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I lodge in Arundel-street in the Strand


.
Q. What parish is it in. - A. St. Clements, Danes, I believe, I am not sure. The prisoner was servant
 in the house, she had lived there about two months; I missed several things before I took out the warrant; and on Sunday the 26th I looked over the inventory of my linen; I found there were eight shirts and cravats, waistcoats, and a great number of things missing. I went immediately to Bow-street for a warrant; on Monday they granted a search warrant, and the officer took up the prisoner as she was cleaning the windows on the first floor; I told the prisoner that several things had been taken from me, that I suspected her; the officer then searched her, and found two duplicates upon her; one was in her pocket, and one against her breast. She confessed the robbery, and said she had done it in order to purchase drink. I could not replace the things for twenty or thirty pounds.
Q. You did not understand her to confess that she took any one article at one time worth forty shillings. - A. Oh, no. I then went with the officer, Anthony, to look at the articles pledged, and there I saw one of my shirts, it is marked in full length with permanent ink.


                  JOHN 
                  LEDGER
               



            . Q. How came you by that property. - A. The sheet I did not take in; the handkerchief I took in of the prisoner at the bar; she pledged it for three shillings in the name of Field. The shirt was taken in by a person in the shop.
(The property produced and identified)
GUILTY, aged 22.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            

Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
