





25. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FLINN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 10th of November
, twelve brass locks, value 12 s. twelve keys, value 6 s. twelve iron locks, value 6 s. and twelve other keys, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Freemantle
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Branton
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Dessormeaux
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  DESSORMEAUX
               



            . The prisoner was employed by us to paint the premises in King street, Goswell street


; we are founders


 and engine makers


.
Q. Who are your partners - A. 
               
                  John 
                  Freemantle
               



            , and John Branton.


                  ROBERT 
                  MORTIMER
               



            . I am a servant to the last witness. On the 10th of November last, in the morning, the prisoner was seen to take three dozen locks; he went away then with them at two o'clock, and returned to work again on the same day; I put him to work up in the warehouse. I saw him put one dozen of locks in his pocket; after that I came into the front shop; he was seen to put another dozen in his pocket, by a lad that is in court, he came down and went out; I followed him as far as Old street, Goswell street, I collared him and one dozen of brass locks fell from him; I took him to the constable. He searched him, and found a dozen of iron locks in his possession.
THOMAS PHILLIPS. I am an apprentice to Mr. Freemantle. On the 10th of November I went up stairs for some nails for the carpenter; on the top of the stairs I saw the prisoner put one dozen of locks in his pocket; they were so wrapped up as they are now; I told the foreman; the prisoner went down the stairs, and went out of the shop; I shut the door after him; the man went after him.
The property produced and identified.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Grose.
