





495. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MACKARTY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of July
, two shirts, value 10s. a handkerchief, value 1s. a pocket-book, value 5s. and a pair of stockings, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Macklin
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MACKLIN
               



             sworn. - I am a stationer
 in Cheapside


; the prisoner was porter
 to me; he was accustomed to go into my room to fetch my coat and my shoes: I missed my property, and in consequence of information, I obtained a search-warrant to search the prisoner's boxes; the prisoner left my house last Friday, the 4th of July; he had taken one of his boxes away, and in the box that was left I found a shirt of mine; I had a constable with me; the prisoner had given up the key of the box to theAlderman, and the Alderman sent an officer with me to search the box; after that I went to his lodgings in Crane-court.
Q.How do you know it was his lodgings? - A.Only from the information of others: I found there a shirt, a handkerchief, and a pocket-book of mine.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. He left your house on the Friday? - A.He did.
Q. Do you mean that he left your house voluntarily? - A. No, he was taken from the house.
Q. He did not leave your house till he was compelled by law to leave it? - A. No.
Q. Do I understand you right that his boxes were at your house? - A. No; I meant to say, at his lodgings, there was one left behind.
Court. Q.What do you mean by one being left behind? - A.The other was taken away while I was endeavouring to get a search-warrant.
Mr. Knowlys. Q.Did you yourself ever see two boxes in that room? - A. No, I only know of one.
Q. Then why do you talk of two - there is something that strikes me a little extraordinary: you now charge him with stealing two shirts, a handkerchief, a pocket-book, and a pair of stockings; he was committed last Friday, was he not? - A. Yes, he was.
 Upon your oath, even on last Saturday did you ever charge him with stealing more than one shirt? - A. I did not at that time, because the box was not searched.
Q. Do you mean to say that the box was not searched on Saturday, when Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Eamer
               



             committed him? - A. I certainly do mean to say that.
Q. When he was before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Eamer
               



             you had only found one shirt and a neckcloth? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you before the Alderman charge him with stealing that handkerchief which you had found before he was committed? - A. A handkerchief and shirt were in his lodgings.
Q. Upon your oath did you charge him with stealing a handkerchief? - A. He was charged with stealing a handkerchief and a shirt.
Q. My question to you is this, and you cannot mistake it - did you before the Alderman charge him with stealing a handkerchief which was then found? - A. I certainly charged him with stealing a handkerchief.
Q. Then the Alderman only committed him for stealing a shirt; I will read you the commitment: Mr. Kirby produces the commitment; Mr. Knowlys reads it)? - A. That is one linen shirt.
Q. Then did you or not charge him before the Alderman with stealing a handkerchief? - A. The handkerchief was in his lodgings certainly.
Q. I will have a direct answer to a direct ques--; my question is - as you had found the handkerchief before he was committed, did you or not charge him with stealing that handkerchief? - A.I certainly known the shirt to be mine.
Q. Now I will try you for the fourth time-upon the solemn oath under which you now stand to give evidence, did you before the Alderman charge him with stealing the handkerchief, aye or no? - A. The witness that is with me spoke to the handkerchief; I did not charge the handkerchief because that handkerchief I had not seen.
Q. Now be so good as have recourse back again to your memory; did you not tell me that you had, before the Alderman committed him, found a shirt and a handkerchief? - A. The handkerchief I have a witness to prove was there.
Q. Did you not state, but a little while ago, upon your oath, that you had, before the Alderman committed him, found both a shirt and a handkerchief? - There certainly was only a shirt produced before the Alderman.
Q. Did you not, but a little while ago, tell the gentleman of the Jury that you had found a shirt and a handkerchief, before the Alderman committed him? - A. The prisoner was committed under two witnesses, one that was with me.
Q. Hear the question again - did you not, a little while ago, tell the gentlemen of the Jury that you had found the shirt and the handkerchief before the Alderman committed him? - A. I can only speak to the shirt.
Q. Did you not tell the Jury that you had found a shirt and a handkerchief before he was committed? - A. I did, in consequence of the witness that is with me; the Alderman certainly committed him for a shirt and a handkerchief.
Q. Did you not tell the Jury that before the Alderman committed this man, you had found a shirt and a handkerchief? - A. I certainly found the shirt; the witness can speak to the handkerchief.
Q. If you will not answer me I shall certainly apply for a very serious proceeding against you, and have you committed - I ask you again, did you not say to the Jury -
Court. It does not at all follow that a Magistrate may not make a mistake; I have the deposition in my hand, in which he says exactly as he does now, and that the witness spoke to the handkerchief.
Mr. Knowlys. If your Lordship looks back to your notes, you will find that he has said that he found the handkerchief and shirt before the man was committed.
Q. Did you not swear to that Jury that you had found, before the Alderman committed him, a shirt and a handkerchief? - A. I certainly swore to a shirt.
Q. I will state the question again, and see if you understand it - have you not already sworn here, that before the Alderman committed this man, youhad found a shirt and a handkerchief? - A. I cannot swear to that which is not true.
Q. Is what you said before then not true? - A.I swore to the shirt, and the witness to the handkerchief.
Q. Did you or not say to this Jury, that before the Alderman committed the prisoner, you had found the shirt and the handkerchief; and I will have an answer if I am here till twelve o'clock at night? - 
One of the Jury. We heard him say so.
Q.As that is the case, how came you to give my Lord the last answer, that you had not seen it? - There were two handkerchiefs.
Q.How came you to put but one in the indictment? - A. I did not wish to put more in.
Court. Q. You found this shirt in the box that was left behind? - A. No; it was in the lodgings, but not in the box at all.
Q. Where was the handkerchief? - A. The handkerchief was in the lodgings; the shirt, silk stockings, and pocket-book were all found after he was committed.
Q. You have spoke of two boxes - at first every body supposed they were at your house, and then at the lodgings, and then you knew only of one box; did you find any thing in that box that you charge the prisoner with? - A.Nothing.


                  JOHN 
                  CRESS
               



             sworn. - I am a constable of Farringdon ward within: Mr. Macklin sent for me on Friday evening last, to his house in Cheapside; I took the prisoner to the Compter, and the next day he was committed; I went with a search-warrant to the prisoner's lodgings.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. How do you know they were his lodgings? - A.The woman of the house told me so, Mrs. Colton; I found there two pair of silk stockings, a shirt, and this pocket-book.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You left the prisoner in gaol, and did not take him to this house to hear what he might say to any thing? - A. No.
Q.(To Macklin.) Who took away the shirt that was produced before the commitment? - A. I did; the constable was with me.
ELIZABETH COLTON sworn. - My husband is a bricklayer; I live in Crane-court, Foster-lane; the prisoner has lodged with me about a month or six weeks; he lodged in the garret with another young man; my husband has worked for Mr. Macklin once or twice; I saw the shirt in the room; with J M upon it, Mr. Macklin's initials; he told me his master had given it him; he was taken up on the Friday evening; in the course of the afternoon he had been at our house; he had two boxes at our house; he came to our house to dine, and brought a knot with him to take away one of his boxes, which he did, loaded; the other remained at our house; Mr. Macklin came in the evening, after he was taken up; the shirt was hanging upon my line, which Mr. Macklin looked at, and there was a cambric pocket handkerchief which I had not hung up; Mr. Macklin came in again, and asked if I had one, and he claimed that; the handkerchief was in my own room; I had been washing, and had not hung it up; I had been washing a shirt also for him; I delivered the shirt to Mr. Macklin, and the handkerchief; but I cannot exactly say when I gave him the handkerchief; I went before Sir 
               John
             the next day; Mr. Macklin produced a shirt, and a handkerchief was spoke of, but I believe not produced; but I was very much flurried, and cannot say positively.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q.You have washed these things for him some considerable time? - A. Yes; and he said his master had made him a present of them.
Q. The young man took one box away? - A. Yes.
Q. He did not make the shirt away, but left it with you to wash? - A. Yes; I had given him notice to quit our lodgings, and he was going away.(The property was deposed to by Mr. Macklin.)
Q.(To Macklin.) Was that handkerchief produced before the Alderman, or not? - A. It was not.
Q. Had you at that time received it from the witness? - A. I cannot say whether I had or not; there were two handkerchiefs, one of them a muslin one, one that was spoke of before the Alderman.
Q.(To Mrs. Calton.) Do you know any thing of two handkerchiefs? - A. Yes; there was a beautiful worked muslin handkerchief which Mr. Macklin said was his.
Q.(To Macklin.) Was the cambric handkerchief your's? - A. No, I had borrowed it of a young lady; the mark has been taken out.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. How long had this man lived with you? - A.Nearly two years.
Q. In the course of that time it is not uncommon for masters to give servants clothes? - A. I never gave him any in my life.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
