





446. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HUMPHREYS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th of July
, two sheets, value 8 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Kemp
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging room
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  KEMP
               



             sworn. I live at the Black Lion, Berwick street, St. James's


, I am a victualler
. On Saturday the 26th of July, about seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner enquired of me if I could let him have a lodging, I let him a lodging for two shillings a-week, he slept there on the Saturday and on the Sunday evening; on the Monday morning he went away about eight or nine o'clock, I never saw him again till I saw him at Worship street office; when the girl went to make the bed the sheets were missing from the bed.
Q. Did you ever find your sheets again. - A. Yes, they were pledged at the pawnbroker's.


                  RICHARD 
                  BERRY
               



             sworn. I am a pawnbroker; on the 28th of July, a pair of sheets were pledged at my shop for seven shillings, by a man of the name of Williams, I cannot recollect the man, I took the pledge in; I produce the sheets.
(The sheets identified by the prosecutor.)


                  JOHN 
                  RAY
               



             sworn. I am an officer of Worship-street, the prisoner was brought to the office in custody on the 22d of August; there were a number of duplicates found upon him, they were given to me by 
               
                  William 
                  Lack
               



            ; I produce the duplicate, I went to the pawnbroker's and found out the property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LACK
               



             sworn. I am an headborough of Islington; I apprehended the prisoner on the 22d of August, I searched him, I found upon him forty-three duplicates; this is one of them that Mr. Ray produced, I marked it.
Prisoner's Defence. I never slept in that man's house in my life, I do not know any thing of the sheets.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Sutton
               



            .
