





725. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     MAYNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he, being in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Russell
                        



                     
                  , on the 16th of September
, feloniously did steal, a pair of boots, value 15s. a pair of false tops, value 3s. a pair of leather breeches, value 10s. a coat, value 10s. a waistcoat, value 3s. a pair of stockings, value 2s. a neck-handkerchief, value 6d. and a pocket-handkerchief, value 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Willis
                        



                     
                  , and that he being in the said dwelling-house, and having committed the felony aforesaid, about the hour of twelve in the night ofthe same day, did burglariously break the said dwelling-house to get out of the same
            .
BENJAMIN WILLIS sworn. - Q. Do you know Thomas Russell? - A. Yes, I rent a room in his apartments.
Q. Where does he himself live? - A. He did live in the house at the time of the robbery.
Q. Where was his house? - A. In Great Wild street


; on the 16th of this instant, I lost a pair of boots, a pair of leather-breeches, a coat, a waist coat, and a neck-handkerchief, a silk-handkerchief, and a hat.
Q. When had you seen them? - A. I had left them in the room at eight o'clock in the evening, I missed them the next morning about seven o'clock; the prisoner asked me to let him sleep with me.
Q. What time was that? - A. About four o'clock in the evening of the 16th; he went away an came again at eight o'clock in the evening; he asked me to go with him to have a pipe of tobacco, and some porten, at a public-house; I went with him, and we came home about eleven o'clock, and went to bed; I awoke about six in the morning, and found the prisoner gone.
Q. Did any body else sleep in your room? - A. No; I fastened the door myself, and in the morning I found the door a jar.
Q. Are you sure it was fastened the night before? - A. Yes; I knocked up the people at the landing-place opposite, and while I was dressing myself, the prisoner came up stairs, and said, good God, where is my hat; he had this hat on his head, which is mine, (produces it;) he had not his own hat; I asked him what he had done with my things; he said, don't say any thing, and you shall have them by the time you have done break fast; he asked me to give him some halfpence to buy some geneva with; I told him he had taken all the halfpence out of my breeches, and that I had not got any; he said, my things were left at a night-house, near the top of the Hay-marker; he asked me if I had received a note from him, I said, no; the next morning I went to his lodgings, with an officer, he said, I should have my things, if I would make it up; I said, I would not; we found a half-handkerchief in his room, which is mine.
Prisoner. Q. Do you recollect lending me the half-handkerchief to the round my head? - A. No; I told him there was some night-caps.
Court. Q. Was he sober? - A. Yes, he appeared to be so.
JOSEPH TOWNSEND sworn. - I am an officer; on Saturday last, I went to the prisoner, in St. Mary-le bonne-lane, he was in bed; on searching the room, I found this handkerchief, (the handkerchief produced and identified by the prosecutor;) I also found this paper, which the prisoner was going to burn. (Paper read as follows:)
Friend Willis, I am sorry I cannot, according to promise, but will make all well, in the course of twenty-four hours, so do not make yourself uneasy. 
               D. 
            Mayne.
Prisoner's defence. On the 15th, I met the prisoner, who I knew; we went and drank together, and he said, he would learn me his trade, if I would call again next day; I did so, and we had seven pots of beer, I was rather in liquor and he asked me to sleep with him, and he lent me the handkerchief; he began to behave in a very unbecoming manner; I told him it was conduct I was not acquainted with, and got up and went home; when I found I had mistaken my hat, I went back, but he did not say any thing about his things then; I have been in the army twenty-one years.




               GUILTY of stealing, to the value of 39s.
             aged 39.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
