








                     MARTHA 
                     HEWSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WILBY
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2nd of August
, a watch, value 5 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Thomas
                        




                     
                   from his person
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  THOMAS
               



            . On the 2nd of August I met with the prisoners in Drury Lane, I had never seen them before that time, it was between three and four o'clock in the morning, I had been down in theI was in liquor a little not being accustomed to drinking, and by being persuaded I went down Charles street


, and up stairs with them, they wished us to stop all night, I wished to go away.
Q. Did you stop - A. No, I only laid down with my clothes on; in two or three minutes I went to sleep, I had the watch in my pocket, when I laid down I am confident of that. The man that awaked me, called and asked if I had got the watch, his name is 
               
                  James 
                  Lines
               



            , I had not the watch then.
Q. Then I suppose the women were gone - A. One of them 
               
                  Mary 
                  Wilby
               



             was gone, Hewson remained, as soon as he alarmed me, I went down stairs and called the watchman, 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Hewson
               



             was taken that night, and Wilby was taken a week afterwards.


                  JAMES 
                  LINES
               



            . I am a shoemaker, I had been in the city with this man.
Q. Did you go with him to this house, - A. Yes, up stairs after Hewson had been in the room a little while he laid down with her upon the top of the bed, and after some time they both fell asleep, they both snored; Wilby said to me, they are fast asleep, after that I saw 
               
                  Mary 
                  Wilby
               



             go to the bed side to her, Hewson took the watch out of his pocket and gave it to Wilby, as soon as I saw that, I made after her, my having a wooden leg she got down stairs before I could get to her, I awaked him, he went down and brought the watchman up. I am sure as to the prisoners, I was sober, the watch has not been seen since.
Q. (to Thomas.) Are you sure as to the prisoners - A. I am.
Hewson's Defence. This young woman knows no more about it than any gentleman here; I saw these two gentlemen in Drury Lane.
Wilby said nothing in her defence.
HEWSON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.
WILBY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.





               Transported for 14 years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
