





594. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SIMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of July
, three silver tea spoons, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hatchett
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a waiter at Mr. Hatchett's hotel in Piccadilly


. The prisoner has been in the hotel a great many times; we missed tea spoons from the coffee room in the hotel; I cannot speak to the time, I believeabout a fortnight before the prisoner was taken up. I saw the spoons at Bow-street, I know them to be my master's. The prisoner was in the habit of coming into the coffee room; he had brandy and water, and a spoon with it.
Q. Had you acquainted your master that any tea spoons were missing. - A. Yes.
JOHN MILLER. I am an officer of Bow-street. On the 7th of July the prisoner was brought in custody of Mr. Lane's shopman to the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



            , opposite the office. I searched the prisoner's lodgings in Marchmont-street, Great Coram-street; there I found two silver tea spoons. I saw his wife at the lodgings.
Q. Was there any appearance of business at the lodgings. - A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  HULME
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Lane, 135, Drury-lane. On Tuesday afternoon the 7th of July the prisoner came to sell two tea spoons; I told him there was Hatchett's hotel on them; he said was there. He desired me to let him look at them; no, said I. I turned round to get my hat, and the prisoner went out of the shop. I pursued him as far as Brydges-street, Covent Garden, and then I laid hold of him; he said do not say any thing. I then took him to Bow-street.
(The property produced and identified.)
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 47.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
