





546. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GWYN
                  



               
             was indicted for that 


               he, being in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hathaway
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of ten in the night of the 2d of July
, feloniously did steal two neck handkerchiefs, value 2s. and a child's spencer, value 2s. the property of the said, John; and afterwards, burglariously did break the said dwelling-house, in order to get out thereof
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  GREECE
               



             sworn. - I am a stay and habit-maker, in Rathbone-place: On the 2d of July, about half past ten at night, I was at Mr. Hathaway's, he is a clerk in the Bank
, and lives at No. 4, Bury-place, Bloomsbury


; there was a noise heard, and I asked what it was; I saw all the family present; I ran up stairs, and saw a person going from the front parlour towards the street door; he opened it, and pulled it after him; the door was sastened by a spring-latch lock; I opened it, and pursued him across Bury-place; as he was running, he threw from his left hand some artilces; I pursued him, calling out, stop thief; he was stopped, about one hundred yards further on, by a watchman; I never lost-sight of him from the time of my first pursuit; he said, it was not him; I told him, I saw him in the house. (The property was produced).
REBECCA HATHAWAY sworn. - I am the wife of John Hathaway; Mr. Greece was at our house the beginning of this month; the articles produced, are my husband's property; they were left on the parlour table, and were there about nine o'clock; on hearing a noise, going into the parlour, the things were missing; I did not see them again till they were brought to me. GUILTY,




               Of stealing the goods, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
