





531. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  CHURCH
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of June
, a pair of half-boots, value 2s. 6d. a linen shift, value 9d. a flannel petticoat, value 3d. a petticoat, value 2s. and a frock, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  Elizabeth Richards

               
            , Spinster
.
Second Count. Laying them to be the property of 
               
                  John-Andrew 
                  Richards
               



            .
ELIZABETH RICHARDS sworn. - I am the wife of John-
               
                  Andrew 
                  Richards
               



            ; I live with my mother, she keeps the house: On Friday the 11th of June, my child was taken from the door, she went to the door about half past five o'clock; I live at St. Andrew's-hill, Blackfriars


; there were three more children playing with her at the door, they came in to go to bed a little after six o'clock, and I inquiredfor her, and they said they did not know where she was; I looked about, and saw a woman that is here, she gave me some information, by which we found the child before nine o'clock, this is the child; a young man fetched the child home; the child's frock was gone, and all her clothes, expect the boots and her shirt.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HUTCHINS
               



             sworn. - My husband is a gardener: I was walking to and from upon St. Andrew's-hill on the 11th of June, I saw the prisoner take up the child, and go round the corner with it; this is the child; I saw Mrs. Richards looking about, I asked her if she was looking for a child, and I told her the woman was gone that way with it.


                  JAMES 
                  BRYAN
               



             sworn. - The first that I saw of the prisoner was in Earl-street; she came past a stall, where I was standing, with a soldier, about four o'clock, and went down Thames-street; she was gone about half an hour, as near as I can guess; she had no soldier with her when she came back again; she came to this stall, and asked the man if he had done her shoes; he asked her in what name they were; she said, Sarell, then she went away, and came again in about half an hour, with the child in her arms; that is the child; she stood talking with me at the stall for near half an hour, with the baby in her arms; she asked the baby if it would have a cake, and then she turned away, that was about a quarter after six; I am certain the prisoner is the same person.
Q. Did you take any notice of the child's dress? - A. No.
- WINTER sworn. - I am a coal-porter: I saw the prisoner come along with the child in her arms, on the Friday evening at the bottom of Water-lane, Fleet-street; it was about six o'clock, to the best of my knowledge; I cannot swear to the child, but I can swear to the woman; I saw her take it into one Mrs. Baldwin's passage; I went home, and when I came back, I saw the child upon the stairs in its shirt and under petticoat, and the woman along with it; the child was dressed when I saw it first in her arms.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GAY
               



             sworn. - I am a shoe-maker: I saw the prisoner go past my shop in Earl-street, with a soldier, about four o'clock; she was gone the best part of an hour, when I saw her go up the hill again, and in about a quarter of an hour after that, she brought this child in her arms; I know the child, and I know the prisoner; she said to the child, I will buy you some cakes, and she went away; I am sure she is the woman.
JOHN WEATHERBY sworn. - I am a parish beadle: The child was brought to my house between six and seven o'clock on the Friday evening, by Mrs. Baldwin, who lives at No. 11, St. Bride's-passage, Salisubry-court; the child was brought to my house stripped; Mrs. Baldwin is too ill to come out; I ordered my wife to dress the child with some of my children's things; I went and cried the child, but could find no owner; about an hour after I heard, by accident, who the child belonged to; this is the child.
Q. Who apprehended the woman? - A.
               
                  James 
                  Bryan
               



            .
Bryan. I took the prisoner, about a fortnight after, in Bridge-street, Blackfriars: I am sure it was the same woman; I had no suspicion of her when I saw her with the child; when I took her, I told her she was the person that I saw carry the baby away; she said she was not the person; I took her down to the child's friends, and she was taken before the Magistrate and committed.
Q.(To Mrs. Richards.) Have you seen any of the property since? - A. Yes; here is the frock and skirt; I went before the Alderman, and I walked by the side of her after the examination on Tuesday, as she went to the Compter, and she told me she had pledged them at Mr. Strangeways's, over Blackfriars-bridge.
Q.Did you tell her it would be better for her to confess? - A.No; She asked me to forgive her for taking the child; I told her I could not forgive her; she said she was in liquor at the time; I asked her if she had put them in her own name; she said, no, she had put them in her sister's name; I asked her if she had got the tickets; she said, no, she had lost them; she said her sister's name was Tibbet; when I came there, they were not in that name, they were in the name of Davis; they are my child's clothes; I have a piece of a skirt which the child has on now, there was no particular mark upon it; the frock is the same, I made them both myself.
Prisoner's defence. I was very much in liquor; it is the very first time I ever committed an offence of this sort.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)
The Court immediately pronounced sentence of




               Transportation for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
