





669. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     AUSTIN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Wigginton
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of twelve in the night of the 28th of July
, with intent to steal, and feloniously stealing a half-tester bedfurniture, value 15s. and one bed-tick, value 5s.
             the property of the said Thomas Wigginton.


                  THOMAS 
                  WIGGINTON
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 110, Old street


; my house was robbed on the night of the 28th of July, I left all fast; the property stolen was in a small room over the wath-house, adjoining the dwelling-house; I suppose they were taken out of the window, as the doors were fast.


                  OSBORN 
                  KETTERING
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman; I went from my watch-box to get a dram a little after four o'clock on the 29th of July, in the morning; I saw a suspicious person whom I knew, under a gateway called George yard; I told him to go about his business; he went away as I thought; I looked up George yard, and there I saw the prisoner on the top of a wall; it was quite light; he had a bundle in his hand; when he saw me, he threw the bundle backwards, and jumped down; I catched hold of him, but there was a post in the way, which I hit my side against, so that I was obliged to let him go; they then pelted me with brick-bats and stones, and went away; I knew them both before; I knocked at the door till I found the owner of the things; a bed-tester, furniture, and a bed-tick.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn. - I apprehended the prisoner at the Merry Carpenters, in Old-street.
Prisoner's defence. I was in bed at the time this happened; if I had done it, it is not likely that I should have been in the neighbourhood. I have no witnesses. GUILTY, aged 19.
Of 


               stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
