





744. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SPENCER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing an the 10th of July
, five fowls, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Hall
               




            , senior.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            , SENIOR. I live in Upper George street, Montague square


, I am a painter and glazier
, I keep fowls in a piece of unfenced ground which I intend to make a garden of. I rent the ground.
Q. Did you lose any fowls at any time - A. Yes. On Wednesday, the 26th of October, about twenty minutes before ten, I was going to bed; the fowls roost in a little shed adjoining this ground; as I was going to bed, I let a friend out who had been at my house; there was some paving by my house; my son came out of door and looked over these stones, and said, father, the fowl house is broken open; the fowl house door was open; I had set two pieces of timber against it; I went down to the door; as soon as I got into the ground, it lies below the street, I saw the door open; I told my son to call a watchman; the prisoner rushed out, he says d - n your eyes, if you pretend to stop me I will do for you; he had a kind of a chisel in his hand, which I believe we can produce. I asked him what business he had there; he had got a bundle in his hand, which, I believe, was the fowls; I got a little bit out of his reach that he might not strike me, and turned him the way the watchman was; I followed him, he stumbled and I stumbled; he got the advantage of me, and got up first; he was at last stopped by 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Butler
               



            .
Q. You have got the weapon in your hand - A. Yes, this is it; it is a mortice chisel. My son catched him, he struck my son; as soon as I came up I knocked him down, and going along I found the old cock in a little shed, where he just popped in and turned out again.
Q. He had the same sort of a thing in his hand when he threatened you - A. Yes. After we took him to the watchhouse we went back to the fowl shed, we missed two cock fowls, and three hen fowls; then we traced the path along which he had run; my son and Mr. Butler pointed out the garden where he jumped, and there the four fowls were found tied up in a black handkerchief, with their neck's wrung; they were dead.
Q. Where they warm at that time - A. I do not recollect. The fifth fowl I found before I went to the watchhouse.
Q. Then in the garden, and in the course he had taken, you found all the five fowls - A. Yes; I have got them here.
Q. Whose handkerchief was that - A. We took it to be the prisoner's; he had a neckcloth stiffner, but no neckcloth to fit the stiffner.
Q. That induced you to believe that handkerchief to be his, his neck being without one - A. Yes; my son went into this shed where this man turned in; he found this chisel, which we supposed he threw in. He told me going to the watchhouse, that he was a married man and had three children; I asked him how he could do such a thing to bring his family to distress; he said he did not care, he might as well go any where as to stay here and be starved.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            , JUNR. Q. Are you the son of the last witness - A. Yes; as I was standing upon the stones at the door, I said father, I think the fowl house door is open; I had no shoes on; I run in doors and put my shoes on; when I came out again, my father halloaed out call the watchman; I halloaed out a thief directly, and ran into the ground; then I saw my father in pursuit of the prisoner; the prisoner slipped over a hill at the top.
Q. Did you see him go into a shed in the course of your pursuit - A. Yes.
Q. At last, after you had secured the prisoner, did you look into that shed - A. Yes, and found that chisel; I saw the prisoner engaged with Mr. Butler, who was before me.
Q. Did you see whether he went over into a piece of garden ground - A. Yes; he ran through a pond first, and I followed after him; he hesitated for a minute and then he ran over some pales into the garden ground; directly he got over I got over after him; after we had secured him I went into the garden and found a black silk handkerchief with four fowls tied in it.
Q. Was that black silk handkerchief a neck handkerchief - A. Yes; it appeared so; it contained four fowls of my father's.
Q. Did you know the cock fowl that your father picked up - A. Yes.
Q. Did you help to secure the man - A. Yes; I got over the garden, I secured the prisoner by the collar; he struck at me, and I fell, and pulled him down upon me; he was going to strike me again and my father rushed in upon him.


                  THOMAS 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I am a cordwainer; I live in Selby's mews, Upper Portman square. On Wednesday the 26th of October, between the hours of nine and ten o'clock, I came by Mr. Hall's house, his son was at the door; I heard the father call out William, there is somebody in the fowl house; call out for the watchman; I saw a man with a bundle in his hand passing Mr. Hall as fast as he could; that man was the prisoner; Mr. Hall got to him and sell, and I past him. I ran about a hundred yards, and came up to him; he put his hand to his coat, he instantly struck at me with the chisel, and struck me on my head; I could not recover my ground for the space of half a minute; then I made my way to him again; he said keep off or else I will do for you; I saw him get over the place where he was apprehended; I saw him go up to a shed, which I suppose was to hide the chissel and the fowls; the chisel and the fowls were found there. Then William Hall was getting over the fence; I went round to the front of the house, a smith's shop, he instantly came to me and says there he is; I said you are the man; William Hall junr. and he had a struggle, and Mr. Hall senr. came up and assisted in taking him.
Q. to prosecutor. The fowls were alive the last time you had seen them - A. Yes; I had fed them twice that day.
Prisoner's Defence. Just as I heard the noise, I was coming down the road from John street; I came through the gate, and I said I saw a man go over the gate; they had got another man before me; they let him go; I know nothing about it, he said it was me. I was eightyears at sea, and the last part of the time in the East India service.
Q. to prosecutor. These five fowls were worth seven shillings, were they - A. Yes.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
