





743. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GRAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of October
, a great coat, value 8s. a shirt, value 2s. three pocket handkerchiefs, value 3s. a neck handkerchief, value 1s. two pair of stockings, value 2s. two gowns, value 30s. five aprons, value 10s. four petticoats, value 18s. three shawls, value 7s. and one sheet, value 9s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Butcher
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  BUTCHER
               



             sworn. - I lodge in Old Gravel-lane


, No.44: On the 16th of this month, I went out, and left the articles, mentioned in the indictment, in my room; I rent the house, and have one lodger; I came home in the afternoon, and found the prisoner in custody, with the property; I knew it to be mine; it contained my wife's cloaths, and my own.


                  MARY 
                  BUTCHER
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of the last witness: I had seen the things in the room, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, (repeats the articles mentioned in the indictment); I locked the door of the room, and hung the key up; it was a padlock to the door, which appeared to have been wrenched open; I was in the shop, and saw Mr. Delaney run by the window; I came to the shop-door to see, and there was Mr. Delaney stopping with the prisoner at the corner of the passage, with the bundle upon the ground; the bundle was brought back into my shop, and, upon opening it, I knew them to be my things; I saw the prisoner drop a spotted pocket handkerchief.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DELANEY
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker in Old Gravel-lane, nearly opposite Mrs. Butcher's: On the 16th of October, I was cleaning the inside of my window, and I observed the prisoner go past, I never saw him before; there were two other that appeared to be in company with him, one of the opposite side of the street, the other on my side; I observed the prisoner look into the window of a house that was nearly opposite, which induced me to take particular notice of him, and I saw him go up this passage that leads to Mrs. Butcher's apartments; he was gone about ten minutes, I dare say, and then came out again with a bundle; I then jumped over the counter, and followed him; the prisoner was then leaning over a post with one of the other two; the prisoner then went on, I followed him, and took him with the bundle on him, about three hundred yards from Mrs. Butcher's; I asked him where he was going with those things; he said, a man had given him, or was to give him, a shilling, I am not positive which, for carrying the bundle; I took the bundle in one hand, and laid hold of him by the other, and brougth him back; he came back with me, without making any resistance, to the end of the passage; Mrs. Butcher, among other, came up; she did not seen to recollect the things at first, but, afterwards, when we got in doors, she discovered them to be her property.


                  JOHN 
                  WINTER
               



             sworn. - I came up by chance when Mr. Delaney had brought back the prisoner; I had the proprty delivered to me. (Produces it). Mrs. Butcher. This is the handkerchief that was dropped; it is my husband's.
(Most of the other articles were deposed to by Mrs. Butcher, as having the mark M B upon them).
Q. What value did you put upon these things? - A. Four pound sixteen shillings  and six pence, altogether.
Prisoner's defence. I stopped at the corner of this court to make water, and a man gave me a bundle, and offered me a shilling to carry it for him, and the-gentleman came after me, and stoped me; I told him so at time.
GUILTY. (Aged 17.)
Of 


               stealing goods, value 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  THOMSPON
               



            .
