





213. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 31st of January
, a pair of stockings, value 2 s. and a box, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Nicholas 
                     Brown
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Algernon 
                     Wallington
                  



               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.
ALGERNON WALLINGTON. 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Brown
               



             is mypartner; we keep the Castle and Falcon in Aldersgate street

.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am bookkeeper; I have the entry of a box directed S. Wilson, 55, Houndsditch, it came by the Coventry waggon; the box was called over to me, and the carman put it in the cart; the carman went with the cart.


                  RICHARD 
                  WERDNER
               



            . I am the carman that had the box, directed to Mrs. Wilson; we stopped in Milk street


 to deliver a truss to Mr. Smedley in Monkwell court; when I went from the cart I left it in the middle of the cart; I came back again, I missed it.
Q. How long were you gone - A. About two minutes. I left nobody with the cart, it stood against the end of the court; when I came back to the cart the box was gone; Maynard was gone to look after somebody. In about a minute I saw Maynard returning with the prisoner in custody; we took the prisoner home to the yard; he begged to go home to his mother.


                  JOHN 
                  MAYNARD
               



            . I am porter to Messrs. Brown and Wallington. I went from the inn yard with the cart; the cart left me in Cheapside, I delivered two parcels there. In going down Milk I observed the prisoner get upon the near wheel of the cart, I saw him take the box out and get down again and walk towards Cheapside; I met him; he put the box under his coat; I asked him what he was going to do with it; he said nothing; he threw the box in the cart and ran down Milk street.
COURT. I thought he had left the cart when you saw him - A. He was about ten yards from the cart when I first met him; when I spoke to him he turned round towards the cart and threw the box in immediately and ran towards Aldermanbury; I pursued him and catched him in Aldermanbury, by the Baptist's Head; he desired us to take him to his father and mother. I delivered him to Mr. Frost the constable.
Mr. Knapp. Did you see the box that he had throwed into the cart - A. Yes; it was the box that I had seen before to be delivered in Houndsditch; I am sure of the person of the boy; I never lost sight of him; I was nearly within an arm's length of him all the way.


                  MATTHEW 
                  FROST
               



            . The prisoner was given into my care, and the box and a pair of stockings; I have had them ever since.
Q. Do you know the boy - A. No; he told me his father lived in Black Eagle street; I went there; I could not find him; the next day he said his mother was dead; he still persisted his father lived there. I searched him at the inn; I found a knife, a penny, and a letter; the letter he said he picked up in the street.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. There was a man went in the cart, he said he would give me two pence to hold it; he went up a court and staid a great while; I went to the cart and put the box in again; that man halloaed after me and I ran away.



               GUILTY
            , aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
