





341. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     READ
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 23d of March
, fifty pounds weight of lead, value 10s. belonging to our Lord the 
                     
King




                  , fixed to a certain building called a privy, being part of a certain dwelling-house of our Lord the King, called Chelsea Hospital


, did cut, and rip, with intent to steal
            .
Second Count. Charging with feloniously stealing the same lead.(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  HENRY 
                  RUTHERFORD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am servant to the head gardener of Chelsea College: On the evening of the 23d of March last, about half past seven o'clock, I saw the prisoner upon the roof of the privy belonging to the College; I called to him, and asked him what he was doing there, and he said he was after a whore; my brother came and assisted me in securing him; I afterwards went up stairs and saw two pieces of lead cut off, and laid by the side of the coping, it appeared to be fresh cut; there was fifty pounds weight of it.


                  WALTER 
                  RUTHERFORD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I heard an alarm given by the servant maid of the house, I came out, and found the prisoner within twenty yards of where the lead was lying; I assisted my brother in securing him, and took him to the guard-house; I then came back, and went upon the top of the privy; the place where the lead had been cut from was quite dry, whereas there had been rain that evening, about six o'clock, and all the rest was wet; we found the lead rolled up, and thrown upon the coping of the privy; it appeared to be fresh cut, the edges were quite bright.
Prisoner. Q. Were there any instruments found upon me? - A. No; and you told me I could not hurt you.


                  THOMAS 
                  WALMSLEY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am deputy clerk of the Works: I unrolled the lead and laid it on the roof of the privy, it exactly fitted.
Prisoner's defence. I was going through Chelsea College and they laid hold of me; I know nothing at all of the lead. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 60.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
