





444. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BARRETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of March
, a nightcap, value 1s. a neck handkerchief, value 3s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 2s. a pair of shoes, value 5s. two cotton stockings, value 2s. anotherpair of shoes, value 5s. a pair of stockings, value 3s. another pair of cotton stockings, value 3s. two muslin neck handkerchiefs, value 6s. a pair of silk drawers, value 10s. another pair of cotton stockings, value 3s. a silk handkerchief, value 3s. a pair of silk stockings, value 10s. a pair of drawers, value 5s. another pair of cotton stockings, value 3s. a pair of silk stockings, value 10s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 3s. a muslin neck handkerchief, value 4s. another pair of silk drawers, value 10s. another muslin neck handkerchief, value 4s. two pair of cotton stockings, value 4s. two worsted socks, value 1s. a pocket handkerchief, value 6d. two other muslin neck handkerchiefs, value 6s. and a pair of nankeen pantaloons, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  Edward-Stephenson 
                  Dennison
               




            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)
EDWARD-STEPHENSON DENNISON sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I was purser
 of an Indiaman, and lived in St. Martin's-lane; the prisoner was my servant
, and had the care of my linen: On Thursday, the 26th of March, I directed him to go to Enderby, in Leicestershire, with my horses.
Q. How many miles is that from London? - A. One hundred and two, I think, by the way of Leicester; he was to be there on Saturday night; he was to be at St. Alban's the first night, Northampton the next, and Enderby the third; I was to follow him with the mail; I arrived at Enderby on Saturday, about two in the afternoon; my servant did not make his appearance till the Tuesday; he brought one of the horses to the stable; I asked him what had become of the other horse, and what was the cause of his being so long absent; he informed me the horse was taken ill at St. Alban's, but that he had got him on as far as Market Harborough; he then appeared intoxicated; on the Wednesday morning I sent him back Market Harborough; for the purpose of bringing the horse, whenever he was fit, to Enderby; upon my leaving town on the Friday, I found a deficiency in my wearing apparel, I missed particularly two pair of white silk stockings, and six silk handkerchiefs; on the Monday after, when I was going to Market Harborough, Mr. Lorraine Smith's servant produced some clothes that the prisoner had put out to wash, among which I found a night-cap and a neck handkerchief belonging to me; upon my return from Market Harborough, I looked into his saddle-bags, and found another pair of cotton stockings, clean; on the Monday, in consequence of what I discovered, I told the prisoner to come to Enderby on the Tuesday, and I would discharge him, at the same time taking away the charge of the horse; he did not make his appearance till the Monday afterwards; Mr. Smith desired his servant to put his hand into his groom's coat pocket, which he did, and took out a quantity of duplicates, (produces them); Mr. Smith asked him if he had taken any thing from me; he did not make any answer for some time; at last, he said, he had, at the same time wishing to see the duplicates; he said, there were some in Jermyn street; others in a street he could not name; I asked him if it was Vine-street, and he said it was, I think; I said Vine-street, but it was Vigo-lane.


                  JOHN 
                  STUART
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I belong to the Duke of York's hand, (produces a pair of nankeen pantaloons); I received them from the prisoner at the bar, he gave them me as a present, but I cannot say when it was.
Q. Did he ever give you any thing else? - A. No.
Mr. Dennison. These are my pantaloons; I never gave them to the prisoner.
(Three other pawnbrokers produced the remainder of the property.) 

               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
