






175. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BOTTOMLEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     ISAACS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hall
                     




                  , about the hour of five in the night of the 31st of January
, and stealing therein fifty yards of lace, value 7 l.
             the property of the said Thomas.


                  THOMAS 
                  HALL
               



             sworn. - I am a linen-draper
, and live at No. 69, Bishopsgate-street Without


: On the 31st of January last, one of my squares of glass in my shop-window was cut, and two cards of black lace were taken from thence; I knew nothing of it till near four or five minutes after it was gone; a lad came in, and told me the circumstance. I put the lace in the window in the morning; the square of glass had a crack in it for many years, but not nigh where the lace was put; when I was informed of it, I looked at the window, and saw the glass had been cut with something, and the old crack was remaining.
Q. How long was the hole? - A. About five or six inches long, and about two inches wide; it was long enough to put the hand in, in this direction, (showing how); I and the lad pursued them, and took them; we searched them, but did not find the lace.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. What time did it happen? - A. On the 31st of January, near five o'clock in the afternoon.
Q. Was it dark? - A. Quite dark out of doors.
Q. Was it dark enough, if you had seen me at the door, that you would have known me? - A. Certainly I should have known you, or any man, at my door at that time, or any time.


                  RICHARD 
                  ROWLEY
               



             sworn. - I am an apprentice to Mr. Saunders, a cabinet-maker, in Crown-street, Finsbury-square.
Q. How old are you? - A. I was sixteen last November: I was going of an errand for my master, and coming back, about five o'clock, I saw these two boys standing at the post, the corner of Union-street, Bishopsgate-street.
Q. Did you know these two boys before? - A. Yes, I had seen them playing before; when they stood at the post, they were wrangling with each other who should go and take it; the biggest saidto the youngest, you go; and the youngest said, I will not go, you go; the biggest went forward, and put his hand in the window, and took out one card of lace, and put it under the left side of his coat; in about a minute after, while the man went round to put up the shutter, he put his hand in a second time; I did not see him take any thing then; there were three of them got together; then they ran up towards Bishopsgate-church; I am sure these are the two boys.
Q. How close were you to these two boys? - A. I was close to them when they took the lace, I have seen them frequently; there are a number of them tossing up from morning to night in the Broad-place, Petticoat-lane; I have seen the prisoners with them when I have been going to dinner.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You have told us you see a great many boys playing? - A. Yes.
Q. Have you not heard there is a reward, if you convict them? - A. No.
Q. Do you mean to swear that you do not know that there is a forty pounds reward for the conviction of a person that breaks open a house? - A. No, never.
Q. You had never been playing with them, I dare say? - A. No.
Q. It was so light, that you were able to see the boys? - A. No, not at a great distance, but I had seen them before.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SHEPPERD
               



             sworn. - I am an officer, and was sent for on the 31st of January; I searched both the prisoners, and found nothing on them but a knife on each.
Q.(To Hall.) Where is your house? - A. The corner of Union-street, Bishopsgate-street, in Bishopsgate parish.
Bottomley's defence. I was never in that gentleman's house in my life.
The prisoner, Isaacs, did not say any thing in his defence, nor called any witnesses.
Bottomley called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Bottomley, GUILTY.
Isaacs, GUILTY.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s.
            






               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
