





500. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     SMITH, alias 
BELCHER, alias 
MASON





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of June
, a guinea, and a shilling,
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Carter
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am a stonemason
, I lodge with 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Atkinson
               



            , No. 12, Swallow-street. On the 20th of June, about eleven o'clock at night, I was going with a shopmate of mine near Hyde Park Corner gate, he was a little intoxicated, I was going to see him home; we had been drinking at the Pitt's head, Great Cumberland-street, Portman-square; that is the house where we are paid. It was near eleven o'clock when we left the house. I was a little in liquor too.
Q. Did you see your friend safe into the house. - A. No, I saw him through Hyde Park gate, he had got to go to Sloane-street; I thought he would be safe. I met the prisoner very near Hyde Park Corner gate.
Q. You had got a little tipsy at this house, are you quite sure that you had any money about you when you left that house. - A. I am sure I had one guinea and four shillings; I was perfectly sensible of that, though I was not perfectly sober.
Q. Then you joined in company with the prisoner. - A. Yes, I went with her to Pye-street, Westminster


.
Q. That is all out of your way to Swallow-street. - A. I know it it is. I went to her lodgings in Pye-street, into a one pair of stairs back room; there was nobody in the room but she and me, when we went in I stopped some time there; I gave her three shillings as the place had so decent an appearance; then I wanted to come away, she refused to let me; she went out of the room; I heard her talk to a man on the stairs, which very much alarmed me; I was afraid to make any resistance; she came round me, and put her arms about my knees, and coaksed me to stop; she put her hand into my pocket, and took the guinea out; I had suspicion by her putting her hand down my side; I felt her hand, but I was not positive that it was in my pocket, it was in my right hand breeches pocket. I felt so much that excited suspicion.
Q. That is a very different thing, you said she put her hand into your pocket. - A. I felt her hand in my pocket.
Q. You have said both ways, attend to me - did not you say you believed her hand was in your pocket, because you felt it on your side, that gave you suspicion, and you have sworn that you felt her hand in your pocket. - A. I am sure I felt her hand in my pocket. I gave her three shillings; I am sure that I left the guinea and a shilling in my pocket.
Q. Upon feeling her hand in your pocket, did you afterwards put your hand into your pocket to feel if your money was gone. - A. I did.
Q. After you had given her the three shillings - here I must ask you a question - are you sure that you did not lye down on the bed. - A. No, by no means; I had no connection with her at all.
Q. Are you quite sure that you were in no posture, that it would fall from you. - A. I am sure of it; I had not fell down on the road.
Q. After you had suspected that she had taken your money what passed then. - A. I saw it in her hand; she said she would give it me back in the morning if I would stop all night; she would not give it me then; I refused stopping all night, I told her I should be glad if she would give it me then; she still refused and went out of the room and left me there; I waited about an hour and a half, she never returned; at the expiration of that time a man came in the room, he asked me how I came there, and accused me of breaking into his room; I told him no, I had not; I was brought in, I described the woman to him; he said she had broken open the door. This was Saturday night, I saw the prisoner on Sunday evening; and on Monday morning I saw her in her own apartment, then I charged the officer with her.
Q. I suppose you never found your guinea or your shilling. - A. No.


                  THOMAS 
                  RENNY
               



            . On Monday, the 22nd of June, I apprehended the prisoner at her lodgings, Duck-lane; I searched her, she had no money about her.
Prisoner's Defence. On Saturday night the prosecutor was very much intoxicated; he and his friend pushed against me. He went home with me, gave me three shillings, and went to bed; about half an hour after he was in bed, he said he could stop no longer, he must go. On Sunday morning he came to me, and asked me for the guinea; he said he would give me half if I would return him half; I told him I had not seen it, or else I would give it him with pleasure. He dropped his watch on the floor, I gave it him.
Prosecutor. I did drop my watch, I catched it in my hand as well as she; it was owing to my own dexterity that I got it, or he would not have given it me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            

First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
