






916. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3rd of October
, a watch, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Simpson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN SIMPSON. On the 3rd of October at five o'clock in the evening, I met the prisoner, she wished me to go home with her, I said I should not, I had no money, still I was weak enough to go with her to her lodgings in Chandois-street


; I was not in her company two minutes before I felt her draw my watch and seals from my pocket, the instant she did it she ran out of the room and slammed the door in my face; in consequence of her slamming the door in my face I lost sight of her, it being dark. On the next morning I went to Bow-street, I took two officers to the house. I found the prisoner in bed, much intoxicated; the officer look her after a little time; she said she was very sorry for what she had done, and cried; she said she would take us to a fence; the two officers and the prisoner went to the place where she said she had sold it, in Coventry-court; the prisoner said she had sold it to the woman of the house; the servants were in the house, the mistress was out; the officers asked the servants if they saw that woman on the preceding evening; they said, yes. We waited till the mistress came home; the mistress said she never saw her.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LACK
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. I went with the prosecutor to the house where the prisoner lodged, I found the prisoner there in bed, she was very much in liquor, I told her she must go along with me to Bow-street, she said, what for, I have done nothing; I asked her what she had done with the watch; she told me she did not know any thing about it. In going up to the office she bursted out crying; she said she was sorry she had robbed him; he was such a nice fellow. I went to the office, and when I came back she told me she had sold it so a fence; she did not know the name of the place, but she would shew me; she took me to Coventry-court; when I came there I knew what sort of a house it was; I took her only to see if they knew her, and if she was there last night; the mistress was not at home; the servants said she was there, her mistress and her went into the parlour in private; they did not know what past. I sent the prisoner to the office. When the mistress came home she denied seeing her.
Prisoner's Defence. When I met this gentleman I asked him to take a walk home with me, he said, yes; he sat several minutes on the side of the bed, I asked him what compliment he meaned to give me, as being an unfortunate woman, I did not wish to stay in his company without; he said he had no property about him. I saw somebody come by that I knew, I ran out; I never saw him till the next morning. I was up all night; I was very much intoxicated with liquor; he and two constables took me out of bed. I was very incapable of knowing any thing I was saying, being so intoxicated, till the last examination, they brought a person to me who I had said I had left some property with; I never saw the woman. I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Lawrence.
