






304. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WATSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  RUTTER
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of March
, eighty-six quires of paper, value 61.
             the property of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Whittingham
               




            .


                  CHARLES 
                  WHITTINGHAM
               



             sworn. - I am a printer
; I live at No. 16, Dean-street, Fetter-lane: On Monday, the 29th of March, about half past one o'clock, I observed the two prisoners coming out of my office, No. 1, Dean-street


, each with a bundle of paper on their shoulder, containing the number of quires specified in the indictment; I immediately crossed over the way to the printing-office, and met the prisoners; I laid hold of one of them, I think it was Watson, and he threw the paper down upon my arm; I lost my hold, and he ran away; the other prisoner threw down the paper, and ran away also; I immediately cried stop thief, and followed them; they ran to the top of the street which leads into Fetter-lane, one turned to the right, and the other to the left; I followed the one to the left, which was Watson, and took him into custody; in consequence of my crying out stop thief, Rutter was taken by a constable, who is in Court; his name is Fletcher.
Q. Had you observed Rutter sufficiently to know he was the same man when he was brought back? - A. Yes, I had spoke to him on the steps of the printing-office door about ten minutes before; I asked him what he wanted there; he told me he wanted no person in particular, and walked away; I am sure he is the same person.
Q. Do you know if there was any body in your office at the time? - A. Yes, but not in the room where the paper was.
JOHN HOUGHTON sworn. - I am a carpenter: On the 29th of March last, about half past one o'clock, I saw the two prisoners at the bar come out of Mr. Whittingham's warehouse with the paper on their shoulders; they came out at the front door; I first thought they were two of Mr. Whittingham's men; I turned to the right, and went down Dean-street; when they had got abouttwenty yards down, I saw Mr. Whittingham cross the way; he collared the first, which was Watson, and asked him where he got that paper from; he threw down the paper upon Mr. Whittingham's arm, and Mr. Whittingham lost hold of him; he then turned round, and ran up Dean-street; then Mr. Whittingham called out stop thief; one of them turned to the right, and the other to the left, into Fetter-lane; then they were taken in Fetter-lane, and brought back.
Q. Are you sure that the people that you saw running were the same that were brought back? - A. Yes; we sent for Mr. Fletcher, the constable, and they were delivered to him.
THOMAS FLETCHER sworn. - On Monday, the 29th of March, about half past one o'clock, I was standing within my own door, and saw a person run very furious past the door; I then heard the cry of stop thief; I immediately opened the door, and ran out; the prisoner, Rutter, was then stopped by being thrown down; his heels were kicked up; I immediately took him into custody; I had information that Mr. Whittingham was robbed; I then took him to the corner of Dean-street, and by that time the other prisoner was taken. I called for assistance, and took them both to the Compter; the paper was delivered to me by Mr. Whittingham, and I have had it ever since; (produceit.)
Whittingham. This is my paper; it is part of a quantity of paper that came in on the preceding Saturday; there were twenty-six bundles of it; I went into the room just before the robbery, for I had a suspicion of the prisoner Rutter; the paper was there then; when I came back, I looked at the room, and missed two bundles; the number on the paper is 620; I believe the Exciseman's name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cook
               



            .
Mr. Greed Q. You did not take the precaution of counting your bundles? - A. Yes, I did.
Q. I believe all paper of that description has the same mark 620? - A. No, I don't know that I have any of the same quality as this.
Q. You have a great deal of that paper in your warehouse? - A. No, I have but little.
Court. Q. Do you know that such a name was on that paper? - A. Yes.
The prisoner, Watson, left his defence to his Counsel.
Rutter's defence. Coming down Dean-street, we saw these two bundles of paper on a step; we knocked at the door, and nobody answered; then we were going to take them to the Gentleman and Porter public-house, when Mr. Whittingham stopped us.
Rutter called four witnesses, who gave him a good character. Watson, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.
Rutter, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
