





759. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     ROBERTSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of October
, a box. value 1s. 6d. twelve quarts of peas, value 1s. 6d. four quarts of beans, value 6d. and fifteen pounds eight ounces of feed, value 10s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Field
                  



               
            , the elder, 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Field
                  



               
            , the younger, 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Field
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Field
                  





(John Field, the younger, proved the firm as stated in the indictment.)


                  SAMUEL 
                  MARTIN
               



             sworn. - I am foreman to Messrs. Fields, No. 119. Lower Thames-street; I packed the articles stated in the indictment, on Monday last, in a box, for the West-Indies; I marked it K.W.H. I delivered it to our carman, on Monday evening, to go to No. 79, in Basinghall-street, with three other boxes; the carman is here.


                  SAMUEL 
                  ALLEN
               



             sworn. - I am carman to Messrs. Fields: On Monday evening last I received four boxes and two bags, from Mr. Martin, to go to No. 79, Basinghall-street; I was going along the Old Jewry


, about half past six o'clock, and saw a man behind the cart, I drew back, he found me coming and dropped the box on the ground and ran away; I cried stop thief, and picked up the box; the prisoner was immediately stopped close to the horses head; the prisoner is the same man; I took the box to No. 11, Old Jewry, and delivered it to a constable.


                  SAMUEL 
                  ASHWIN
               



             sworn. - I am servant to a hosier, in Lothbury; I was in the Old Jewry; I heard stop thief cried; I was on the off side of Mr. Field's cart, and saw the prisoner drop a box; he came round on the off side of the horse; I ran across the way and stopped him directly; I took him into Mr. Dixon's shop, in the Old Jewry, and a constable was sent for; the prisoner and the box were given in charge to the constable.(The constable produced the box, which was identified by Martin and Allen.)
 - BROWN sworn. - I am an attorney; I heard the cry of stop thief; I saw the prisoner at the horses head, making for the corner of a court; I immediately collared him; Mr. Ashwin collared him nearly at the same time; I did not see him with the box.
Prisoner's defence. I am innocent of the charge.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
