





481. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CONNER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Reardon
                        



                     
                  , on the 9th of July
, about the hour of three in the afternoon, no person being therein, and stealing therein one pair of breeches, value 1 s. one pair of trowsers, value 1 s. a waistcoat, value 2 d. a shift, value 2 s. one half-guinea, six penny-pieces, and twenty-four halfpence, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Reardon
                     



                  ; one coat, value 5 s. and three pounds three shillings, in money
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Frederick 
                     Barry
                  



               
            .
JOHN REARDON sworn. - I live on Saffron-hill


; I rent two rooms, and a little bit of a place, that makes three; I have a wife and two children; I missed my property on the 9th of July; I was at work, and my wife and children were out, when this was done; I went out after dinner, and returned at four o'clock, before my wife came home; I found the door broke open, with a hole in it, which had been made to push the lock back, and my box-lock was broken.
Q. Was that hole in the door when you left the house? - A. No, it was made after, and when I went into the room, I found all the things missing; there was half a guinea that was mine, and the three guineas belonged to a lodger of mine, 
               
                  Frederick 
                  Barry
               



            , and a great coat and pantaloons; I lost my breeches, and my wife's shift, they were in my box; my wife had the key of the box.
WILLIAM-
               
                  JULIAN 
                  EDWARDS
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker: On the 12th of July, a person, calling himself 
               
                  John 
                  Conner
               



            , pledged a coat and a shift for seven shillings; that is all I know.
Q.(To the prosecutor.) Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. Yes, he was one of my lodgers.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TROTT
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to the Public-office, Hatton-garden; a woman came to the Office on the 12th of July last, saying she wanted an officer to take a man into custody, in Spread Eagle-court, Gray's Inn-lane; when I got there, the prosecutor was standing at the door; he said the man was in the cellar that had robbed him; I called him several times to come out; I went down after him, after waiting about twenty minutes, and found him standing in the chimney-place pulling off those small clothes which the prosecutor said were his; I took him up; there was a waistcoat and trowsers lay in the cellar, which the prosecutor said he knew; they were very filthy, we could not produce them; I then took him to the Office; going along, he confessed to me that he had sent another man to pledge some clothes, but he did not know where; he said he broke the door open very easy with his hands, and likewise the box; I then asked him what he could have done with all the money, as he had no money about him; his answer was, fool like, I got among a parcel of my companions, and spent it all, or lost it.
Prisoner's defence. He has told a parcel of had lies; I bought the clothes of a man in the street.
Q.(To the prosecutor.) Are your own breeches there? - A. Yes, I can swear to them now; I have sworn to them before, and the coat, waistcoat, and pantaloons; I had such in my box, they belong to Barry; they were in my box where the money was; Barry left them with me, he is in the country.
Q. When you looked in your box, did you observethey were gone? - A. I observed they were all gone.




               GUILTY
            

Of stealing the breeches only.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
