





386. 
               
                  EVAN 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of March, twenty yards of Irish cloth, value 42s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Harrison 
                           Jackson
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Gurney).


                  HARRISON 
                  JACKSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am a linen-draper
, in Oxford-street


; the prisoner was my servant
; he left my service on Saturday night the 14th, and on the Monday called for his wages; I asked him if he remembered, about a week back, going to Mr. Reynolds's; he said, yes, very well; I asked him whether he recollected dropping a quantity of Irish cloth from under his coat; and he said, yes, very well; I asked him where it was, and how he came by it; he said, a cousin of his, who lived with a gentleman in Wimpole-street, had called upon him that day, and desired him to call at the Plough, public-house, in Oxford-street, for a parcel in a brown paper; in consequence of the enquiries I made, I sent for a constable, and took him up; before the constable came, I said, Mr. Jones, if you have robbed me, confess, and I will shew you all - the lenity in my power.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You have a brother who is, I believe, in partnership with you? - A. No.
Q. I do not mean to be impertinent, but has it not happened that your property has been transferred to trustees? - A. Never.


                  PRISCILLA 
                  HUGHES
               



             swron. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Hughes
               



            , No. 17. Devonshire-place, the prisoner is my husband's cousin: On the 14th of March, he brought me a piece of Irish cloth for sale; he told me his master was going to give up business to another man, and all the cut pieces were to be sold at prime cost, and he had bought that bit of Irish, if I would have such a thing, it was a very good article, the price was 2s. 10d. a yard; I told him it was too good an article for me, I never went to so high a price; he begged the favour to leave it, as he was not going home; he left it: On the 16th, he came with Lovett, the officer, and I delivered up the same piece of Irish into the hands of the prisoner, and he gave it to the constable.


                  RICHARD 
                  LOVETT
               



             sworn. - I am constable The prisoner was brought to the office, and I took him into custody; I went with the prisoner to the last witness's apartments, where I received this piece of cloth. (Produces it).
Jackson. I know this to be mine, it has my private mark upon it.
Q. Had you ever sold it to the prisoner? - A. No.
Mr. Alley. I believe your mark is the same as your brother's? - A. Yes, it is.
Mr. Gurney. That is a mark in your own hand writing? - A. Yes.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.




               GUILTY of stealing goods, value 39s
            . aged 23.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
