






105. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     THEWAY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     FITZGERALD
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 13th of January
, eighty yards of ribbon, value 2 l. and twelve yards of black ribbon, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Burford
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  BURFORD
               



            . I live at No. 91, Oxford-street, St. Marylebone


; I am a haberdasher
.
Q. Do you keep a shop there. - A. I do, for the sale of ribbons and other things of that sort. On the 13th of January last, between the hours of three and four o'clock, the two prisoners came into my shop, they asked to look at some ribbons and were shewn some; Mrs. Burfordserved them, and likewise one of my young men.
Q. Who asked for them. - A. I do not know, they came in for that purpose.
Q. Is Mrs. Burford here. - A. No, nor the young man; I was called from the back shop in to the front shop; upon my coming into the front shop I observed the man run out. I saw them in the shop together.
Q. You said they came in together before. - A. I saw them together; they came in to look at some ribbons.
Q. How do you know that. - A. I was informed that.
Q. Do you know whether they both looked at the ribbons. - A. I saw the drawer before the woman when I came into the shop, I was then informed that there were some ribbons gone, and the prisoner was suspected, I then laid hold of the woman prisoner, I asked her what she had; the said she had got nothing; upon that I searched her, I found a piece of ribbon; I have it in my pocket. By that time the other was brought back again.
Q. How much ribbon was it. - A.About eighteen or nineteen yards.
Q. Whereabouts is the price of it. - A. About twelve shillings; it cost me more than that. I know it to be mine; I saw it in the morning; there is the cost price on it in my own hand writing; I then took the prisoners, the woman and the man, myself to Marlborough-street; the other prisoner was brought back; I desired a person to watch her, that she throwed nothing away; I suspected she had more. She was searched at the office, I saw three pieces more taken from her by the officer; the officer has got them.
ROBERT MINNIS. I am an apprentice to Mr. Burford. On the 13th of this month, between the hours of three and four, I saw the two prisoners come into Mr. Burford's shop; Mrs. Burford served them; after they had been in some time I heard Mrs. Burford call Mr. Burford forward, I ran forward, I saw the prisoner Theway run out of the shop; I suspected him and ran after him, and at a little distance I saw him throw away a piece of ribbon; I got up to him and caught hold of him. I picked up the ribbon afterwards, I brought him back and helped to take him to Marlborough-street. I produce the ribbon, it is marked with our private marks; half the marks are torn off; there is enough left that I can speak to its being Mr. Burford's property.


                  THOMAS 
                  FOY
               



            . I am an officer of Marlborough-street, I searched the woman prisoner, I found three pieces of ribbon on her which I have here; one piece under each of her arm pits, and one in her pocket.
(The property produced and identified.)
Fitzgerald's Defence. I bought the three rolls of ribbon, the officer took from me, before I went into the prosecutor's shop; I came from on board a ship on Tuesday morning, from my husband, with two of his shipmates, to buy things for him, as the ship expected to sail in a fortnight; the three rolls of ribbon I bought to sell on board the ship to any of the women that might like to bye them; the next day I took one of his shipmates with me, he wanted to purchase a pair of shoes for himself; the gentleman told him he did not sell men's shoes; not liking the ribbon I had purchased, I wanted to buy a ribbon for my own wear; the gentlewoman shewed me some ribbons, I took up the ribbon in my hand, she snatched my hands together till she called the master; she told him I wanted to steal it; I declare it was not my intention.
Prosecutor. There is no truth in what she has said Mrs. Burford had got hold of both her hands when I came into the shop; I took the piece of ribbon from under her apron, it was tucked up under some tucks.
Theway's Defence. I came from on board a ship on Monday night, this young woman came with me; I went with her to buy a pair of shoes, then I went with her to the shop were she said she wanted to buy a ribbon; I saw the gentlewoman lay hold of this young woman, she said she had stole this ribbon; I thought I saw one of my shipmates coming past, I went cut to him, I dropped the piece of black ribbon out of my pocket in Oxford Market; I bought that ribbon to tie my hair with.
THEWAY, 

               GUILTY
            .
FITZGERALD, 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Lawrence.
