





419. 
               
                  
                     ANDREW 
                     WHITEHEAD
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 13th of December
, being a person employed in the capacity of clerk
 to 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hamilton
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Pinkerton
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hamilton
                        



                     
                  , did receive and take into his possession, a certain bill of the value of 40l. and that he did feloniously and fraudulently secrete, steal, and take away the said bill
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  ANDREW 
                  GRANT
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to Messrs. Stein, Smith, and Co. I know the prisoner, having seen him repeatedly, as collecting clerk belonging to Messrs. Hamilton, Pinkerton, and Hamilton; I don't know the firm of the house.


                  Roderick 
                  M'Lenard
               



            . The firm of the house is William Hamilton, Thomas Pinkerton, and 
               
                  John 
                  Hamilton
               



            .
Mr. Knapp. (To Grant.) Q. On the 13th of December last, did the prisoner come to your house? - A. About that time, I cannot state exactly; the house to which I belong owed a sum of money to the Glasgow Wharf, for wharfage; Mr. Whitehead had previously left a bill of the amount, in the usual way of transacting such business, and afterwards called to receive the amount, which I paid him, by a draft on our bankers, Messrs. Down, Thornton, Free, and Cornwall; this is the check; the prisoner wrote his name on the back.(The check read).
Bartholomew-Lane. London, Dec. 13, 1800.
Messrs. Down, Thornton, Free, and Cornwall, Pay No. 1066, or bearer, forty pounds.


                  Andrew 
                  Grant
               



            .
For Stein, Smith, and Co.


                  RODERICK 
                  M'LENARD
               



             sworn. - I am clerk at Messrs. Hamilton, I know the prisoner, who was clerk there in February last, and was so in December also; it was his duty to keep the books; he kept the wharfage-book, and any sum of money paid on the wharfage account ought to find its way into that book; this is the cash-book that was kept by the prisoner, I know his handwriting; there is not any entry, or credit given for this forty pounds, on the 13th of December left, paid by Stein, smith, and Co. he appears to have made up his accounts to the end of December, but there is no entry of the forty pounds; he absconded in February, but the account does not come up to that time; I was present when he was taken to Bow-street, and what he said was taken down in writing by the Justice.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Were you clerkto the prosecutors in December last? - A. Yes; I was clerk to Mr. William Hamilton, but nor to the company.
Q. Do you know whether or not the prisoner was in advance on account of the company? - A. I do not know.
Q. Is there any body here that does know? - A. I cannot tell.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BEZANT
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to Messrs. Down, Thornton, and Co. I have not the least doubt I paid forty pounds on that draft, as there is no other forty pound draft of those gentlemen, but I don't know to whom I paid it; I never, when a check comes in, write down to whom I pay the money, as the hurry of business won't admit of it; there is no other forty pounds on that day to Stein, and Co. on the opposite side is
"Bank-note, No. 415l."
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. It is very common for persons not to present checks the day they receive them? - A. It frequently happens.
Q. Whether the check in your hand is the check you received at that time you cannot say? - A. I cannot.


                  THOMAS 
                  CARPMEAL
               



             sworn. - I apprehended the prisoner on the 23d of February, on board the Industry, an American ship, bound to New-York, in the Downs; she was outward bound.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Lord Kenyon.
