





430. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     COTTERILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of May
, thirty-nine pounds weight of lead pipe, with a ballcock, value 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Stork
                     




                  , fixed to his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  STORK
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 30, Collenade, Great Russell-square


, I am a housekeeper
: On Saturday morning, the 18th of May last, about nine o'clock, the pipe was missing from the wall fixed to the dwelling-house, it is called the feeding-pipe, it goes from the main to the water-butt; the prisoner is a lodger in my house; I was fetched to go to him at St. Giles's watch-house to speak to him about some particular business; I did not know what at that time, it was about eight o'clock in the morning; he told me that he was brought there in the evening, on suspicion of stealing some lead pipe; I went down to Bow-street at eleven o'clock; then I saw this pipe; I compared the ball-cock with the piece that is on the pipe, and it perfectly matched.
Q. Is that part of your pipe? - A. It is, this isabout fifteen feet altogether; I have matched it to the part that went up against the wall.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLACKMAN
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of Bow-street: On Friday, the 17th of May, between nine and ten o'clock at night, I and 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Jones
               



             saw the prisoner at the bar going along Drury-lane with this pipe towards Broad-street, he had the pipe under his coat; we had suspicion that he had got stolen property.
Q. What is he? - A. He is a bricklayer's labourer; we followed him from Drury-lane to the bottom of Short's-gardens; he turned in there, and under the gateway I saw him look round at us; I suspected him knowing us, and that he would leave the lead and run away; I ran up to him, and 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Jones
               



             and I laid hold of him, and took the pipe from under his coat; I asked him what he had got there; he said what was that to me; I said we are officers; he said it was his own; we took him into custody on suspicion; he sent for his landlord, and it proved to be his property.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You do not live in the house; I do not now, I did at the time; when I came down in the morning I found the kitchen full of water; I slept there on the 17th.
Prisoner's defence. He had not slept there for three nights before this.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
