







302. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SMITH
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     MARY-ANN 
                     SMITH
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     PAGE
                  



               
             were indicted, the two first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of February

, a silver watch, with a silver chain and seal, value 4l. three gold rings, value 40s. a locket, value 2s. a cotton shawl, value 2s. a tablecloth, value 5s. a silk handkerchief, value 2s. a gown, value 5s. a muslin shawl, value 2s. a remnant of muslin, value 1s. a great-coat, value 3l. two other coats, value 30s. four silver table-spoons, value 30s. and six silver tea-spoons, value 10s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Haywood
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Moore
                     



, and the other 


               for receiving a parcel of the before-mentioned goods, knowing them to be stolen
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Raine.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAYWOOD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const. I am a serjeant in the Coldstream regiment of Guards
; I rent a room of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Moore
               



            , in York-street, Westminster



: On the 9th of June I went down to Swinley camp; I came to town several times, and the last time that I saw the property there, was the 1st of February; I locked the room, and put the key in my pocket; the boxes and every thing were then safe; I heard no more of it till the 26th of February, when I received a letter from Mr. Moore, and I sent Mrs. Haywood up to town immediately.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MOORE
               



             sworn. - I keep the Blue Anchor, in York-street, Westminster; the serjeant and his wife took a room in my house; he went out of town on the 1st of February; the prisoner Smith and his wife lodged in the adjoining room; they left my lodging on the 24th of February; the room doors are about two feet apart across the angles; the serjeant came to town several times backwards and forwards; the day after Smith and his wife left the lodging, I observed the serjeant's room door open; the bolt of the lock was forced back by a screw-driver that I found in the serjeant's room; I tried the screw-driver, and it fitted the marks.
Q. When had you seen the prisoners before? - A. I had seen the man on the 25th, in the evening; I saw his wife the next morning by ten o'clock; the man, I believe, had stept there that night; I went into the room, and found every box and trunk broke open, all of them forced by this very screw-driver, (producing it); I wrote to serjeant Haywood immediately, and his wife came up.
Q. Did Smith give you no notice of leaving? - A. Not till the day before.


                  MARY 
                  HAYWOOD
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of William Haywood: In consequence of a letter, I came to town on the 27th of February; I found all the boxes broke open, and the property all gone that was of any value; the shawl has been found, and a table-cloth, a silk handkerchief, a gown, a remnant of muslin, and a military great coat.
Q. (To Haywood.) What is the value of the regimental coat? - A. Two guineas; it cost 4l. 10s.


                  JAMES 
                  BLY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const.(Produces the property). This silk handkerchief I found in the pocket of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Smith
               



            , on the 2d of March; this shawl and table-cloth I received from Mrs. Haywood, at the office; this remnant of muslin and a cotton shawl were found in the possession of Page; and this military great coal I found at the shop of Mr. Abrahams, in Rosemary-lane.
Mrs. Haywood. This shawl and table-cloth I received from Minns and Merritt, pawnbrokers; I know all these things to be mine; my husband's name is at full length on the table-cloth. (The great coat was deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  JAMES 
                  FULLER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const. I am servant to Messrs. Minns and Merritt; I took in this table-cloth and shawl from the prisoner
Mary-Ann Smith
            ; I had seen her two or three times before.


                  Joseph 
                  Smith
               



            's defence. The silk handkerchief is my property, I gave four shillings for it; I bought it of a man on Tower-hill.
Joseph Smith, GUILTY, aged 26.




               Of stealing goods, value 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .

Mary-Ann Smith
            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Page, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
