






585. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HAWKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               obtaining goods under false pretences
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn - I am a silk manufacterer, in partnership with Richard Clay, 
               
                  William 
                  Clay
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Clay
               



            , junior: On the 5th of June, the prisoner came to me in Town-court, Cheapside, about five o'clock in the afternoon, saying that he came from Wells and Co. Fleet-street, and wanted apiece of mode, at about five shillings per ell; I told him, I had not got one at that price; and he wished to see one as near the price as I had got one; I let him see one at 4s. 3d. per ell, which he said, would do very well; and he wished to take it with him, because it was wanted immediately; he was asked what his name was, and he said it was John Hall; he took with him, a piece of mode, about 62 ells, making about 77 yards and a half.
Q. How came you to part with this property? - A. He said, he came from Wells and Company, who are customers of our's; it is very customary in the silk trade, for gentlemen to send a porter, or some other person, without a note.
Q. Then you parted with your property, believing the person came from Wells and Company? - A. Yes.
Prisoner. Q. Can you swear positively to my person? - A. I can.
BENJAMIN GILCHRIST sworn. - I am partner in the house of Wells and Company, haberdahsers, Fleet-street.
Q. Do you know of any other house of Wells and Company, in Fleet-street? - A. There is no other house.
Q. Do you know the person of the prisoner? - A. I knew him about four years back, I bought some fans of him.
Q. Did you send him at any time, about the 5th of June, to Smith and Clay, for some mode? - A. I never did, at any time.
Q. Or give him any directions for that purpose? - A. Never.(
               
                  Joseph 
                  Macartney
               



            . a servant to Mr. Collins, pawnbroker in Long-acre, produced a piece of mode, seven yards, which he had taken in of the prisoner, on the 12th of June.)
Mr. Smith. There are some peculiarities in the fabric, which make it almost impossible for a manufacturer to be mistaken; it is mine.(Mr. Holosworth, the City-martial, produced a number of duplicates, which he received from the prisoner, among which was one that applied to the property produced by Macarlney)(
               
                  Thomas 
                  Martin
               



            , servant to Mr. Cordy, pawnbroker, produced a piece of mode pledged on the 5th of June, by a man of the name of Hill, the duplicate of which was produced by Mr. Holdsworth, and the mode identifid in the same manner by Mr. Smith.)
(
               
                  Edward 
                  Swaine
               



            , a servant to Mrs. Merritt, pawnbroker in Long-acre, produced two remnants of silk, which he received on the 15th of June, in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Wilson
               



            , the duplicate of which was produced by Mr. Holdsworth, and the mode identified in the same manner by Mr. Smith.)
(
               
                  Joseph 
                  Thomas
               



            , a servant to Mr. Harris, pawnbroker, Fleet-street, produced four remnants of mode, containing thirteen yards, which he received in pledge from the prisoner, on the 11th of June, the duplicate of which was produced by Mr. Holdsworth, and the mode identified in the same manner by Mr. Smith.)
(
               
                  Robert 
                  Starkey
               



            , a servant to Mr. Fleming, produced four remnants of mode, containing thirteen yards, which he, received in the pledge, on the 5th of June, from the prisoner; the duplicate was produced by Mr. Holdsworth, and three of the remnants identified in like manner by Mr. Smith.)
JOHN HEANES sworn. - I am clerk to Messrs Smith and Clay; I was present when the prisoner came to our house, on the 5th of June.
Q. Have you heard the evidence of your master? - A. Yes.

Q. 
            Have you any variation of that evidence to state? - A. None whatever.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner was the person? - A. Yes; the first time I saw him, which was the day he was apprehended; I knew him immediately to be the man who had had this mode; I never had a doubt of his person.

Q. 
            (To Smith.) Had you? - A. I never had any doubt of his being the person.
Prisoner's defence. At the time I was detained, Mr. Heanes declared he did not know me; nor Mr. Smith either.
The Prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
