





347. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th of May
, a frock, value 3 s, and a petticoat, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Coleman
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  COLEMAN
               



             sworn. This child was at a visit at my house at the time it was stole; I live at No. 17, Field-lane, Holborn


, it is my brother's child. On the 9th of May, about half past seven in the evening, we missed her, she had got into Holborn, playing with the bird cages, when this woman took the child and walked away with her.
Q. How old is the child. - A. Two years and four months.


                  ROBERT 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn. I am a pawbroker, I live in Baldwyn's Gardens, Leather-lane. On the 9th of May, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner at the bar left in pledge with me a frock and petticoat for two shillings, in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Brown
               



            .
Q. You know the woman. - A. Yes, I am certain she is the person.


                  MARIA 
                  DUTTON
               



             sworn. I live at the workhouse, this person brought the baby in between nine and ten o'clock, I took it in; she came to the matron, and told her she would call in the morning and see if the mother did not come; she said that she picked the child up in the pipe fields; I put the child to bed, in about three quarters of an hour Coleman and another person that is here fetched it.
Q. You are sure that is the woman who brought the child. - A Yes, that is the person that brought the child.


                  JAMES 
                  CUNNINGHAM
               



             sworn. On Friday the 9th of May, as I was coming through Baldwyn's Gardens, the prisoner at the bar said to me, I should like to split your scull, I said why, she said because you are like my husband, I said I should be very sorry ifI was, because I should not like to have such a drunken wife, she reeled very much, and was sometimes off the pavement into the road, I paid very little at tention to the conversation, she said she had been into the fields to keep herself sober, and there she found a child in the morning, the child had nothing on, she said, but a flannel bed gown and a pair of earrings; she said the child turned to her and called to her, and called her aunty, she asked the child where she lived, the child said Mutton Hill; she had, she said, been all the day and could not find the parents of the child, she had left it at Clerkenwell workhouse; I thought it was a strange story, when we went almost to the bottom of Holborn she asked me if I would drink, I told her by no means, she says I would wish you to drink with me; I thought I might have an opportunity of getting the whole of the transaction out of her; I went into the wine vaults, I looked at the woman, her right eye was black, she had a glass of gin, and when she came out of the wine vaults a woman that sold gingerbread accosted her, and says what have you done with the child you took down Holborn; I went back, asked her what she said about the child, she said this woman led a child away, she said it was Coleman's child in Field-lane; I went to Coleman and found he was out with the beadle having the child cried.
Q. I believe, if I am right, you afterwards found the child in Clerkenwell workhouse. - A. We both went there and found the baby, we brought her back; I told Coleman if he would go with me up to this wine vaults, probably they might know something of this woman; I said I am positive I should know her; we went into several houses about Saffron Hill, we could see nothing of her, when I was with her she said she was going to meet her husband at the Cow, in Cow-lane; we went there and the first object that I saw when we were at the door was this woman, we took her up, she was searched, and a great many duplicates were found upon her.


                  JAMES 
                  CLARK
               



             sworn. I am a watchman of St. Sepulchre's parish. When I was calling the hour of three o'clock in the morning, I picked up this duplicate off the pavement; the next day at Guildhall, it occurred to me when the name of Brown was mentioned, that I had a duplicate I picked up in that name; I went up to sir Watkin, and informed him that I had something that would bring the matter to light, here is the duplicate. (The frock and petticoat identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in Cold Bath Fields, I met this poor baby, about the hour of half past eight, or near nine o'clock, I could not hear who it belonged to one way or other; I went up and down Mutton Hill for half an hour, I could not hear any thing; there was a poor woman that persuaded me to take her to the workhouse, I took the child to Clerkenwell workhouse, there I left word my name was Brown, and my father lived in Shoe-lane; I told this good man that I was going to meet my husband at the Cow, in Cow-lane, is it likely that I should have told that if I had robbed the child; I have had seven children of my own, I never touched the child's clothes, I have too much feeling for a baby.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
