





439. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     SUTHERLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of August
, twenty-seven pounds weight of soap, value 19 s. five brushes, value 5 s. three quarts of oil, value 2 s. 6 d. a stone bottle, value 1 s. a bottle of pickles, value 1 s. a bottle, value 2 d. a pint of pickles, value 10 d. two skins of leather, value 2 s. and a ball of packthread, value 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Lambert
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  LAMBERT
               



             sworn. - I live on Ludgate-hill


, I am an oilman
; the prisoner was one of my porter
s; he had lived with me ever since the 25th of October last: In consequence of information that I received on Thursday, the 2d of August, at six o'clock in the morning, before my porters came to their work, I marked twenty bars of soap with this wafer-stamp at each end; the soap was in a bin in the cellar locked up; about nine o'clock I ordered them all to breakfast; I then examined the bin, and found two of the marked cakes were gone; I then thought that, being an outside mark, it might be defaced, and I procured some wires about two inches in length; I then put them at each end of the bars of the soap; after they were gone from their work in the evening, I examined the bin again, and two other cakes were gone, which made four; on the next day, when they were gone to dinner, I examined the bin again, and there was one more gone; in the evening, after they were gone, I examined it again, and two more were gone, which made three on the Friday; on Saturday, when they were gone to their breakfast, I found one gone; at dinner time there was another gone, and in the evening there were two more gone, which made in the whole eleven bars of soap; from information, I employed a constable to watch him on the Sunday morning.
Q. How many servants have you in the house? - A. Four porters and a shopman.


                  JOHN 
                  WEATHERFIELD
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I was employed to watch the prisoner: On Sunday morning, I waited with Mr. Lambert's nephew from eight o'clock till nine, at No. 47, East-Smithfield, and within a few minutes of nine o'clock, Mr. Lambert's nephew shewed me the prisoner; he had a bag across his shoulder with this soap wrapped up in an apron in it; there were twenty-four pounds weight of soap in the bag; I jumped out of the coach, and waited for the prisoner coming up to the door, he went in at No. 47, at Robarts's, a potato warehouse; I followed him, I never had him out of my sight; he sat down, I went up to him, and told him he was my prisoner; I took the bag and him into custody, and conveyed him into the coach; I then asked him where he lived, and he gave me one or two false directions; by great persuasions we got from him where he lived, and there we found a great deal of Mr. Lambert's property, oil, and a great many other things.
Q. What did you do with Robarts, did you take him? - A. No; they mostly lock the officer out of their house; I secured the prisoner, and took the property.
Court. You did very right, but the house may be watched.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. It was in open day-light? - A. It was about nine o'clock in the morning.
Court. (To the prosecutor.) Q. Look at the soap? (the soap produced) - A. Here is the stamp that I put at the ends of the bars, and in this one there is the wire; I have some of the same wire left in my pocket, which exactly corresponds with this.
(Mr. Lambert shewed to the Court the piece of wire he had left, and the wire he had then taken out of the soap.)
Mr. Alley. (To the prosecutor.) Q. I suppose you did not take this man without a good character? - A. No, I had a good character with him.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
