





633. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FREELAND
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he on the 12th of August
 was servant to 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Green
                        




                     
                  , and was employed and entrusted by him to receive money for him, that being such servant
, and so employed and entrusted, did receive and take into his possession the sum of. 5 s. 6 d. on account of his said master, and that he afterwards did feloniously embezzle, secrete, and steal, three shillings, part of the same five shillings and six-pence
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a haberdasher
, I live in Marybone street, Golden square


. The prisoner Freeland was in my employ.
Q. And you employed him to receive money for you - A. Yes. 
               
                  James 
                  Budgell
               



             came to buy some articles in the shop that came to five shillings and sixpence, and when he was gone, the prisoner only gave half a crown. When any body serves the customers, we have a boy that takes the money from us; then the prisoner took eight shillings of a lady. Instead of taking the thirteen shillings and sixpence to the book, he only took ten shillings and sixpence, and only made a check of ten shillings and sixpence in the check book.
"August 12, No. 14, 10 s. 6 d." this is his hand writing.
Q. How do you know that he took eight shillings of the lady - A. There was a memorandum of it, he said eight shillings I believe.


                  JAMES 
                  BUDGELL
               



            . I am an assistant officer of Marlborough street. On the 12th of August Mr. Cragg spoke to me.
Q. What did you do - A. On the 12th I went to Mr.Green's shop, I bought a quarter of a pound of fourpenny black thread, it came to thirteen-pence halfpenny; a quarter of an ounce of tenpenny white thread, that came to twopence halfpenny; I bought a black silk handkerchief, I gave four shillings for it; it came to five shillings and fourpence altogether; I gave the prisoner half a crown and three shillings, he gave me twopence halfpenny in change, the change was twopence, I did not return the halfpenny. I then walked out of the shop. I went to Cragg and told him what I had done.
Q. You was sent on purpose - A. Yes; the money was given me by Cragg.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRAGG
               



            . Q. You gave the money to the last witness - A. Yes. I searched the prisoner's pockets, I found the three marked shillings.
Q. to Budgell. Did you have any marked shillings - A. Yes, three, I received them from Cragg.


                  JAMES 
                  CRAYDON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Green. On Friday the 12th of August, I was at a public house in the neighbourhood, I saw the three shillings which Cragg had marked; about a quarter of an hour afterwards I saw Budgell come in and buy the articles that he has specified. I have seen the shillings which were taken from the prisoner, and I know them to be the same that I saw at the public house.


                  REECE 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am Mr. Green's cash-keeper. Budgell came to the shop, and laid out five shillings and fourpence; he only brought me half a crown.
Q. Were you present when these goods were sold for five shillings and fourpence - A. No.
Q. Then you only know that the prisoner gave you half a crown - A. Yes; the prisoner took eight shillings of another customer; he brought me half a guinea, and I gave him half a crown change.
Prisoner. I lived with Mr. Green in the capacity of a shopman twelve months, and finding that he did not settle with me, I was under the necessity of purchasing a few articles. I kept back that money.
Q. to prosecutor. Were there any wages due to him - A. He never asked me for any wages; about a fortnight before this I asked him if he wanted any money; he said money was acceptable at all times; I meaned to pay him that week he was taken up. I have paid all my servants wages up to Midsummer.
Prisoner's Defence. It was not my intention to defraud Mr. Green eventually. I meaned to reimburse the money when he settled with me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Heath.
