





496. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     MARFLEET
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 30th of August
, eighty nine pound weight of flour, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Swann
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SWANN
               



             sworn. Q. You are a baker
 at Kensington


; on the 30th of August last did any thing take place with respect to the prisoner. - A. Yes; having suspicion of the prisoner robbing me, I went to a neighbour's house about a quarter after three in the morning; the prisoner came, he usually rang my bell, and the boy let him in; after he had been in the house about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, I perceived the prisoner coming out with two bags of flour.
Q. How much was it. - A. Eighty nine pounds of flour; after he came out a gentleman, who is in court, and I, pursued him, he made a kind of a stop and let one of the bags fall, holding the other under his arm; I then went to him, and asked him what he had got, he made me no answer, I said I suppose you have got my flour; he begged me to let him take it back and put it in the trough where we had taken it from, and if I would forgive him, he would leave the town; I told him I could not think of doing that, he must go along with me.
Q. How long had he lived with you. - A. Nearly four years.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HUGHES
               



             sworn. I produce the bags of flour.
- TONY sworn. Q. Do you recollect what the prisoner said respecting his master. - A. He said his intention was to bring his master to the workhouse by May next, and then to leave him.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley.
Q. Did you see him take the flour and put it in the bag. - A. Yes.
Q. And you permitted him to do it, a very honest lad you are. - A. When I first went to Mr. Swann he was robbing his master then, and he said if I told Mr. Swann he would kill me; I saw him bring those bags out of Mr. Swann's house, and Mr. Swann took them from him.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
