





318. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TARRATT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Moore
                        




                     
                  , no person being therein, about the hour of three in the afternoon of the 25th of February
, and stealing a rifle barrelled gun, value 4l. a fowling piece, value 30s. a pair of pistols, value 30s. a silver tea ladle, value 2s. a silver teastrainer, value 1s. and a plated milk ladle, value 1s. the property of the said Thomas
            .
THOMAS MOORE sworn. - I keep a house on Wilsden-green


; I was in town at the time.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  MARTIN
               



             sworn. - I had the care of the prosecutor's house: I went out on the 25th of February, about eleven in the morning; I fastened the door and windows, and left nobody at all in the house; I returned about ten minutes before four; I found the back door wide open, and every thing moved about; I found the staple of the door bent, and the lock drawn.
Q. Did you know the prisoner? - A. Yes; I have a daughter that lives with his father; I missed a rifle-barrelled gun and a pistol, that was all I missed at that time.


                  GEORGE 
                  COLEMAN
               



             sworn. - I took the prisoner; he had another boy
 with him about thirteen years of age, that made his escape; the prisoner had a rifle barrelled gun, and some things in his pocket, which the watchman took from him; I am a porter at Lady Salisbury's; I happened to be at Wilsden-green, and I stopped the prisoner about four miles from the prosecutor's house; the other boy had the other gun, (produces them both); the prisoner said he had brought it from Harrow; the other boy said he had brought it from Greenwich, and afterwards said a man gave them to him in Cavendish-square; they were at that time coming towards Cavendish-square; it was then nigh upon six o'clock.


                  FRANCIS 
                  RICKETTS
               



             sworn. - I was with the last witness; I assisted in taking the boy; I know no more than he does.


                  RICHARD 
                  MOAY
               



             sworn. - I am a watch-house keeper of Mary-le-bonne; when the prisoner was brought to me to the watch-house, I searched him, and found a brace of pistols in his coat pocket, a tea strainer, a caddle ladle, and a milk ladle. (Produces them).
Mr. Moore. I had not slept in the house since before Christmas; Martin takes care of the house; I had been about three days before, and seen all these things; the pistols are worth a guinea and a half; the gun I would not take four or five guineas for; if it was offered me; I went down afterwards, and found the tea-chest, out of which this tea ladle was taken, broke to pieces; I know all these things to be mine.
Q. I put it to you as a man of candour; do you think it possible that such a boy as that could make use of force sufficient to break this door open? - A. I will tell you why; if it had been a short instrument, he could not have done it for want of purchase, but there was a garden-spade near the door, and it having a long handle, would give a purchase sufficient for such a boy to do it.
Q. Then you think it might have been done by such a boy as that? - A. I am sorry to say I have no doubt about it.
Prisoner's defence. I was not near the house at all; the other boy gave them to me.
GUILTY, aged 12. - 


               Of stealing the goods, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
