





513. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     HUGHES
                  , otherwise 
FENTON





            ,was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of May
, an apron, value 1s. two shifts, value 2s. five caps, value 1s. five handkerchiefs, value 2s. three pair of stockings, value 3s. a pair of pockets, value 6d. and a sheet, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Arabella 
                     Roberts
                  




               
            .
ARABELLA ROBERTS sworn. - I live at Mr. Twaite's, at the Hoop and Anchor: On the 18th of May, I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, (repeating them.) from the kitchen table; the prisoner came in just before for half a pint of beer; she was in the kitchen about five minutes; I saw them there about five minutes before she came in, and missed them as soon as the went out; I went to look after her, but could not find her directly; she was stopped about four in the afternoon by Mr. Butler, a pawnbroker.


                  JOHN 
                  BUTLER
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker: I know the prisoner; I took her as I was accidentally taking a walk in the afternoon; I had had a description of her from the prosecutrix; I saw the bundle under her arm, and she answering the description, I took her to Mr. Twaite's, in West-street, near Chick-lane; this was between four and five in the afternoon; I gave her in charge to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Wentworth
               



            , the constable.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WENTWORTH
               



             sworn. - I took the prisoner into custody; the bundle was given to me, and has been in my custody ever since. (They were produced, and identified by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's defence. I went into this house to have half a pint of beer, and while the man was giving me the change, a woman gave me a wink to come out with her; I went with her, and going along she gave me this bundle to take care of; and walking, along I missed the woman, and was looking for her, and this man came up and asked me where I got the bundle; she went to pawn a check apron, and left the bundle with me; I went about the street two hours seeking her.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
