





195. 
               
                  
                     SIMON 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of December
, a shirt, value 19s
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Jarman
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  JARMAN
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Jarman
               



            , a paper-stainer
, at Knights-bridge


, I take in families washing: On Wednesday the 3d of December, about half after five in the afternoon, I lost a shirt, it was hanging, with other linen, to dry in the parlour; the shirt was missing, and I heard nothing of it till the next morning, Crocker came to me, and asked if I had lost a shirt.


                  EDWARD 
                  CROCKER
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Bow-street: I was going down Sloane-street, about half past four o'clock, on the 3d of December, and I observed the prisoner cross from North-street, Sloane-street, he had a blue apron on, and I saw him rolling something up in his apron before him; I asked him what he had got there; he said a shirt; there was another with him; I then called to Blackburn to secure him; I asked the prisoner where the first came from; and he said he brought it from Chelsea; we took him to a public-house, and from thence to the office.
Q. Did you know him before? - A. He had been at our office before.
Q. Was the shirt wet or dry? - A. It was wet.(Produces the shirt).
Mrs. Jarman. This is the shirt I had missed.
Q. Do you know any thing of the prisoner? - A. No.
Q. What street did you live in? - A. North-street.
Prisoner's defence. I picked it up on the bridge at Chelsea.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
