





685. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILLMOTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of October
, twenty yards of velvet, value, 4 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wells
                        




                     
                   in his dwelling house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WELLS
               



             I am a linen draper
, I live at the corner of Fleet-market, Holborn Bridge


, my young man sleeps there, and I have slept there; it is in the parish of St. Andrew's, Holborn.
Q. Have you any partners. - A. No. I can speak to nothing but the goods; I was out at the time of the transaction.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DENHAM
               



            . I am a bricklayer. Last Wednesday, about a quarter past two in the afternoon I was passing Well's house; I saw the prisoner stoop and reach within the shop, and take something from a case within the shop; I at first thought from the unconcerned manner he did it that he belonged to the shop; I saw him reach the piece to a young man, who appeared a companion; the young man declined taking it, as it appeared they were observed, and he went off. Directly I see the prisoner with the piece under his arm going up the market; I immediately pursued him and cried out stop thief; there were several persons in pursuit. As soon as the cry was raised, he threw the piece down among some fish guts in the fish market; I did not pick up the piece, but followed the prisoner. Going up the side of the market an elderly man attempted to stop him, the prisoner struck him and knocked him down; in his falling the prisoner stumbled against his feet, which gave me an opportunity of laying hold of him. An officer came up and I gave him in charge to the officer immediately; I never lost sight of him; he was taken within two hundred yards of the place where the robbery was commited.


                  ANN 
                  RIDER
               



            . I sell greens and fruit in the market, I have a stand there. I was standing at my stand, all of a sudden I heard the cry of Stop thief; I saw the prisoner taken to the shop where he had been thieving something; I turned myself round, I saw something laying among some fish guts that was chucked behind me; I laid it on the top of a basket, and in less than three minutes a boy came down to me, and the boy said I must have this roll of stuff; he said he came from his master for it; the boy carried it to the shop.
Q. Is the boy here. - A.(Prosecutor). No, he met with a severe accident yesterday and broke his ancle, he is a bed very ill.
Q.(to Rider). Did you see the boy take it to the shop. - A. I saw him go up the market, I did not watch him to the shop; the master said he received it.
Prosecutor. Denham shewed me the spot where the prisoner throwed the piece of goods; and Rider shewed me the spot where she found it.
(The property produced and identified.)
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.
GUILTY, aged 20.
Of 


               stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
