






749. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSON
               




             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BARNES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of September
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Mascall
                     



                  , a leather purse, value 1d. a seven-shilling piece, two shillings, four Bank-notes, value 8l. nineteen other Bank-notes, value 19l. a Cambridge Bank-note, value 1l. 1s. and another Cambridge Bank-note, value 1l. the property of 
                     
                        Peter 
                        Foy
                     




.
PETER FOY sworn. - I went into the Oxford-Arms, Whitecross-street


, with one Crosby to pay him six shillings that I owed him; I called for a quartern of gin in the tap-room, and I drew out the purse and notes, and asked the landlord to change me a one-pound note; he said, he had no change; the prisoner, Johnson, was by; Crosby said, call for a pint of beer, and I will get you change; we went into a room, and Johnson followed us; I pulled out my purse, and took out a one-pound note, and gave it to Crosby; I placed my purse upon the table, with my breast leaning over it; Crosby went out, and brought me in the change, and a bad half guinea; Crosby took the half guinea, and said, he would get it changed; on his coming back, Barnes came in with him; Johnson was leaning out at the window, when Crosby came up to lay down the change, and Barnes came behind me, whipped his hand undermy arm, took the purse off the table, and ran out with it; there were only those three persons in the room; Johnson and Crosby then came on each side of me, to prevent my stirring till he was out of the room; I cried out, murder! and they ran away after him; there were in the purse nineteen onepound Bank-notes, four two pound notes, two Cambridge notes, a seven-shilling piece, and two shillings in silver; I had had them all in my hand just before, and put them in again; Johnson was taken the next day at the Three Mariners, in Fore-street, and on Sunday the 2d of October, I met Barnes coming up Whitecross-street; I made a snap at him, and he ran off, and turned down a lane; I called out, stop thief! and he was brought back to me; I am sure the two prisoners are the same men; Barnes said, when he was taken, "I did not rob you, but I know who did," and as he was going to prison, he said, "am I to die now for this, and have been only ten months from Ireland."
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. How long have you been out of Ireland? - A.Five years.
Q. In what way of life are you? - A. I work in the country in harvest time, and in winter I buy skins, and deal in hair; I received this 28l. from Mr. Bride, for horse-hair.
Q.Is he here? - A.No.
Q. Did you ever charge a person in Essex with robbing you of ten pounds? - A.Never; I was at a public-house, where there was a riot, and a man was very ill-used; I appeared as an evidence for him; I dropped some notes in the yard, and the ostler brought them to me; I was not robbed of them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLLIER
               



             sworn. - On the 2d of October, about nine o'clock in the morning, I was going through Cow-heel-alley; I heard a cry of, murder and stop thief! I saw the prisoner, Barnes, running; I caught him by the collar; the prosecutor came up, and gave charge of him for robbing him of twenty-nine pounds.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MASCALL
               



             sworn. - I keep the Oxford-Arms; Johnson, Crosby, and the prosecutor came to my house on the 23d of September; Foy had a great many Bank-notes; I desired him to put them in his pocket; that was in my back kitchen; he gave Crosby a note to get change; he got change; soon after I heard Foy cry out; I was in the bar; I went to assist him, and they were gone; the bar is at some distance from the kitchen.
Mr. Alley. Q. You did not see Barnes there? - A. No.
The prisoners left their defence to their Counsel, and Barnes called five witnesses, who gave him a good character. Johnson, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 28,
Barnes, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 24, Of stealing the goods, but not in the dwelling-house.





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
