





510. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CONNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of May
, a cloth coat, value 5s. and a hat, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Mentor
               




            .


                  EDWARD 
                  MENTOR
               



             sworn. - On the 9th of May, I was unfortunately locked out of my lodging, and I went and got a lodging in Dyot-street


; a person went out of the lodging about seven in the morning, and left the door open; the prisoner came in a little time after, and stopped a minute or two, and went out again; seeing him go out, I jumped out of bed, and missed my coat and hat; it was on the lower floor; I dressed myself, all but my coat and hat, and went out, but could see nothing of him; I went in again, and in ten minutes, or a quarter of an hour, the prisoner came, and stood opposite the door; I went out, and laid hold of him; he immediately 
               drew
             a knife upon me; there were a parcel of people there rescued him from me; I ran into the house, and he followed me, and I took up the poker in my own defence; he then shut up the knife, and sat down in a chair; I went to the door, and locked it, and then he owned he had got my coat and hat, and said, he would give it me up, if I would go out with him; the woman of the house and me went out with him; then he drew the knife again, a parcel of people came up, and took his part, and I was obliged to leave him; I told them the case, but nobody would take my part, till Tierney, a witness, came up, and helped me to take him; he said then, he would give them up; we went to his lodging, he gave up the coat; he said he could not find the hat; I never got the hat again. (The coat was produced and identified by the prosecutor.)


                  ANDREW 
                  TIERNEY
               



             sworn. - I am a labourer in St. Giles's.
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A. Yes; I don't know how he gets his bread: On the 9th of May, coming by Dyot-street, I saw a man standing in the street without a hat or coat; I asked what was amiss; they told me, young Connor had robbed the man; I saw him across the way, and went and took him; the prosecutor was by, relating the case to me; the prosecutor desired his coat again; he said, you b-r, what coat; the neighbours said, we must get somebody to take him to the watch-house; he then said, he would give up the hat and coat; I went with him to his lodgings, and got the coat; he had a drawn knife in his hand; I took it from him. (Producing it.)
Q.(To the Prosecutor.) Whose house was it you slept at? - A. I don't know; it was kept by a woman.
Q. Did she appear to be a woman of good repute? - A. Yes; it is a lodging-house.
Q. Did she know the prisoner? - A. She called him by his name.
Q. Did any body else sleep in the same room? - A. Yes, two women in another bed.
Q. Were they in bed when the prisoner came in? - A. Yes.
Prisoner's defence. Coming up Dyot-street, I was in liquor, a girl that knew me called me into a house; I had this coat of my own over my arm; a man followed me, and said, I had got his coat; I said, if I had his coat, I would give it him; Tierney came up, and knocked me down.
Q.(To Tierney.) Do you know the prisoner? - A. Yes, some years; he has been employed by Mr. Wellings to drive the military bread waggons.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
