





391. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SHIELD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of April
, a pocket-book, value 6d. two Bank-notes, value 10l. two other Bank-notes, value 4l. and one other Banknote, value 1l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bellew
                        




                     
                   privily from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BELLEW
               



            , Esq
. sworn. - I am a private gentleman, I live ten miles from Exeter; I had my pocket picked coming out of the Foundling-chapel


; I buttoned my coat pocket when I came out of the chapel, and within a minute of that time, I discovered my pocket unbuttoned, and my pocket-book taken out; the instant that I put my hand towards my pocket, the prisoner, who was close by my side, hasted forward; I pursued him as fast as I could through the people; I never lost sight of him; I seized him, and accused him of having taken my pocket-book; he declared his innocence, and said he was a tradesman in such a street, such a number; he told me he had not my pocket-book, he was innocent; I told him. I would not let him go, and during the altercation, I saw him take my pocket-book out of his pocket, and throw if into the street, a little boy picked it up, and said, "I have got your pocket-book, sir;" I continued to hold him, and had him carried, I believe, into the vestry, where the governors were; my pocket-book contained five Bank-notes, two of five pounds, two of two pounds, and one of one pound, making together fifteen pounds.
Q. Did you feel any thing at your pocket; I thought I did, which caused me to put my hand down.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. I take it for granted there were a great many people collected? - A. Yes.
Q. Had you got compleatly clear from the crowd before you stopped him? - A. Yes.
Q. It was dark, was it not? - A. It was light enough to discover that it was a red body.
Q. Do you mean to say, that by no possiblemeans you could be mistaken in his being that person who was next to you? - A. I think it impossible.
Jury. Q. Which pocket was your pocket-book in? - A. My lest.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. There was a very considerable press upon you? - A. Yes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SOUTH
               



             sworn. - I picked up the pocket-book and gave it to Mr. Bellew, the prisoner is the man that threw it away.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. How old are you? - A. Thirteen.
Q. Had you been to the chapel? - A. Yes.
Q. There was too great a crowd for you to see who did this? - A. No, they made room when the prisoner was running. GUILTY




               Of stealing, but not privily, from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middilesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
