





766. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     EARLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of September
, sixty-nine yards of ribbon, value 1l. 4s. 10d
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Susannah 
                     Pussord
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  PUSSORD
               



             sworn. - I am a widow; I keep a shop
, No. 204, Upper Thames-street


; on Wednesday the 22d of September, about two o'clock, I lost some ribbon; I was not at home at the time. 
( 
               Mary-Ann Pussord
            , fourteen years old, was called, but not knowing the nature of an oath, she was not examined.)


                  MARY 
                  BATES
               



             sworn. - I was left in care of the shop; on the 22d of September, I came into the shop and found a little girl and the prisoner in the shop; there were two yards of ribbon lying on the counter; the prisoner asked for some patterns to shew his aunt, which the little girl gave him; he gave me half a guinea to change, and said he would call again for the change; he went away and staid about a quarter of an hour; he then came back, and said his aunt said he might have what ribbon he liked; he asked to see some silk handkerchiefs; the little girl shewed him one; he then asked to see another; while the little girl turned round, I saw him put his hand in the ribbon box, which laid on the counter, and then put his hand to his left hand breeches pocket; I cannot say what he took out; I then went up stairs and called a gentleman, who came down; I asked the prisoner to step in the parlour; I then told him to turn out his pockets; he said, if I dared to search him I should get a constable; I left him in charge with the gentleman, and got a constable, who searched him, and found four rolls of ribbon in his pocket; he said they were not ours, he had bought them of a Jew, in Rag-fair, for 4s. 6d.(The constable produced the property, which was identified by Mrs. Pussord.)
Prisoner's defence. I honestly bought these ribbons and paid for them. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
