





465. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BARBER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 22nd of April
, a watch. value 5 l. a chain, value 6 d. and a seal, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Walter 
                           Carr
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WALTER CARR. I am a ship-master
.
Q. When did you lose your watch - A. On the 22nd of April, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, in Gracechurch-street


; I was walking towards theSpread Eagle, where I lodge. Three men in contract met me; the prisoner shoved me with his hand in the breast, and at the very instant took my watch from my pocket, which I felt; I immediately endeavoured to take hold of him, but the other two jumped in before me. I holloed out stop thief; the two others absconded; I followed the prisoner, calling out stop thief; he ran down the street towards London bridge. Several people in the street endeavoured to stop him; he turned, and ran the other way; I never lost sight of the prisoner all the time, except when a coach stood in the way; he was one side of the coach, and I of the other; he fell down, and the constable laid hold of him. I said this man has stolen my watch; he was taken into a house, the constable there searched him; he immediately said you are mistaken in the man, I did not steal the watch, I was running, calling out stop thief. After some search, the constable said, I feel something like a watch; I said I will give you the description of it. I gave the description; the watch exactly corresponded with the description I gave. The watch was found upon the prisoner.
SAMUEL SHEPHARD. I am an officer. On Saturday, April the 22nd, I was in Gracechurch-street, I heard the cry of stop thief; I saw the prisoner run across the road, he turned back; I took hold of him, and took him into a public house; I searched him, and found the watch between the lining of his breeches, under the ham.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of taking the watch I am accused of, the same being given me in the following manner; I was accosted by two men who said they were going to walk for a wager, they told me to take the watch to tell the time. I am now sixteen years of age, and should I be so unfortunate as to be found guilty most humbly beg the clemency of the court to order me on board one of his Majesty's ships of war.
Q. to prosecutor. Are you sure the prisoner is the person that took the watch from you - A. I swear that he is the person that took the watch from me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
