





128. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of December
, a pair of plated candlesticks, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  David 
                  Wedderburn
               




            , Esq.




                  MARY 
                  BLACK
               



             sworn. - I am cook at David Wedderburn's, Esq. No. 6, Hanover-square


: On Sunday the 5th of December, the prisoner at the bar came down the area steps into the pantry; I went into the pantry, and asked him what he was doing there; he said, "nothing, ma'am;" I said, you are stealing the plate, and he shot a pair of plated candlesticks and snuffers, which he had in a blue apron, on to the table in the pantry; I told him I would shut him in, but I had a dish of fish in my hand; I did not like to throw that down, and I let him go through the passage; I called 
               Thomas
             a great many times, but he did not hear me; I halloa'd in the area, stop thief, but he shut too the gate; he was stopped in Brunswick-square by the officers; I went to Hatton-garden to see him, and I am certain he is the man; I should know him from a thousand men; I did not see him till the 23d of December, but I am certain he is the man.
Q. You are sure he had the candlesticks in his apron? - A. Yes, these are them (produces them); it was half past two o'clock; there were more by, but he had not time.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRAY
               



             sworn. - This plate was in my charge; I know them to belong to Mr. David Wedderburn.


                  JAMES 
                  HANCOCK
               



             sworn. - The prisoner was brought to our office in custody; he had this blue apron and steel on, and a blue jacket; he broke the cieling of the lock-up house, and would have escaped if I had not come as I did.
Prisoner's defence. The young woman is mistaken in the person. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 42.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
