





310. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CANEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 30th of March
, two pound weight of soap, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Nowland
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Nowland
                  



               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  JAMES 
                  NOWLAND
               



            . - Mr. Gurney. Are you servant to Messrs. Nowland. - A. I am; they have a soap house

 near Hermitage wharf


.
Q. Do you know the prisoner. - A. Yes, he is an excise man
. On Monday the thirtieth of March, he was at my master's soap house surveying there; about twelve o'clock I saw him in the cutting room, in the soap house where the men cut the slabs; I left the cutting room and returned there again in about three or four minutes, the prisoner was in the stoke hole.
Q. When you returned to the cutting room, did you observe any thing. - A. I observed a pile of bars of soap which had three at the top, and there was one gone; I immediately informed my master. I afterwards saw a green bag, it was pointed out to me by Mr. Nowland; I watched that bag for an hour and a half, and then I saw the prisoner take up the bag and go off the premises with it. I saw him brought back to the accompting house.
Q. When the prisoner went out I suppose he was relieved by another officer. - A. He was.


                  JOHN 
                  NOWLAND
               



            . - Mr. Gurney. What is the name of your partner. - A. James, my father.
Q. On the 30th of March you received information from your servant. - A. I did.
Q. Did you observe the prisoner go from your premises. - A. I did.
Q. Did you cause him to be brought back directly. - A. I did; he was brought into my accompting house, he had in his hand a green bag; I asked him if he had any objection to my searching the bag, he said he had not; this took place in the street. When I first stopped him I asked him what was in the bag, he said it was soap but not mine; this bag contained ten pieces; these are the pieces (the soap produced); that was not the particular quality of soap that we had on the premises, I was satisfied that it was not my property. I asked him where he had got it, he hesitated, and said if I would be kind with him he would inform me.
Mr. Knapp. Before he told you any thing in consequence of your questioning him, had not you told him there was an officer waiting ready to take him in custody. - A. I told him there was an officer ready to take him in custody, it was of no use to resist.
Mr. Gurney. Do not tell me what the prisoner said to you about accounting for the soap you produce; go on. - A. I told him he could expect nomercy of me as there were printed papers in the manufactory, stating if any person was detected they would be prosecuted; he said he had a large family. I said it was impossiable he could expect any favour of me; I asked where the soap was that he took from my cutting room in the morning; he said he had not got any soap of mine, nor he never robbed me; I told him I had strong reason to think a bar of soap had been gone that morning, and I must insist upon knowing where it was. At that moment I did not expect that he had the property about him, I thought he had hid it in the stoke hole; he still begged for mercy, I told him the officer was waiting for him; he then put his two hands into his pockets, and drew from each pocket a piece of soap, saying, that is the soap I took. (The soap produced.)
Q. Would these two pieces of soap make a complete bar. - A. They form a complete bar.
Q. Did you compare that soap with the soap in the pile. - A. I did, it matched in complexion exactly.
Q. Have you any doubt of it being your property. - A. From all the circumstances, I can have no doubt.
Q. The value is not above eighteen pence. - A. No.
Q. You sent for the police officer, he came and took him in custody. - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Have you no other partner than your father. - A. No.
Q. I suppose this is common mottle soap. - A. Yes.
Q. Any other manufacturer could manufacture the same soap as you. - A. Certainly.
Q. Is there any thing to distinguish this soap from any other persons. - A. It is very dark, I very seldom have a boil so dark.
Q. There is no mark to it. - A. There is no mark at all.

 The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, called eight witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
