





601. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             was indicted for fe- for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of August
, twenty-six yards, and three quarters of a yard of gingham, value 1 l. 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Sharp
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Risen
                  



               
            .
FRANCIS BLAKE. I have the management of Mr. Sharp's business, he is a partner to 
               
                  William 
                  Risen
               



            , they are linen drapers

, they live at the corner of Milk-street, Cheapside


. On the 27th of August, between seven and eight in the evening, I was told that the prisoner took a piece of gingham that was hanging inside of the door; the boy ran after her and took it from her at the bottom of Wood-street. I overtook him and took it from the boy.
Q. Did you see him overtake her. - A. I did not.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HACK
               



            . I was standing at the door, I saw the prisoner take the gingham from Mr. Sharp's door.

Q. Do you live in the neighboured. - A. I did then.
Q. Where was the linen hanging. - A It was on a pile within side the door, it was fastened with two strings; I directly told 
               
                  John 
                  King
               



            , a lad that lived with Mr. Blake; he went after her. I am sure the prisoner is the woman.


                  JOHN 
                  KING
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Sharp, I was in his shop at the time it was stole. On my coming to the door I was told that the woman had taken it; I ran after her directly and took it away from her. Mr. Blake came up and I gave it to him. She had the gingham in her hand.
- JOHNSON. I am an hosier. I was standing at the door when the young man announced to me there was a robbery at Mr. Sharp's. Upon my approaching the prisoner, I took the gingham from the young man, for him to secure the prisoner; I then took the gingham to my own warehouse and deliver- it to the constable.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going along Cheapside, I picked that cotton up, it was twenty yards from that shop; the lad came up to me, he said my good mistress that piece of gingham belongs to our shop; I said if it is yours take it. That young man came up and said I should not go, he would charge an officer with me. I had the cloth in my hand; I did not cover it with any thing.
Q.(to Elizabeth Hack.) You said you saw her take it. - A. I saw her take it; I will be upon my oath that she took it from the side of the door.



               GUILTY
             aged 48.




               Transported for Seven Years
            

London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
