





715. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Pritchett
                        




                     
                   on the 22d of August
, a bank-note, value 5 l. his property
            .


                  MARY 
                  PRITCHETT
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Pritchett
               



            , we live in Southampton buildings, St. Andrews, we keep a public house
, the sign of the Grotto


. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Smith
               



             came and asked me for change of a ten pound note on the 22d of August, he had run up a bill of 5 l. 4 s. he told me if I would give him a 5 l. note he would give me a 10 l. note and the rest of the money. I fetched the 5 l. note, I laid it down on the bar he took out his pocketbook to give me a 10 l. note, he took up my 5 l. note, he did not give me the 10 l. note.
Q. What became of him - A. He went to speak to a gentleman at the door, I saw no more of him.
Q. He said he wanted to speak to a gentleman at the door, did he - A. Yes.
Q. Did you object - A. I had not time to object to his going. I told my husband he was gone.
Q. You are sure he did not give you a 10 l. note - A. I never saw it.

Q. Can you say with certainty that he never took it out of his pocket-book - A. I never saw him take it out.
Q. You did not pursue him or give any alarm - A. Not till I told my husband, that was almost directly.
Q. Was he pursued - A. He was pursued in about three hours or sooner than that.
Q. Your husband was at home at the time - A. Yes.
Q. When he went out did he say he would return - A. No, before that he had ordered a dinner for himself and two friends, my husband went down stairs and cut a loin of lamb into chops.
Q. What time of the day was this - A. Between twelve and one, he said he would be ready for his dinner between twelve and one.
Q. Did you see him again that day - A. No he did not come to dinner, I did not see him till I saw him at Hatton Garden office on the Thursday following, I believe.
Mr. Knapp. Q. How long had this man used your public house - A. A week or a fortnight, I cannot say. We went into the house on the 11th, and this was on the 22d, he did not sleep at our house, he only had some meals.
Q. Had he never been acquainted with your husband - A. Never.
Q. You say he asked you to give him change for a 10 l. note - A. He told me he would settle the bill.
Q. You were to give 5 l. and that would make up the amount of ten pound, at that very moment he took the note he said there was a gentleman, did you see whether there was a gentleman - A. There was a gentleman, I did not see him go to him. I did not expect that I had a moment to wait for the change.
Q. Then after he spoke to the gentleman he went away directly - A. I do not know that he spoke to him, he went away.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  PRITCHETT
               



            . Q. What do you know of your own knowledge of this transaction - A. He came to me on the Monday, I asked him for the 3 l. that my wife had lent him to pay his men, and the twelve shillings, he damned me and told me to go down stairs. On Tuesday morning he came again, I asked him for the money he told me he would pay my wife, he told me to go down stairs and cook him a dinner for himself and two friends, he ordered the dinner in half an hour. I went down stairs and as soon as I cut the chops I put them on the fire. I asked my wife whether Smith had paid her, she said no.
Q. You must not tell what your wife said - A. I found him that same day about 3 o'clock. I took him in the open street in Leather Lane. He told me he lodged at Mr. Lock's, a butcher in Fulwood's rents.
Q. Do you know whether that was true - A. - Yes, he had lodged there, but he had no box or trunk there, he had desired me to fetch them. When I caught him in Leather Lane he tried to get away from me. I told him he was my prisoner, I should not loose him till I went before a magistrate, he told me to be quiet and hold my tongue he would settle it. I took him into Mr. Neptune's public-house by force, he pretended to take out his pocket book to give me the 10 l. note; he had only five one pound notes which I supposed he had taken for the change of the five pound note that he had taken off my bar, he was taken to Hatton-garden office.
Mr. Knapp. He produced the pocket-book, and in the pocket-book were five one pound notes - A. Yes, he offered them to me for the debt that he owed me, it is in the possession of the officer. I took them five one pound notes by the consent of the gentlemen present for the satisfaction of the debt.


                  JOHN 
                  OWEN
               



            . I lodge at Mr. Pritchett's, I stood at the bar at the time that Mr. Smith asked for a 5 l. note to pay his bill, she went up stairs and brought down a note but I do not know the colour of it. Smith took his pocket book out, and put the note in it and went, he told Mrs. Pritchett there was a gentleman waiting, but I paid no attention.


                  JAMES 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . I am an officer. On the day stated in the indictment, I was sent for to take the prisoner in custody, he was then in the parlour at Mr. Neptune's public house. Mr. Pritchett desired me to take him in custody, the prisoner said he would settle it with him, the landlord and he had some words, he put down the five one pound notes, and the landlord took them and went out to get a stamp receipt to give him. I searched him, I could not find any other money about him than the five one pound notes, the landlord then insisted upon me taking him in custody. I took him to the office, and in conveying him to the house that we use called the Royal Oak, he said he would give me and my brother officer a guinea, if we could do it away for him, this is the pocket book that I took away from him, four of the notes were given to me, the other he said he had sent out to get a stamp receipt.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, and called two witnesses who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 25.




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
