





304. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MIDDLETON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 5th of March
, a screen, value 7 s. a guinea, a seven shilling piece, five shillings, and a sixpence
            , the property of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Bradley
               




            .
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.


                  SARAH 
                  MILLER
               



            . - Mr. Knapp. You are shop-woman to Mrs. Bradley. - A. Yes, she lives at No. 88, in the Srand.
Q. On the 5th of March, did the prisoner come to your house. - A. Yes, about half past eight in the evening, it was dark, he asked me to shew him some screens; he desired me to send a gilt one, and a plain one to No. 16, Beaufort's buildings, to a lady for choice; I told him the plain one was six shillings, and the gilt one was seven shillings and sixpence; he desired me to send them immediately; he supposed the lady would choose the plain one; he went out of the shop, he returned before I could have an opportunity to send the boy; he desired me not to delay, but to send them immediately; I sent them by the boy 
               
                  William 
                  Sillock
               



            ; the boy returned and said I must send change for a two pound note; he brought back the screen in his hand, he did not bring the note; I sent the boy to his mistress for the change of the two pound note; he went to his mistress for the change; the boy then went with the change, and he returned to me with the note; I saw it, and read it; it was a bad one.
Court. The boy could not read it I suppose. - A. Yes, I desired the boy to take it to his mistress; I am certain as to his person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SILLOCK
               



            . Q. You are an errand boy. - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember taking any screens by the order of the last witness. - A. Yes, to No. 16 Beaufort's Buildings, the prisoner stood at the bar, he said you are the lad with the screens, I said yes; he looked at the guilt one, he said this will do; he desired me to go back and get change for a two pound note, and bring another like the gilt one; I went back and got the change of my mistress; a guinea, a seven shilling piece, and six shillings; I went home with the two pound note.
Q. Can you read. - A. Yes. When I got to the shop I discovered price two pence in the middle of the note; I did not discover it at first when he gave me the note, he said this is a two pound note; I gave it to the shopwoman, she desired me to take it in to my mistress; I took it in.
Court. There was only one screen left. - A. No. I went back to No. 16, and they said there was no such person there.
Q. Did you find who lived there. - A. Mr. Whitfield the surgeon.
(The note read in Court).
'Two, No. 1802; I promise to pay to Christoper Credulous or bearer the sum of Two pence, on the circulation of guineas, the destruction of the rag manufactory, and the blowing up of paper money. I Edward Empty-pocket for Quilldriver.'

Q. 
            (to Sillock.) Is that the note the prisoner gave you. - A. Yes.

Q. 
            (to Miller.) Is that the note you received from the boy, and which you afterwards gave him to give to your mistress. - A. Yes.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of any such a crime; I know nothing of the parties.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
