





332. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ALLEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of April
, a pair of sheets, value 5s. a gown, value 4s. an apron, value 6d. a frock, value 1s. a pin-cloth, value 6d. and a muslin handkerchief, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Welcher
                  




               
            .
MARTHA WELCHER sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Welcher
               



            ; I live at No. 12, Villiers-street,in the Strand


; On Tuesday morning, between nine and ten o'clock, my servant was washing the door; she went down to fetch a pail of water; I was looking out of the first floor window, and saw the prisoner go in at the door; he stopped there about two minutes, and returned with a bundle under his arm; I came down stairs, and followed him into Charles-court; I called stop thief; when he had nearly reached the top of the court, he dropped the things; I took them up, and one of the witnesses pursued him; he was brought back in the course of three or four minutes; I am sure the prisoner is the man; the constable has the bundle.
Q. Do you lett lodgings? - A. I left one room; these things were taken out of my bed-room on the ground floor, adjoining the back parlour.
- CHAMBERS sworn. - I am a locksmith and bell-hanger: On the 5th of April, between nine and ten o'clock, I heard the cry of stop thief; I saw the prisoner running with a bundle under his great coat; Mrs. Welcher was pursuing him very close; I ran out of my shop, and when he saw me, he dropped the bundle; I pursued him across the Strand into Hewitt's-court, crying stop thief; he was stopped within a few yards of me; I never lost fight of him; Mrs. Welcher picked up the things.
- PURSER sworn. - I stopped the prisoner; I stood behind my counter; I saw the prisoner running up the court facing me, and I stopped him.( - Filby, a constable, produced the property, which was identified by Mrs. Welcher.)
The prisoner, when called upon for his defence, admitted the fact. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
