





219. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     COSTEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of January
, six yards of printed cotton, value 12 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Nokes
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  NOKES
               



            . I am a linen draper
, I live at No. 13, Shoreditch


.
Q. Did you miss any piece of printed cotton out of your shop on the 27th of January last. - A. Yes, about half past five in the afternoon, two officers, Vickrey and Gleed, came into my shop and asked me if I had lost any printed cotton; on looking round I found I had lost two pieces.
Q. When had you seen the two pieces before. - A. About an hour before I had seen them in my shop.
Q. Are you sure that you had not sold them to somebody. - A. Yes, I am quite certain of it. I had a piece of each pattern left in my shop; when I went to Worship street office I took a pattern of each, and laid it before the magistrate.
Q. Then when you went to Worship-street you saw these two pieces. - A. I did; it was in the possession of Vickrey the officer.
Q. What is the value of the pieces. - A. Twelve shillings.


                  JOHN 
                  VICKREY
               



            . I am a police constable of Worship-street. On the 27th of January last, I, Gleed, Valentine, and Croswell, were going out on duty; I saw the prisoner and two other men at a little distance from the prosecutor's shop; they were all three together; when we first saw them they were about ten or fifteen yards from the prosecutor's shop; we were of one side of the way, the prisoner was on the side of the way as Mr. Nokes's shop was; I saw the prisoner go towards Mr. Nokes's door; the other men stood behind; he passed by the door and before we could cross the road he came back again; we could see very clear from the light of a window; I saw him with a bundle under his right arm, he run across the road, Gleed seized him; that moment he threw the bundle behind him; Crosswell picked up the bundle.


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



            . Q. You were with the last witness. - A I was. On Wednesday evening, the 27th, I saw the prisoner with two other men in Shoreditch; the prisoner past the shop door of Mr. Nokes and returned again; I saw him go into the shop door and take something out; he came into the road, I ran and caught hold of his collar; he then threw something on the ground, Crosswell picked it up; I afterwards saw it was a piece of printed cotton.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I had just come along Shoreditch from Greenwich; this gentleman took hold of my collar; the officers said I had taken a piece of print, and they said I had been robbing a shop; I told them I had not, I was going home; I had nobody with me.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.
COURT. You find one of the officers saw this man take it away. - It is not privately stealing, therefore you must acquit him of the capital part of the charge - then the question is whether you are not satisfied that he is guilty of the larceny; the property is found upon him. If you have any doubt about it, character in a doubtful case is very material; if you are of opinion he is guilty of the larceny, you will say so.




               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
Of stealing, but not privately.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Wood
               



            .
