







721. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GOODMAN
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ALICE 
                     SHERRARD
                  




               
            , were indicted, the two first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of September

, twenty-four feet of lead pipe, value 30s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Langley
                  



               
            , and the other for 


               receiving the same, knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  LANGLEY
               



             sworn. - I was making an alteration in a house of mine, No.1, Great Cumberland-place



, in the occupation of Lord Jersey; a roll of lead had been carried to the premises, for the purpose of making a water-closet, it was in the one pair of stairs, but was ordered to be taken away by Lady Jersey, and it was put in the area; I saw it in the evening of the 28th, and missed it in the morning of the 29th; I discovered the lead by an advertisement from the Public-office.
Cross-examined by Mr. Hart. Q. Was not thisalteration to be made at the expence of Lord Jersey? - A. No, at my own.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FREEMAN
               



             sworn. - I work for Mr. Langley, I have seen the lead, (it is produced); this is the same lead that was taken from the house; it had been in the drawing-room, and was removed into the area.
Cross-examined by Mr. Hart. Q.Are you a plumber? - A. Yes; I furnished the lead.
Q. Did you furnish it in the state in which that is? - A. No, coiled up in one roll; I can swear to its being the lead, because, in trying it with one of my men, I found a particular hole in it, (points it out); it is a hole blown in the metal, such as you will not find in one roll in fifty.


                  JOHN 
                  WARLEY
               



             sworn. - I am a shoemaker: On Michaelmas morning, about eight o'clock, I saw the lead upon the prisoner Smith's shoulder, in Short's-gardens, Drury-lane; it was coiled round, and hung upon his shoulder; I saw Goodman before him; I got up behind a coach to see where they went to, I suspected it was not honestly come by; then Goodman and Smith went into Mrs. Sherrard's, in Bowl-yard; I heard a noise, and immediately went to Bow-street, and told Treadway of it; he came with me, and caught the two prisoners coming out at the door; he took them into custody directly.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Was any body in company with you who can confirm your account? - A. No.
Q. You are a very honest lad - have you ever been here before? - A. Yes, last Session:
Q. Were you admitted an evidence for the Crown? - A. Yes, for a robbery in Bedford-square.
Q. Were you never tried yourself? - A. Yes, I have been tried at Bow-street.
Q.Any where else? - A. Yes, at Marlborough-street.
Q. Were you ever tried any where else? - A. No.
Q. Were you ever committed as a vagrant? - A. Yes.
Q. Were you ever committed to Clerkenwellprison from Hicks's-hall? - A. Yes.


                  EDWARD 
                  TREADWAY
               



             sworn. - On the 29th of September, the last witness gave me information; in consequence of which, I went to Mrs. Sherrard's, I took Smith and Mumford with me; the two prisoners came out of the house, and were going towards St. Giles's; we took them into custody; I then returned back to the house, Mrs. Sherrard was standing at the door in her bed-gown and night-cap; I said, Mrs. Sherrard, there is some lead, or some lead pipe, brought into your house; she said, there is some there, pointing to the shop, where I found this pipe cut in pieces; I gave Smith the lead, and I brought her to Bow-street; there was no money found upon the men.
Gross-examined by Mr. Watson. Q. What length of time was consumed from the time the boy came to you, and the time when you saw Mrs. Sherrard? - A. About a quarter of an hour.
Q. She appeared as if she had just come down from her bed? - A. Yes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I was with Treadway: I saw the two prisoners come out; I went over, and collared Smith, and Treadway collared the other, and we took them to Bow-street; Smith had sixpence, a knife, and three farthings; and the other had some halfpence, and a knife; I went back with Treadway; the lead was standing at the end of the counter; I put it in a bag, and it was taken to Bow-street; Treadway came down to the Office about a quarter of an hour after with Mrs. Sherrard.
Cross-examined by Mr. Watson. Q. The lead was exposed to view upon the counter, and not at all concealed? - A. Not at all.


                  THOMAS 
                  MUMFORD
               



             sworn. - I know no more than my brother officers have stated.
The prisoners left their defence to their Counsel, and the prisoner Sherrard called eight witnesses, who gave her a good character.
Smith, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.
Goodman, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 39.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Shertard, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 50.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
