





437. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MORAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 8th of May
, a silk handkerchief, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Meynell
                  




               
            .


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  MEYNELL
               



            . Q. What are you - A. I am a chemist and druggist
, I live at No. 30, Skinner street, Snow hill. On the 8th of May as I was going through St. Giles's, about half after one, there was a number of people in St. Giles's church yard


; I went into the church yard; after I had been there a short time I felt a person behind me drawing something out of my pocket; I turned round and saw the prisoner had got my silk handkerchief out of my pocket, he had got it in his hand with his hand behind him, with an intention to put it in his pocket; I asked him where he had got it, he said he knew nothing at all about it; I laid hold of his hand which he had got it in, and gave him into charge of the beadle.
WILLIAM DAVIS. I am beadle of St. Giles's. On Sunday the 8th of May last, I was attending St. Giles's church; just as the people were coming out of the church there was a great crowd; some person called out there is a thief; I saw the prosecutor with the prisoner in his hand; I went up to them; I took a silk handkerchief out of the prisoner's hand.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. As I was coming by the church, I saw the handkerchief lay on the ground; I picked it up; I never offered to move from the spot. The gentleman turned round and said it was his; he has false sworn to say I took it out of his pocket. I did not.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
