





539. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WEIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing two hempen sacks, value 5s. two bushels of split pease, value 30s. and half a bushel of oats, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Holditch
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Hope
                  



               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  GEORGE 
                  MATTHEWS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a watchman, at Bromley: On Sunday morning, the 22d of June last, I saw the prisoner about half past twelve o'clock at night, rowing about in a boat; I had a suspicion of him, and watched him; I called a man to my assistance, and after some time, the prisoner rowed on shore, on the side where we were; we let him go on a little way a head, and then I followed him and stopped him, he had a sack upon his back, containing peas, and in another sack, inside of that sack, some beans.
Q. Were there a bushel of peas, do you think? - A. I cannot say, the prisoner said it was his own property, that he bought it of a bargeman, and pleaded to let him go; I delivered him, to the officer Shynn, and we went with him to the watch-house; he got out of the watch-house, and was re-taken on the Thursday night following; I left the property in Mr. Shynn's hands.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q.Was it on the river Thames you first saw him? - A. Yes.
Q.When you went to call assistance, you lost sight of the man in the boat? - A.Certainly.
Q.Then the person that you saw afterwards, you cannot swear was the same that you saw in the boat? - A.No.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Are you certain that he is the same man that came on shore? - A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  SHYNN
               



             sworn. - I am a headborough,(produces the property;) on Sunday, the 22d of June, the prisoner was delivered to me by the last witness, and two bushels of peas, and about a bushel of beans, and two sacks, he did not say any thing to me; I took him to the watch-house and locked him up, and he was there at near eleven o'clock on Sunday night; when I came to the watch-house, about five the next morning, the lock was broke, and the prisoner gone; on the Thursday night following, Griffiths and I apprehended the prisoner at Seven Oaks, in Kent.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. - On Thursday the 26th of June, I apprehended the prisoner at Seven-Oake, in Kent, about a quarter past ten in the evening.


                  GEORGE 
                  HOPE
               



             sworn. - I am in partnership with 
               
                  Richard 
                  Holditch
               



            , miller, at Bow; the prisoner had been a servant of ours, about four months; we discharged him on Saturday evening, the 21st; these are my sacks, I know them by a seal put on by the elders of the Synagogue, it had been brought from the Synagogue, and laid up in a warehouse of ours; they are always laid by for that particular purpose; we contract to furnish the Portuguese Synagogue with flour.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Do you know of your own knowledge, whether there isnot a mark upon the sacks contracted for by the other Synagogues? - A.Each Synagogue has a different mark.
ANANIAH OVELAPHIA sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I know this to be a sack that I did seal myself.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 39.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
