





604. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     PURCELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of August
, two sheets, value 15s. a pillow-case, value 2s. and a counterpane, value 10s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Gray
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .
Second Count. For the same offence, not laying it to be in a lodging-room.


                  ROBERT 
                  GRAY
               



             sworn. - I keep the Bell-savage, Ludgate-hill




: On Saturday evening, the 30th of August, the prisoner applied to me for a bed; the chamberlain, who detected her with the property upon her, is here.


                  JAMES 
                  SHAW
               



             sworn. - I am chamberlain at the Bell-savage: The prisoner came on Saturday the 30th of August, in company with a person that she said was her brother, and applied for two beds, stating, that they were going by the Salisubry coach the next day at four o'clock, they sat at the head of the stairs and had two pints of wine, which they paid for, and went to bad about eight o'clock, in separate rooms, they were to pay one shiling each bed; on Sunday morning, the 31st, about ten minutes past five, as I sat at the bottom of the stairs, the prisoner came down stairs, and delivered the key of her room into my hand, informing me to desire her brother, when he came down, which she supposed would be in an hour, to wait till she returned; her bundle appearing to be rather-large, I was suspicious there was more in it than she ought to have; I immediately went up stairs, and found two sheets, a pillow-case and a counterpane, missing; I went in pursuit of her as quick as possible; when I came to the end of the gate-way, I perceived her going up Ludgate-hill, near the Old-Bailey; I sent a man after her, desiring him to bring her back, and the man brought her back; she said, at first, she had not got them; she afterwards said she had them, and begged I would take the property and release her; I sent to St. Bride's watch-house but there was no constable attending; I took her to the Compter, and had her searched by the constable there; the counterpans was tied up in a black handkerchief, which she had under her cloak, the sheets were under her petticoats tied round her, and out of her bosom was taken the pillow-case; they are Mr. Gray's property, and the pillow-case is marked R S G.(
               
                  William 
                  Periam
               



            , the constable, produced the property, which was deposed to by Shaw).
Court. (To Shaw.) Q. What was your bargain for the bad? - A. I told them they could have two beds for one shilling each.
Prisoner's defence. My brother made me drunk with wine, and I was guilty of the error; he enticed me to commit this cruel fact.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 35.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
