







746. 
               
                  PHILIP 
                  MABBOTT
               




            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  KELSEY
               




            , were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing on the 13th of August

 twenty-five Russia hides, value 13l. 15s. twenty five hides of leather, value 13l. 15s. three bales of tanned butt shoulders, of the weight of 500lb. value 23l. and three bales of leather, of the weight of 500lb. value 23l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Newman
                  



               
            , Esq.


                     John 
                     Newman
                  



               
            . and 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Newman
                  



               
            ; and the other two for 


               feloniously receiving the said goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)
JOHN MANNING sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gleed. Q. Were you porter to Mess. Newmans on the 12th of August last? - A. I was; the prisoner Mabbott was carman
.
Q. Had you any conversation with him on the sub ject of leather? - A. Yes; he said he could make away with some butt shoulders, provided he could get them conveyed away; I denied having any concern in it, an about ten days or a fortnight afterwards he put the question to me again, and after some hesitation I con sented to help pack three bundles of butt shoulders it mats, and I helped to put them into the tail of Mr. Newman's cart; Mabbott and I then left the warehouse with the cart locked up in the warehouse.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are an honest servant of the late Mr. Alderman Newman's? - A. I was.
Q. I take it for granted you told your master of this? - A, No, I did not.
Q. Upon your oath did you say one word about it till you were taken up yourself? - A. I did the same evening that I was taken up.
Q. What money did you receive? - A. None at all; nor I don't know where they went, or who had them.


                  JOHN 
                  PYM
               



             sworn. - I am foreman to Mess. Newmans; on the 13th of August, about five o'clock in the morning, I thought I heard our cart go out; the prisoner Maboott had the key of the stable where the cart was kept.
Q. Was that an unusual hour? - A. I don't know that it is.


                  THOMAS 
                  LEIGHTON
               



             sworn. - I am journeyman to Mess. Newmans; on the 13th of August the cart came home about six o'clock in the morning empty; Mabbott was with it; he said he had been to the Custom-house.


                  ROBERT 
                  FRY
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to Mess. Newmans; it is my duty to order the cart out; I gave no orders for the 13th.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You are one of the officers belonging to Worship-street? - A. I am; I went with a search warrant to Kelsey's house; on Tuesday the 17th of August, about half past one o'clock, to No. 23, Cresoont-place, Hackney-road, with Mr. Wyat and Mr. Newman; the house was shut up; we waited till Kelsey came home; bat his wife not coming home, he got in at the one, pair-of-stairs window, and let me in at the door; in a lower room, in a kind of wash-house fronting the door, were three parcels of butt leather, about two owt a piece, and 17 Russia hides (produce a part of them;) I was present afterwards at the apprehension of Roberts, in Coleman-street; I told him the charge against him, and sat with him, while Clarke went to apprehend Mabbott; I had informed Roberts that I had searched Kelsey's house; Roberts denied knowing any thing about it; after Mabbott came, I asked him, and he denied knowing any thing about it; I then took Mabbott into the room where Roberts was, with Mr. Newman and Mr. Wyatt; I told Mabbott what I had found at Kelsey's, and Roberts said, Mabbott was the man he had them of; a pocket-book was found upon Roberts, which is now in the possession of Clarke.(Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Canner
               



             proved the signatures to the examinations of Roberts and Mabbott.)


                  JOHN 
                  NEWMAN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys, Q.At the time of the loss, who were the partners, in your house? - A. My father, William, and my brother, Henry; I went to the house of Kelsey, with Mr. Wyatt and Armstrong; the house was shut up; we left Mr. Armstrong at the front of the house; Mr. Wyatt and I went to the India Company's warehouses, in Seething-lane, Kelsey was a commodore in the warehouses; we found him there; I took him on one side, and told him I understood he had some leather, at his house, which I suspected was stolen.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Before he said any thing to you about the leather, had you made him any promises? - A. I had not; he said William Roberts had frequently sold him wrappers and ropes, which the India goods were packed in; he said, Roberts said to him, there were long nights coming on, he understood him to, be in the leather line, and he could help him to some leather; Kelsey asked what it was; Roberts said he would bring a sample of two sorts; in a few days, Roberts brought a piece of leather, called a butt shoulder, and a Russia hide; Kelsey said he had said to Roberts, this is not leather that I know the value of; Roberts, said he would leave it with him; in a few days Roberts called upon him; Kelsey said, I have enquired about butt shoulders, and I find they are worth from ninepence to ten-pence per pound.
Q. What are they really worth? - A.From 11d. to 1s. then Robert agreed to fell him a quantity of butt shoulders, at 5d. per pound, and the Russia hides at 5l. 10s. which are worth about 13l. 15s.; we were wanted in gthe Leather market, and I desired Kelsey to come to us in half an hour, which he did; we then went in a coach to his house; he got in at the window and let us in, and we found gthe leather there; then we went to Roberts's house, in Bishop's-court, Coleman-street; he is a dealer in old ropes, wrapping, brown paper, and various other articles; we took him into custody, and he denied knowing any thing of any leather;I told him that Kelsey had informed us he had brought him the leather for a sample.
Q. Was Mabbott by at that time ? - A. He was .
Q. Before Roberts had seen Mabbott , had you made him any promise or threat to induce him to relate the circumstances of this business ? - A. I did not.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney . Q. Did any other person , in your presence ? - A. No.
Q. Was there no hope held out to him of becoming a witness? - A. None in the least ; Mabbott said , Roberts was the man who went with him to Kelsey's house; Roberts made no answer ; I afterwards told Mabbott the story I had heard from Kelsey , and then he confessed ; I asked him if any other servant was concerned , and he said , yes, 
               
                  John 
                  Manning
               



            , the porter , and no one else ; I was present at the examination of Roberts , I saw it signed, and witnessed it.
Q. Do you remember any hopes being held out to him that he would be made use of as a witness? - A. Nothing of the kind.
Q. Was it not understood before the Lord Mayor, that he would be admitted a witness? - A. No.(Mr. Wyatt corroborated the evidence of Mr. Newman.)
The examination of Roberts read . - "The voluntary examination of 
               
                  William 
                  Roberts
               



             , dealer in old ropes, who faith , he hath known 
               
                  Philip 
                  Mabbott
               



             , carman to Messrs . Newman, about six years; that on Firday morning last he met Mabbott in Barbican , with three bundles of leather , which were taken to Kelsey's . Examinant three weeks before had a sample of leather , which he shewed to Kelsey , and he agreed to buy it; three or four days before, he believes on the Monday, he sent for Mabbott to Kelsey's some red leather, for which Kelsey agreed to pay 5l . 10s .
The examination of Mabbott read . - "The voluntary examination of 
               
                  Philip 
                  Mabbott
               



             , carman to Messrs . Newman and Sons , Giltspur-street , confesses he has known 
               
                  William 
                  Roberts
               



             , of Bishop's-court , three or four years; he was in the habit of selling to Messrs . Newmans boxes of rope, for packing goods; that the said Roberts had frequently asked him to get property of his this examinant's master , and he would make money of it; that on Friday night last this examinant made up a parcel , which he put in his master's cart; that Roberts met him at Mr. Newman's gate a little after five o'clock; examinant drove the cart to Crescent-place , Hackney-road , and delivered it to a tall man, to whom Roberts said he had sold it, the shoulders for 6d. per pound , and the Russia for 60s. per dozen ; examinant has not received any money from Roberts , or any body else ."(
               
                  John 
                  Clarke
               



             , the Marshalman , produced the pocketbook found upon Roberts , with the following memorandum in it -"Kelsey, No. 22, Crescent-place , Hackney-road."


                  ROBERT 
                  NOYES
               



             sworn . - I knew Kelsey , and saw him at my master's , Mr. Holdworth , leather-seller , Aldgate, on the 10th or 11th of August ; he had a small piece of leather, and asked what sort it was; as it was not coloured, I could not tell whether it was a Russia hide, or not, but thought it was, and that it was worth eight , nine, or ten shillings , a skin; I cannot recollect who he said he bought it of, but I saw him again on Wednesday the 11th , and told him a person had enquired for such skins ; I saw him again afterwards, and told him the man did not like two of the skins ; upon which he brought two more on Thursday , (two skins produced and identified ); I gave him ten shillings a skin for them.
Mabbott did not say any thing in his defence.
Robert's defence . I leave it to my Counsel .
Kelsey's defence . When Mr. Noyes asked me where I got the skins from, I told him from a man in Coleman-street .
Mabbott called one, Roberts six , and Kelsey one witness, who gave them good characters .
Mabbott, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Roberts , 

               GUILTY
            , aged 38.
Kelsey , 

               GUILTY
            , aged 41.





               Transported for fourteen years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant .
