





25. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MATTHEWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of November
, a wooden box, value 6 d. and 112 pounds of waste paper, value 2 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Buttery
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  BUTTERY
               



             sworn. I keep the Black Bear inn, Picadilly




.
1 Q. On the 19th of November last you had some goods at your door, and a chest that was going to Henly upon Thames to go by the waggon that evening; did you miss any of the parcels there? - A. The chest was taken away about seven o'clock at night. I had seen it at the door about a quarter of an hour before.
Q. What did it contain? - A. Waste paper.
Q. What might be the value of it? - A. Two pounds two shillings. I was informed that the chest was taken away, and my bookkeeper went after the prisoner.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  DEAN
               



             sworn. - Q. You are bookkeeper to Mr. Buttery? - A. I am; as I was attending to my business in the office, a lad that was standing at the door with a cart, ran into the office, and said, bookkeeper there is two men run away with the chest: I immediately pursued them.
Q. Did you see them? - A. Yes, I saw them carrying the chest.
Q. Were two or one man carrying it? - A. two, the prisoner at the bar and another man: I overtook them; I took the prisoner at the bar with the chest in his hand; he was carrying it with one hand on the side of the chest, and the other man on the other side. It was nearly opposite a public house in Piccadilly; I put the man and the chest in this public house, and I sent for my master, I kept the chest in this public house, till the constable came, and then I gave it him.

Q. You took the prisoner into custody I suppose? - A. Yes.
Q. Is that the chest that you took from him? - A. Yes, I know it by my own name, that I wrote on if before I gave it to the constable.
Q. That chest was under your master's care, was it? - A. It was; it was booked at my masters warehouse, to go by Cook's Henly waggon.
Q. It was not put into the waggon? - A. no; the waggon was not come up to the door, we expected it every moment, it was put there for the purpose of being loaded in the waggon.
Prisoner. Q. I should like to know how long it was before the lad gave any information where the chest was taken away? - A. Immediately as you took it away the boy came in; it could not be above half a minute.
Q. At the time that I was fully committed, he said he apprehended me at the distance of about sixty yards? - A. I apprehended you on the pavement exactly opposite the public house.
Q. The box was placed in the public house passage; if the landlord was here he could testify; I pushed it as I was going in the door? - A. I took you as you was carrying it in your hand; it was not placed in the passage, I took you opposite, then I pushed you into the passage
Q. This chest was positively placed in the passage by two persons, they run away? - A. There was only one run away; you were carrying the chest with your left hand.
Court. Q. You are positive that you saw the prisoner at the bar actually with his hand upon carrying it? - A. Yes.
Prisoner. He says the distance was only sixty yards where I was apprehended, it was scarcely possible that he could see me carrying it, he being in the office when the boy run in and informed him.
Q. How far was it from where the boy told you that some body run away with it? - A. About sixty yards, I believe.
Prisoner. In the mean time he fell down by the way.
Q. Did you fall down? - A. I did fall down in pursuing him; I saw the prisoner at the bar before I fell down.
Prisoner. He made use of this expression, that he fell down and nearly split himself; he was all over mud.
Witness. I did fall down; I saw him before I fell down, and after I got up.
Prisoner. It was a foggy night, you could not see.
Witness. It was not foggy at all.
Court. Q. Whether foggy or not foggy, you are sure you saw the prisoner carrying the chest? - A. I am quite clear of that.
- LOVETT sworn. - I received the box the next morning of Mr. Dean; I have had it ever since.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  TERRY
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 3 in Tyler-street; I know that package very well; I packed it up and sent it by my fellow servant.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going through Piccadilly, by the White Horse Cellar, I looked at this public house to see what time of night it was, this box was in the passage, and this box obstructed my way in; I believe the person that first told him, said it was a person in a drab coat, and that is why he laid hold of me.



               GUILTY
             - aged 48.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
