






103. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BUTLER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CORNELIUS 
                     FOGGERTY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of January
, privily from the person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Gadsby
                        




                     
                  , a handkerchief, value 6 d. a half guinea, three seven shilling pieces, three promissory notes, for the payment of five pound each, value 5 l. each, three bank notes, value 1 l. each, a bank note, value 2 l. and one bank note, value 10 l.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Gadsby
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  GADSBY
               



            . I am a soldier
 in the Huntingdon militia. On Thursday week, about seven o'clock in the evening, I and my comrades had been up Saffron-hill; coming through Field-lane we stopped there to buy some oysters, we went into the Thatched House, Field-lane


, to have our oysters; we had two pots of beer with the oysters in the parlour; coming back to the door to pay for it my comrade changed a five pound note; when he had changed the five pound note he gave me a ten pound note and two ones to take care of for him; 
               
                  John 
                  Briggs
               



             gave me three five pound Portsmouth notes, a two pound bank note, a one pound note, half a guinea, and a seven shilling piece; I tied it up carefully and put it in my handkerchief at different corners, and the mistress of the house said there was rum people behind me, I had a deal of money, I had better take care of it, I had better put it in my smallclothes; I said I am very well able to take care of it.
Q. Were you quite sober. - A. Yes, as sober as I am at this time; these men came in and seeing me tie up the money, Moore, Butler and Foggerty, they stood at my back while I was talking to the mistress at the bar; Butler touched me by the side, he said do not make any noise to the mistress at the bar; I said my friend, I do not want any concern with you; I stood talking to the mistress a minute or two, I put my hand in my pocket, my handkerchief was gone and the men had all quitted the house; I found I had lost all the money; a woman came up to me, she said you may depend upon it they are the men that have got the money. I did not feel them take it out.
Q. What is Butler. - A. I do not know, I never saw him nor Foggerty before in my life.
Q. Did they all three come in together. - A. Yes. This woman went with us to Butler's house, we could not find him, the place is somewhere about Field-lane; we went again the next morning, he had not been home all night; in the course of the day I went up to the office and gave a description of the men; they went and found Butler; they searched him and found but six shillings on him.


                  JAMES 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a soldier in the Huntingdonshire militia. I had a pass, I came to London. On Thursday week I was going to take some money to Holborn, to have it booked to go to my friends in the country; we went up Saffron Hill to see 
               
                  Peter 
                  Flemming
               



            ; when we came down we came to an oyster shop opposite of the Thatched House, Field-lane; we had some oysters, which we took into the Thatched House, the kitchen being full of people, we went into the parlour; we eat the oysters and had two or three pots of beer; we went to the bar, I got change for a five pound note, I gave Gadsby a ten pound note, two ones, and two pounds in silver; I believe he did not put the silver in his handkerchief, he put it in his pocket, for fear I should want some silver in the evening; I went back to drink part of the beer, we were going, he went to the bar to pay for the beer, I was waiting for him; the landlady told him to take care of the property he had, she advised him to put it in his small clothes by way of taking care of it, he said he had been to London before, he was used to the town, he was not afraid; there were 
               
                  William 
                  Thomas
               



            , he stood against the bar; one of the lasses came out of the kitchen, she came to look at Thomas; Gadsby desired her to go away; Butler came in and stood behind Gadsby, he stooped down most of the time; he was talking to the landlady about the property, and as I was passing by Butler laid his hand on Gadsby's right side, and told him not to make any piece of work in the woman's house; Foggerty was at the door, and Moore was walking past; he came up to Gadsby and asked him if he would list him for a soldier; he said no, my friend, I have no authority, nor do I want to enlist you; I went into the kitchen, I left them there; I know no more than Gadsby put his hand in his pocket as he was going, he said he had lost all my money; we were searched; as soon as we got up stairs Gadsby pulled off his shirt and every thing; when we come down stairs we were enquiring after the men, 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Chapman
               



            , a woman that was there, said she thought that Foggerty, Butler, and Moore must be the men that had got the money; they were not present to hear it, they were gone the moment they knew he had lost the money.
Butler. Was there any woman in your company at the time that you lay this charge to me. - A. There was no woman in my company at that time.


                  JOHN 
                  BRIGGS
               



            . I am a soldier in the Huntingdon militia; I saw Butler, Foggerty, and Moore (I believe his name is) by the hall, in the door of Mrs. Murphy's house in Field-lane.

Q. What house does she keep. - A. The Thatched House. Moore and Butler stood by my comrade; Foggerty stood nearer the door, walking backwards and forwards, he was at a distance from him, and I was passing by myself, not taking any notice; when my comrade paid for the beer he stood a little while; on feeling in his pocket he found that he had lost the money; these three men went off directly. As soon as the money was lost every person was taken up stairs and searched. It was not found on any of them.
Butler. You had four women with you. - A. No; you were the nearest to my comrade.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMAS
               



            . Q. You belong to the Huntindon militia. - A. Yes; when we were at the Thatched House in Field-lane, I saw Butler, Foggerty, and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Moore
               



            , standing at the bar behind Gadsby; Butler and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Moore
               



             were the closet to him; Foggerty stood against the tap door.
Butler. I want to know whether he was in company of any of the women.
Court. Had you any women in company. - A. This one; I never saw her before.


                  RACHAEL 
                  MURPHY
               



            . Q. Do you keep the Thatched House. - A. Yes, in Field-lane. On the 7th of January the three soldiers walked in together with a dish of oysters, and called for a pot of beer; they hesitated walking into the tap room; I ordered the servant to take a light into the parlour; they had other oysters and more beer, they came to the bar and White changed a five pound note; I introduced him into the parlour to give him his regular change, taking for the two pots of beer; I gave him two one pound notes, a seven shilling piece, a half guinea, and the rest in silver; he took the two one-pounds; one of the soldiers did, and seemed to keep them loose; I desired him to take care of them; he told me that he was sufficient to take care of them, he had been often enough in London; I told him there was some rum people there, and I wished him to take care of his property; he said he had got a deal more money than that, he pulled out a handkerchief, tied in different parts with knots, the contents I know not; he said he had to the amount of between thirty and forty pounds; I advised him to take care of the handkerchief that contained that sum of money and to put it in his small clothes; he made a laugh at me, I said no more about it; there were then outside of the door three men, disputing what they would have, one said they would have something short; they concluded to have a pot of hot.
Q. Did you see him give any thing to Gadsby. - A. No, I did not. There was a man came out of the tap room, he ridiculed the soldier; I saw 
               
                  John 
                  Butler
               



             stand close by the man that lost his property.
Court to Gadsby. Stand up.
Q. Is that the man. - A. That is the man that had the money, the other changed the note; these two men together said they had forty pounds. At the time they were standing at the bar Butler was as close to Gadsby as I am now; Butler said do not make a noise in the woman's house.
Q. What was Butler doing. - A. I could not tell; I knew Butler, he had resorted to my house. Before Gadsby left the bar he missed the money, that moment 
               
                  Jack 
                  Butler
               



             made off; 
               
                  Jack 
                  Butler
               



             was not seen there no more from that moment. Moore made off at the same time, he has never been seen since. Foggerty he was in my tap room, he made off, and was not seen in my house till Saturday; he lodged in my house at the time. This happened in my house yesterday week. On Thursday, about seven o'clock in the evening, he left my house and was not seen till Saturday eleven o'clock at night.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I live in George-alley. Fleet-market; I was in the soldier's company at Mrs. Murphy's the Thatched House, Field-lane; we went in the parlour and had oysters, after that they came out and had a glass of something at the bar; I saw 
               
                  John 
                  Moore
               



             very much about one of these young men when he was at the bar; I saw him put his hand into the right hand pocket of the young man who lost his money, he pulled his hand out, he did not bring any thing out then; in less than a minute he put his hand in again, and pulled out a white cloth there; seemed to be something in it about the compass of half a crownsworth of halfpence; he gave it to 
               
                  John 
                  Butler
               



            , they both went out immediately, and went up Shoe-lane as fast as they could go.
Q. Did you see Foggerty. - A. I did not. I knew Butler and Moore they used Mrs. Murphy's house.
Butler. This woman has been at the bar before ever I have, she has been here for robbing a gentleman of a watch; she has been in divers prisons, although she had the good luck to get off; I find myself aggrieved that she should give her evidence.
Court. If you want to impeach her evidence, you must prove it from the record of the trial.
JOHN HANCOCK. I am an officer. On the night the robbery was committed, me and my brother officers were looking in at the different houses round St. Giles's. At the Black Dog St. Giles', we saw Butler, and two men answering the description of the two other men, they were drinking mixed liquor; when I went in I heard the prisoner Butler say, do you want me, or something to that purpose the expression he used was to Price; I did not know any thing about the robbery at that time, or else I should have proceed to have searched him, and the two other men; this was the very same night of the robbery a little before eight o'clock.
Q. to Mrs. Murphy. What time of night was this robbery committed on. - A. About seven.
Q. to Hancock. You are sure they were all together. A. Not Foggerty; there were two men in company with Butler, they answered the description of the other men that the soldiers gave me; Butler I knew was there the other two I cannot say, I did not see Foggerty.
THOMAS EKELSOE. I am an officer. On Friday the 8th of January, Wood and I were in St. Giles's; we apprehended Butler in Dyot-street, I took Foggerty on Sunday morning in Field-lane. I found none of the property.
Butler's Defence. My defence is as this; on the 7th of January, which was my birth day, I was then thirty one years of age, I had some money in my pocket, which I chused to spend upon the spot where I was born, which is Plumtree-street Broad-street, St. Giles's. I went from the Thatched House, Field-lane, to that part, between the hours of seven and eight o'clock at night; I drank freely as many other persons might do Mr. Hancock might see me undoubtedly, I asked him to drink, but with regard to my asking if I was wanted it is wrong.
Foggerty's Defence. If I was dying this moment,the last word should be that I am innocent.
Q. to Price. Q. You are beadle of St. Andrew's parish. - A. Yes. I have known Butler for a length of time: when I went into the Black Dog with Hancock, Butler said, Price I shall not drink with you, for you will not let me get a shilling since you have walked Holborn; d - n me, says he, if you want me here I am.
BUTLER, GUILTY, aged 31.
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FOGGERTY, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
