





223. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MACKEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 5th of February
, a gold watch, value 30 l. a gold chain, value 2 l. and two gold seals, value 2 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hembry
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  JOHN 
                  HEMBRY
               



            . - Mr. Gurney. On the 5th of this month were you at the masquerade, at the Opera house. - A. I was; and about one o'clock in the morning, three men forced me from the party of gentlemen that I was conversing with into the crowd; I was before out of the crowd, and they pushed me one against the other; I turned round to ask what they meant by it, and they made off.
Q. At the period had you perceived that you had lost any thing. - A. Not at all.
Q. Upon their making off what did you do. - A. I put my hand to my fob, I found my watch was gone; I immediately went to Townshend the officer, and told him of it.
Q.How soon afterwards did you see your watch or the prisoner. - A. I saw my watch the next morning; I was not by when the prisoner was apprehended.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. We all know it is a crowded place, and a great deal of confusion. - A. Yes.
Q. They huslted you about, you could not perceive your watch was gone from you. - A. No, I did not indeed.


                  HENRY 
                  MORRIS SAMPSON
               



            . - Mr. Gurney. You sir, are a captain in the East India company. - A. I am.
Q. You were at this masquerade. - A. I was.
Q. About three o'clock did you see any person pursued for picking a pocket. - A. About three o'clock, as I was returning from the supper room at the masquerade, I was returning down stairs, I heard the cry of stop thief; I perceived the prisoner pursued by several persons. I took hold of the prisoner as he was endeavouring to pass me: on which he threw or dropped from his hand a watch. I picked it up, still continuing holding of the prisoner, until we were against the partition of the bottom of the stairs, where I held him a short time, till Petherick took hold of him. The prisoner wanted us to let him go, he said we had no business with him. Previous to my delivering him to the officer, some other gentleman came up and assisted, when he dropped another watch. The first watch I kept possession of; and I took it to Bow street.
Q. Was it there shewn to Mr. Hembry. - A. It was.
(The property produced and identified.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blane.
