





811. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HANKIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of August
, forty pounds weight of copper, value 40s. belonging to 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Bolt
                     




                  , fixed to a certain building of his
            .
Second Count. Charging it to be fixed to a certain building.
THOMAS BARTON sworn. - I am a bricklayer, employed by Mr. Bolt, in taking some copper from a gutter fixed upon a store-cellar, near Mr. Cator's brewhouse, as it was formerly; I had information that some copper had been stopped, and carried to the Justice's office; I went to the office, and saw it; I then took it to the place, and it fitted exactly; I missed it the 28th of August; I saw it the same day at the office.
JAMES FITZGERALD sworn. - I am a watchman of the parish of St. Luke's: On the 28th of August, a little after two o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner turn up Hartshorn-court with a bundle; I instantly ran up Cowheel-alley, and met him at the top of the court; he had hid himself behind a piece of marble that stood at a stonemason's door; he drew back, and ran; I followed him; I got very close to him, when he turned about, and threw a piece of copper at me, which knocked me down, and prevented my taking him; I took the copper to the watch-house; he was not taken till the 23d of October; I am sure he is the same man, I knew him before. (Produces the copper.)
Barton. This is Mr. Bolt's copper.(
               
                  John 
                  Ellis
               



             corroborated the testimony of Fitzgerald.)
Prisoner. He has drank with me several times since, and always said I was not the man.
Q.(To Fitzgerald.) Is that true? - A. No, it is not; when my partner and I met him on the 23d of October, he stopped us, and asked us to drink with him, and we would not; we knew we were not strong enough to take him.
Q. Not two of you? - A. No, it was more than six could do to take him.
Prisoner's defence. I am as innocent as the child yet unborn. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 53.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
