





419. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FREEMAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of April
, one coat, value 7s. one-waistcoat, value 5s. two handkerchiefs, value 1s. and other articles
            , the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Strickler
               




            .
JAMES STRICKLER sworn. - I don't know who stole the things.
 - TUBB sworn. - I am a patrol: On the 2d of April, about a quarter before-twelve o'clock at night, the watchman and I was talking together in Bunhillrow, the prisoner came along with a coat and waistcoat under his arm; I asked him what he had got there, and he said it was his own property; the watchman and I took him into custody, and carried him to the watch-house; he had a coat and waistcoat, and in the pockets were a couple of pocket handkerchiefs; the officer of the night asked where he got them; he said he bought them in Rosemary-lane; that is all I know about it.


                  THOMAS 
                  GERRARD
               



             sworn. - I am constable of St. Luke's: I was the officer on duty that night; I asked him if he knew the contents, he made no answer, but said it was his property; on searching the property I found it belonged to James Strickler.
Strickler. I am a stone-mason
 by trade, I live in Gravel-alley, Blue Anchor-walk, it is in the parish of St. Luke's


, I lodged there; I know nothing of the prisoner; I lost the things out of my bed-room on Saturday, the 2d of April; the person who slept in the same bed with me was out, and I left the door open for him; he lodged in the same house, up one pair of stairs; this is my coat, they are all my property.
The prisoner made no defence, but said, I am almost dead now. 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
