





417. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of April
, one pound of tea, value 5s. nine pounds of moist sugar, value 5s. and one pound of shag tobacco, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Thorngate
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  THORNGATE
               



             sworn. - I keep the Blackbull, Whitechapel-road
: On the 11th of April, I had occasion to go down to Gravesend by the night tide, with two sailor
s that had lodged with me, I was bound for them both at the East-India-House; the prisoner at the bar knew one of those sailors very well; the prisoner said he would go with the same ship, The Lady Jane Dundas, East-Indiaman, and he went with us; we went in a coach to the Dundee-arms, and I had a chest, and a bundle containing the articles that that man took from me: there was a pound of tea, a pound of tobacco, and nine pounds of seven-penny sugar; there were other things in the bundle.
Q. Did you buy it for yourself? - A. No; I bought it for one of the men, of the name of Robertson, with my own money, till the ship was paid, and then he would have paid me again; when I got to the Dundee-arms, the boat was not ready, and we had a pot of porter, and some bread and cheese and onions; the bundle was on my left-hand side, and Davis sat on my left; my two sailors went out first, and the prisoner took the bundle off the table; when we came out, instead of his turning to the right, to go towards the boat, he went up the alley, and was off like a shot, I could not overtake him, and I turned back, and went down to Gravesend with the men; I walked it up to town the next day, and as I was coming up the hill from Dartford, who should I meet but Davis; I immediately collared him, and said, you d-d rascal, you robbed me last night, now I will take you into custody; he up'd with his fist, and gave me a shove, and ran away; he broke out of the road into the fields, and I never saw any more of him till Friday the 2d of May, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I saw him at the Hercules, in Leadenhall-street, and I ran after him; he took down a gate-way, and there I caught him, and he was taken before the Lord-Mayor, and committed.
Prisoner's defence. When I met with that man at Dartford, he said, why did not you ship with the other men; and I said, I should be a d-d fool to let him ship me, for him to get three guineas; if I shipped myself, I should have it myself; he is a crimp.
Q. (To Thorngate.) What is your profit upon shipping men? - A. A guinea a man; if the men take their own crimpage they get two guineas, if not they get three.
Prisoner. I never took his bundle: he wanted to crimp me as he did the other two men.
For the Prisoner.


                  RACHEL 
                  RAYFOLD
               



             sworn. - I was had for the prisoner, he has no friends but me, I know but little of him: The prisoner was taken up by Thorngate; I went to him in the Compter, I then went to Thorngate, this day five weeks, and he said, he had got the prisoner, but did not wish to hurt him, any further than being paid for his property; the Lord-Mayor would not have any thing to do with it; I went with Thorngate to the public-house, and he said, if he would give him a guinea and a half he would have him discharged; I went down to Mr. Jacobs, in Ratcliff-highway, and borrowed half-a-guinea of him; Thorngate would not make it up for that; Mr. Jacobs went with me, and he gave him a guinea, he was to let him have another half-guinea the week following; he received the guinea, and has got the guinea still; I went to the prisoner, and told him of it; he said he was going to discharge the prisoner; how it was I do not know, but the prisoner was committed to take his trial; then he wanted me to take the guinea back again.
Q. What is Jacobs? - A. He keeps a stop-shop in Ratcliff-highway; he is not in town at present.
Thorngate. One Jacobs called me into a public-house, and Jacobs, the Jew, said, speak as favourable as you can; and while I was drinking he slipped a guinea into my waistcoat-pocket, and I shewed it tothe Magistrate; I went before the Magistrate, and told the Magistrate about the guinea; and Jacobs said, if I prosecuted the man he would swear I had compounded felony; this woman is a common thief, and the officers know the same.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron CHAMBRE.
