





85. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NICHOLSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of November
, one hair front for the forehead, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Ross
                  




               
            .
(The case stated by Mr. Gurney.)


                  ALEXANDER 
                  ROSS
               



            , jun. sworn. - My father lives in Bishopsgate-street


: The prisoner was his servant
, and he was at work on a front of hair in a work-shop; I took notice of it, it was a light brown. Next day, I saw it hung up in the hair-room, on the bell-pull; the day after, it was gone, and a dark one put in its place; I went to the prisoner's lodgings, and saw the same front which I had seen in the hair-room.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Your's is a considerable manufactory? - A. Yes.
Q. The prisoner, I believe, got 200 l. a year?
A. Yes, wages and perquisites.
Q. This hair is valued at five shillings? - A. Yes.
Q. You have a great number of fronts in your warehouse of the same colour? - A. Yes, but not of the same make; this is of a peculiar make, and I should be able to distinguish it from any other; we never made one in that way before.
Q. Had the prisoner a power of selling any articles? - A. He had.
Mr. Gurney. Q. When he sold any thing, was he not expected to render an account of it? - A. Yes, to bring the money, and enter it in a book.


                  JOHN 
                  MORGAN
               



             sworn. - I saw the prisoner making up the front which was found in his lodgings, and asked him who it was for; he said, for a lady, who was to call, of the name of Thomas, or Thompson; I asked him what the price was, in case she should call; he said, seven shillings; I thought it too little; he said he had agreed for it, and could not charge higher; I paid particular attention to it, and am quite sure this is the same; he never accounted for the sale of it, but told me he had pinned it up to the bell-rope in the hair-room.
Mr. Knapp. Q Did you ever call upon him to account for it? - A. No, I frequently asked whether the lady had called; he said, no.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAPWELL
               



             sworn. - I am an officer, and searched the prisoner's lodgings, No. 13, Peter-street, Half Moon-alley, where I found a quantity of hair, and this front in a cupboard.
(The front was produced, and identified.)
Prisoner's defence. If a lady comes into the shop for an article, and chooses that which is made for a customer, we sell that, and make another for the person who bespoke it, rather than lose the sale; so it was in this case; I had the hair myself, and made the one which is produced for a friend of mine; I made it up on a Sunday, and I believe a person is here who called upon me at the time, and saw me making it.
(The person was called, but did not appear.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
