





836. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of October
, a watch, value 26 l. and a key, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Broad
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROAD
               



            . I am a watchmaker
 in Leadenhall-street


. On the 24th of October, in the evening, the prisoner called upon me, he represented himself as a lieutenant in the navy; he was genteely dressed, apparently as an officer; he said he had lately returned from the coast of France, from a successful voyage; his captain and him had taken lodgings at the Saracen's Head inn, Aldgate, for a few days; his captain was there, and he wanted a gold watch; my young man and myself were in the shop; we shewed him a very good watch; after he looked at the watch he gave it me to wind up; I wound it up and set it, and after winding it up and setting it I put it down on the counter, he took it up and put it into his pocket; my young man was to accompany him to the Saracens Head inn, and there he would pay him for the watch. I did not see him afterwards till I assisted in apprehending of him.
Q. How long was that afterwards - A. On the Saturday morning following. This was on the 24th and Saturday was the 28th. Immediately after we found the person had defrauded me out of the watch we went to Bow-street, and bills were circulated about the trade. When we took him in custody he said he had injured me most exceedingly, and he lay at my mercy; I made no reply.
Q. How much was he to give you for the watch - A. Twenty six pound five shillings.
Q. Did you deliver it to him - A. He took it off the counter. I laid the watch down after I had set it and he took it up.
Q. He talked to you about this captain - A. He said the captain wanted a very good watch.
Q. Was the captain to see it - A. We made out a bill of parcels in the name of lieutenant Pierce, that was the name he assumed.
Q. Oh then you sold it to lieutenant Pierce and not to the captain - A. Yes, to the prisoner, who assumed the name of lieutenant Pierce. He said he and the captain had taken lodgings at the Saracen's Head for three or four days; he said my young man should accompany him to the Saracens Head, He had engaged two rooms prior to this at the Saracens Head.
Q. How do you know that - A. From the waiter and master of the inn.
Q. Then you did not deliver the watch to him - A. No; I put it on the counter and he took it up.
Prisoner. Did not you put the watch into a leather bag and put it into my hands - A. No; I put it on the counter after having set it; I delivered the bill of parcels into your hand.
COURT. Then you trusted him with it - A. Yes. The prisoner had possession of the watch, but he went with my young man arm in arm; he was in charge of my young man.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  ROWLAND
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Broad. On the 24th of October the prisoner came into the shop and said he had been recently in the East India service, but now he was removed to the navy, and he wanted a very good gold watch; we shewed him a very good one, which was twenty five guineas; he said him and his governor, which he called him at that time, had taken lodgings at the Saracens Head for three or four days; he liked the watch very well, putting it in his pocket; he had not got money enough to pay for it, but if I would go with him to the Saracen's Head, there I should receive the money for it. Previous to that he said that he had taken the York frigate; going along with him I asked him where he took it; he said off Bolougne. He went in at the back door, went up there very familiar, and called the waiter, told him to light two candles, which were on the table, and then ordered him to bring up two glasses of negus; it was brought, and then he asked me if I had a receipt, I told him I had a stamp and I would write a receipt; he drank one glass of negus, then asked me if I had change for three tens, I told him I had not; he told me he would go and get the exact money, leaving me writing the receipt. Previous to his going out he said his luggage was in the next room, and he had change; he went out, asked me how much, I answered, twenty six pounds five shillings. He had not been gone five minutes when I rang for the waiter, a strange waiter came up; I desired him to send up the waiter that brought up the wine and water. Whenhe came up. I said you know that gentleman, that I came up with, a few minutes ago; he replied I know no more of him, than he took these lodgings about a quarter of an hour ago, the mistress of the house came up, and there was some confusion, she reproved the waiter, for not looking after persons that came with no baggage; I ran home and got some hand bills and circulated them at the east end of the town; on Saturday a person came and told us they had seen a watch that was advertised with the name of William Broad, describing it. The prisoner went away with the watch, I never saw him till Saturday morning, I am sure he is the man.


                  GEORGE 
                  FONDALL
               



            . I am a waiter at the Saracens Head Inn, Aldgate, on the 24th of August, the young man came to our house and took a sitting room and a bed chamber said he was going to stop three or four days, he came to our house between six and seven in the evening he called me up into his room, he said if a young man a midshipman called upon him to say that he should be back in a few minutes, I asked him what name the gentleman would enquire for, he said lieutenant Pierce; he went out and I suppose in a quarter of an hour he returned with Mr. Broads young man, they both went up into the room, I lighted candles for them.
Q. He had never laid at your house at all - A. No he called for two glasses of port wine negus. I took it up to him, I came down stairs in about five minutes he came down stairs he was going out of the back door, I told him to go out of the other back door, there are two back doors in the yard; In a few minutes the young man came down and asked whether the prisoner had any baggage.
WILLIAM PLAISTOW. I am an officer of the ward of Aldgate. I was applied to by Mr. Broad, I went with him and his young man to a house in Houndsditch. I immediately went through the shop into the parlour and there saw the prisoner sitting by the fire with a watch coat on, endeavouring to hide his face he was buttening himself up, Mr. Broad followed me in, I asked him it this was the person that he wanted, he said yes; how do you do lieutenant Pierce, I am glad to see you you are my prisoner. The prisoner said he hoped Mr. Broad would not do any thing, he would pay him for the watch, and make this gentleman a handsome present, meaning me. He asked to dress himself, he had trowsers on only and this great coat; I said certainly dress yourself, he put his jacket on, he turned into the cupboard, by the fire side; Mr. Broad said we must not lose sight of him. I said I did not intend, we opened the cupboard door, he was not there, I found that cupboard led into the yard we ran out of the front door to the next house he was coming out of that house, we then secured him, as he went along; I put some questions to him, I had very great reason to think that he had the property upon him, I said so he gave it me.
Prisoner's Defence. My lord and gentlemen of the jury I went to the prosecutors shop, and made a purchase of a watch of twenty-six pounds five shillings, it is true for which I offered a thirty pound note, the prosecutor not having change; I told him if he would send a person to the Saracens Head Aldgate, I would get change, the prosecutor gave me the watch his man came to me, at the Saracens Head I could not get change at this place, I went out to get change, I saw a press gang coming, as I had not a protection, I ran from them I mean'd to pay Mr. Broad as soon as I could with safety come to my lodgings.



               GUILTY
            , aged 16
         




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
