





85. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     TUES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of December
, a petticoat, value 10 s. a spencer, value 5 s. three pair of silk stockings, value 5 s. a pack of cards, value 2 s. and a leather case, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  William-Henry 
                  Boutevile
               




            .
WILLIAM-
               
                  HENRY 
                  BOUTEVILE
               



             sworn. - I am a wholesale goldsmith and jeweller
, I live at the corner of Little-Britain, Aldersgate-street


: On Monday morning, the 17th of December, we had strong reason to suspect 
               
                  Jane 
                  Tues
               



            , who had lived with us near four months; I told her I insisted upon seeing her box opened; she refused, without I got a search-warrant; I sent for a constable; I followed her as she went up stairs, and staid with her the whole time till the constable came, and then we searched her box, and found the articles mentioned in the indictment.


                  THOMAS 
                  WOOLLEY
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, I produce the articles; I was sent for; the prosecutor was up stairs in the garret, when I came, with the prisoner; he searched her box, and took out the articles, and afterwards owned the things. (The property produced and identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. The silk stockings were given to me by my mistress when she was looking up some things to sell; she looked up seven pair of stockings, and she promised me one more pair, and the shift and the spencer likewise were given me by Mrs. Boutevile.
Q.(To the prosecutor.) Did she pretend to say so then? - A. No; this is the first time I ever heard it; we have taken another shift out of pledge which is not in the indictment.
Q. Had you a character with her? - A. Yes, from one Mrs. Twigs; she gave her a character, but I had reason to suspect her honesty.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
