





380. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     COOK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3d of June
, a seven shilling piece, three shillings, two sixpences, and fifteen halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Lever
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  LEVER
               



             sworn. I live at Homerton, in the parish of Hackney, I am a labouring man
.
Q. What is the prisoner. - A. He is a labouring man. On Tuesday the 4th of June, after I had my dinner at the Woolpack, Homerton


, I dropped asleep; at that time I lost out of my pocket, a seven shilling piece, three shillings, two sixpences, and fifteen halfpence.


                  ANN 
                  PERCIVAL
               



             sworn. I was at the Woolpack on the 4th of June between two and three o'clock, I saw the prisoner pick the prosecutor's right hand pocket.
Q. Was the prosecutor asleep. - A. Yes, they were both sitting in the tap room, I was standing in the passage, I saw him take the money out, and he dropped two shillings on the floor; when he took his hand out of his pocket I told him then that the young man was picking his pocket.
Q. Do you know the prisoner. - A. No, I never saw him before.
Q.(to prosecutor) Do you know the prisoner. - A. No, when he took the money out of my pocket, he pulled my pocket inside out.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CARR
               



             sworn. I am a constable of Hackney. The prisoner and the prosecutor were sitting together on the bench in the tap room, I saw the prisoner take a seven shilling piece out of his pocket and lay it on the bench, he took it up again and put it in his mouth; I had charged him with picking the man's pocket, and the people in the tap room threatened him, he took it out of his mouth; then Tom Stevenson took the money and gave it to me, some of the money was on the ground; as we were coming to town the next day, he said he did not think of doing what he had done five minutes before; he said that as he was going to have his hearing.


                  THOMAS 
                  STEVENSON
               



             sworn. I am a hair-dresser by trade, I live with my mother at Hackney; I was down in the cellar, I heard somebody say there was a man picking another man's pocket; I came up and found a seven shilling piece lay on the bench, there was some silver and halfpence on the floor, I sent for a constable, and I delivered it to Mr. Carr. (The money produced).
Prosecutor. I cannot swear to money.
Q. What money had you about you. - A. I had a seven shilling piece, three shillings, two sixpences, and fifteen halfpence, that is exactly the sum I lost.
Prisoner's Q.(to Stevenson) Was not the man in liquor. - A.No, he had only two pints of beer.
Court. Did you see him drop any money on the floor. - A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. I am not guilty of the charge that is alledged against me; instead of the prosecutor putting the money in his pocket, he kept it in his hands and dropped asleep, then it dropped out of his hands, I picked it up and put the seven shilling piece in my mouth while I put the other money in his pocket.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
