





195. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     ALDRIDGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 30th of January
, twenty pound weight of lead, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Cook
                        




                     
                  , esq.
 affixed to a certain building of his called a house
            .
Second Count for like offence, only varying the manner of charging them.
The case was stated by Mr. Harris.



                  MARTIN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . Q. You live with Mr. Cook. - A. Yes, as servant; I have lived with him fifteen years. His house is the corner of North row, Park lane


, in the parish of St. George, Hanover square.
Q. What is Mr. Cook's christian name. - A. Edward.
Q. Do you remember on the 30th of January any thing happening. - A. Yes, on the 30th of January I was sitting in the kitchen, I heard some noise on the leads.
Court. Is that lead over the kitchen. - A. Yes, it was ten minutes before twelve; I heard the noise over my head; I did not get up directly; the noise was as if a person was cutting; I sat about two seconds; then I heard the noise repeated again, as if a person was ripping.
Q. What part of the kitchen did the noise seem to come from. - A. The first time I heard it, it came from the first window to the right; when I heard it the second time, the noise appeared more closer to me in the centre. I waited till my fellow servant came down stairs; I spoke to him; I went out of our hall door into North row; that is the side of the house. I went round the corner facing of the parlour.
Q. Is that where the iron rails are. - A. Yes, it is facing of the kitchen windows. When I came there, my fellow servant lifted me up on the railing; it was so dark I could not see; at first I thought I saw something, but it was so dark and rainy I could not; I stopped where I was; my fellow servant turned the corner, he saw a watchman coming across the road, he had a light with him; he stopped the watchman. In consequence of what he said I went to him, and we took the light from him; I helped my fellow servant up, and the light was held up; directly he saw the prisoner; I saw the prisoner come over the wall; he come down on the ground, he had a very great fall.
Q. You saw a person fall. - A. I did not see him; directly he fell he got up again, he turned round and ran away; I pursued him; he never was out of my sight, we stepped step for step; I struck him three or four times, I knocked him down and then took him; I brought him back to my master before I took him to the watchhouse. After I went to the watchhouse with the prisoner I went upon the leads; there was four feet and a half of lead gone from the first window on the right.
Q. That is the window where you described that you heard the noise first. - A. Yes.
Court. How did the lead lay. - A. It lay by the sky light, it was fixed over the window, and that lead was gone, and the lead of the second window ripped ready to carry away; there are three windows; the whole of the area is covered with lead.
Court There is no mention made in the indictment of ripping, only of stealing; confine yourself to stealing of lead.
Mr. Harris. How much lead was gone entirely. - A. About four feet and a half in length and two feet in width; the other laid at the other window; it was loose, it was not rolled up.
Q. Did you find the other lead. - A. No, I did not.
Q. Had you an opportunity of observing the lead in the course of the day. - A. Yes, they were perfect in the course of the day; it was perfect when I saw it; I was on the leads, and the other servants were out upon it in the course of the day.
Q. As the prisoner was running away did you hear any thing fall. - A. Just as I seized the prisoner I perceived him searching his pocket, I thought he was going to use some violence to me; directly afterwards I saw him throw something away; I marked the spot where I took the prisoner; I searched the place in about half an hour afterwards; I found a knife, this is the knife (producing it). I found it just at the place where I took the prisoner.
Court. Could you observe whether the lead was cut or torn. - A. It was cut, to the best of my knowledge.
Q. You spoke of some other lead, was that cut. - A. The nails were picked out, it was not cut.
Prisoner. At Marlborough street, he said that he had not, nor any of the servants, been on the leads that day.
Court. Do you recollect on the 30th of January, whether you had been on the leads or not - A. I had business to do there; the door opens level with the parlour to go out upon the leads.
Q. Had you been out upon the leads that morning. A. Yes, I was there seeing the soldiers go by; if there had been any lead taken away I must have seen it. I never said any such thing at Marlborough street.


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . Q. You live with Mr. Cook. - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember something being said by 
               
                  Martin 
                  Davis
               



            , and going out of doors. - A. Yes, I lifted him up on the rails, I called the watchman and had his light; I saw the prisoner go up over Mr. Cook's water closet; I did not see his face, but I saw the size of the man; he got from thence to the wall into North row.
Q. Were you present when Davis overtook him. - A. Davis and I were together.
Q. Was the person whom Davis had taken brought to your master's house. - A. He was brought to the door, there was a light in the hall.
Q. Was the prisoner that person. - A. Yes. I took hold of him, and never let him go till he was taken to the watchhouse.
Q. In the course of the day had you been on the leads. - A. I cannot say that I had; I had been in the parlour, but I cannot be positive that I had looked at the windows; as soon as we had been to the watch-house I went out upon the leads to examine it; I found the lead from one frame gone, that looks in North row. It was about four feet in length.
Q. What was the state of the other window. - A. The lead was loose.
Q. Did you see any one person there. - A. We met a person at the corner; as we went round he went towards Oxford road.
Court. You said that when you got up on the rails you saw the prisoner; do you mean to say you saw a man like the prisoner - should you have known him again if he had not been taken. - A. Yes, I should; I took particular notice of his hat and size; I should have known him again.
Prisoner's Defence. As I was coming from pay table at night, I was just coming up Park lane, when I heard the cry of stop thief; I ran by the side of them gentlemen. At last one of them catched hold of me, and said I was one of the lads; they were before me first, and running; I got before them.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Le Blanc.
