





623. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     FOLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               making an assault in the King's highway, upon 
                     
                        John 
                        Sole
                     




                  , on the 22d of August
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, a silver watch, value 40s. a steel watch-chain, value 6d. a metal seal, value 6d. a metal key, value 1d. and an oil skin case, value 1d.
             the property of the said John.


                  JOHN 
                  SOLE
               



             sworn. - I am a carpenter
, and live at Wapping: On Saturday the 21st of August, about ten o'clock in the evening, I went to a public-house, with two young men that I met with, and staid till about three in the morning; the prisoner was drinking and smoaking with my two friends, I came away and left them; when I had got to Blue-gate-fields, Ratcliffe-highway


, the prisoner came up, and gave me a blow in the neck, on the left-side.
Q. Did you know him before that evening? - A. No.
Q. Did he meet you or follow you? - A. He met me; I thought I was able to encounter with him; I asked him what he wanted of me, and he would not speak, he gave me a blow which knocked me down; we then had a scuffle, and when I got up, I missed my watch; I immediately seized the prisoner by the neck-handkerchief, and took him by myself into Ratcliff-highway; by the time I had got him there, two men came up to the prisoner, while I was holding of him, they jostled round us for the space of about five minutes, and spoke in a language I did not understand; I took him to be Irish, and then they ran away; I got assistance, and took the prisoner to the watch-house, but they said, they could not take charge of him without locking me up likewise; I would not consent to that, and they let him go; on Monday the 23d, I went round to the different pawnbrokers, and described the watch, and about seven in the evening I was sent for to Mr. Massinger's, a pawnbroker, whose servant had stopped the watch; the next morning, I saw the prisoner before the Magistrate, he had my oil-case on his hat when he stood at the bar; I lost it out of the inside of the lining of my hat; I was so much confused at the time, that I cannot recollect whether my hat fell off or not.
Q. You signed your examination before the Magistrate? - A. Yes.
Q. Was it read over to you? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you say any thing before the Magistrate about receiving a blow? - A. I cannot say, it might slip my memory, I don't know now that it was the prisoner who struck me.

Q.Did you say any thing about a scuffle taking place between you and the prisoner, in consequence of that blow? - A. I cannot recollect that I did.
Q. Did you say any thing about the other two men coming up? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  GUEST
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Massinger, a pawnbroker, No. 63, Ratcliff-highway: On the 24th of August, in consequence of information, I stopped the prisoner with a watch, answering to the name and number described by the prosecutor; I had the prisoner taken into custody, and sent for Sole; he attended before the Magistrate, and claimed the watch. (The watch was produced and identified by the prosecutor.)(
               Patrick
             M'Rundell, a headborough, produced the oil-skin case, which was also identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I went to pawn this watch for a woman, whose husband is at sea.
GUILTY, aged 25.
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not violently from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
