





11. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SCOTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously, wilfully, and maliciously making an assault upon 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Bray
                        




                     
                  , on the 26th of November
, with menaces, and in a forceable violent manner did demand her money, with felonious intention; the money of the said 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Bray
                     



                   from her person and against her will feloniously to take and carry away
            .
Second Count. For making an assault, and with menaces feloniously demanding her money, with intent to rob her.
Third Count. For making an assault, feloniously in a forceable violent manner demanding her money, with intent to rob her.


                  ANN 
                  BRAY
               



             sworn. - Q. Did you ever see the prisoner at the bar before? - A. Yes; on the 26th of November, as I was coming from Newington-green


 to town, I saw the prisoner coming towards me, as I was going down the first field; when I got near the bottom of the field, the prisoner passed me near my right hand; he asked me what o'clock it was; I told him I believed it was about eleven; with that he said, your money or your life; I cannot be positive that he said your life, but I understood him so; he demanded my money, which I refused, by telling him that I was not to be frightened out of my money, though at the same time I was in a deal of fear. He told me to make no resistance, that he could call help, and he 
               drew
             a whistle or something to his teeth; I replied, I could call assistance as well as him; with that he said, did you meet a man; then he said, I will let you go; I made no answer. With that the prisoner passed me, and went towards Newington, and I went towards Newington-green; when I got a little way from him, I turned to pursue the prisoner; with that he turned, and saw me following of him, and he came to meet me; I told him I would have him pursued; he said, what is that you say, what is that you say, twice over; I told him again I would have him pursued, and directly I cried out, William. The prisoner then passed me, and run through a little gate; he turned to his left hand, and went into another field; he went the length of that field, and got over the bank; then I lost sight of him. I turned myself, and saw this William, and a gentleman; they both came to my assistance; I told them what had passed; William pursued the prisoner, and he took him in a place called Cut-throat-lane.
Q. You did not see him take him? - A. No; I saw him bringing the prisoner towards us, I knew him to be the same man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KING
               



             sworn. - Q. You are the person that the last witness alluded to? - A. Yes, I am servant to the Rev. Dr. Gaskin; I was in his yard, when I heard a lady scream, and I immediately went to her assistance; when I came to her, she said she had been stopped by a man, and that he had ran across the fields, pointing towards Kingsland; I immediately pursued the prisoner, and when I had crossed two fields, I looked to the right, and saw the prisoner running down a dirty lane, called Cut-throat-lane; the prisoner looked back over his right shoulder, and saw me pursuing of him; he rather abated his pace, but before I got up to him, he crossed the lane, attempting to get over a bank; I came up to him before he was over the bank, and asked him if he had not seen a lady in the fields leading to Newington-green; his answer was, that he had not; I told him that a lady had been stopped, and that I could take him up on suspicion; he said he should not go back to the lady; he said he was going to Hoxton workhouse to see his father; he walked on a little way, and I went by the side of him, advising him to go back with me to the lady; he rather made a stop, and hesitated for a moment, and asked me if the lady was in the field; I told him she was; he then said he would go back; he walked on a little way, and he said, I have done wrong; I said, what have you done, my friend; he said, I asked the woman what it was o'clock.
Q. Did he say any thing to you about demanding her money? - A. He did mention the word money, but I cannot particularly say what; he then walked on with me till we came to the lady in the field where he had stopped her; he desired me not to say any thing to him, as he had surrendered himself up; I then put him in the cage till night, and then I took him to Worship-street.
Q.(To the prosecutrix.) Did he produce a pistol, or any weapon of any sort? - A. No, I did not perceive that he had any thing; he demanded my money.
- GREEVES sworn. - Q. What do you know respecting this circumstance? - A. On the 26th of November, after passing the field near Dr. Gaskin's house, I heard the cry of a female voice; I looked round, and heard the cry repeated; I then ran to the assistance of the lady, she was in my sight; she told me she had been stopped by a man; the witness, 
               
                  William 
                  King
               



            , ran after the prisoner;I saw King bring the prisoner back; the prisoner, I believe, touched his hat, and said to me, do not touch me, as he had surrendered himself up, but I laid hold of him by the arm.


                  JOHN 
                  RAY
               



             sworn. - I am an officer; I searched the prisoner, and found an handkerchief with some holes in it, it was silk; people that go out upon the highway make use of this; it may be used for a disguise.
Q. Do you know him? - A. Yes, he is very well known, I have seen him often; he did live about Clerkenwell, he is something in the chair way; he has been here before for stopping ladies in the fields.
Q. Does he follow any trade? - A. Not to my knowledge.
Prisoner's defence. I have this to say: I was going from Newington-green to Newington; I met a woman going there, and I asked her the time of the day; she seemed rather frightened at my asking her that; I said to her, do not be frightened, I do not want to hurt you, nor neither do I ask you for your money; I went on my way a few steps, and she likewise her way; then she turned back, and said she would have me pursued; she called out, William, William, several times, as loud as she could; it rather frustrated me, I did not know what to do; I made my way over into the next field, I turned back, and saw somebody was in pursuit of me; I rather stopped, a person came up to me, and asked me if I had met a woman; I told him, no; he said there had been a woman stopped, and he would advise me to go back with him; I said I am going to see my father, who is in a workhouse at Hoxton; he said, I can take you up on suspicion; I said, is the lady in the field where she was stopped; he replied, yes; I then consented to go back with him, which I did, and the lady, when she saw me with him, said, I was the man that stopped her; I was then immediately put in the cage.
Q.(To the prosecutrix.) Did you hear the first part of his account - is it true? - A. It is not true, I told you every word, word for word.



               GUILTY
            , aged 44.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
