





619. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BIRD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of June
, four yards, and three quarters of a yard, of striped holland, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Willmott
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLMOTT
               



            . I live at 16, John-street, Oxford-street, I am an upholsterer
. The things in this indictment were pledged on the 25th of July, four yards and three quarters of striped holland bolonging to me; she was my forewoman
. As I was coming home I met the prisoner a little after one o'clock on the 10th of August; I met the prisoner as she was going dinner. Observing her to have her gown in this way, (witness describing it) and her pockets to stick out, I thought it somewhat singular; I watched her where she was going; I followed her to Mr. Hill's, pawnbroker, Newman's passage, Upper Rathbone place, where I found her in the act of offering this to pledge (producing another article.)
Q. You found her in the act of pledging some of your property. - A. Yes; I took her in custody and gave her to the officer; he searched the woman and found forty eight duplicates upon her; some of which were for my property


                  JOSEPH 
                  GREGORY
               



            . I am an officer. I examined this woman; I found forty eight duplicates on her her; three of them are Mr. Willmott's.
Q. Did you find any one of them on the 25th of July. - A. Not one.
Mr. CLEARSON. I am a pawnbroker in Castle-street, Oxford-road. I took in pledges of the prisoner at different times; this striped holland was pledged on the 25th of July for two shillings; I am sure the prisoner pawned it.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. My trouble is great; I fall on your mercy. I am the wife of an officer that has served his Majesty for years; I have a son now in the service. After having a child that has lost a leg, I was obliged to solicit for work; I in an unguarded moment was tempted to take the articles till I received my money from my husband, which was due in a few days; I entreat you will have mercy on me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
