





92. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BOROUGHS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of December
, a gold broach, value 4 s. and a dollar, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Stevens
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  STEVENS
               



             sworn. I keep the Star and Garter in Panton-street




; 
               
                  John 
                  Boroughs
               



             was quartered in my house. Having lost several sums of money out of my pocket, on Christmas night I kept a marked dollar in my breches pocket; the broach was in the window of the bed-room. In the morning the prisoner came down when I was in the bar, I immediately run up to see if the dollar was gone, and finding it gone, I pursued the prisoner and caught him about half way down the street, I brought him back and sent for a constable, I had him searched, the dollar was found in his waistcoat pocket; the broach he had sold a few days before to a pawnbroker.
Q. What regiment does he belong to? - A. The third regiment of guards, he is a drum boy
.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLEMENTS
               



             sworn. I am a constable, I took the prisoner in custody, and searched him, I produce the dollar I took out of his waistcoat pocket.
Prosecutor. That is my dollar, I marked it on the counter, with the edge of an hammer.


                  MORGAN 
                  JONES
               



             sworn. I produce a broach, the prisoner at the bar sold it to me on the 6th of December, I gave him four-shillings for it.
Prosecutor. That is my broach.
Prisoner's Defence. I found the dollar on the top of the stairs, and the broach by the side of the bed, I kept it about a week, nobody enquired after it, I thought then it was my own.



               GUILTY
            , aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
