






297. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PINK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3d of March
, three pieces of jennet, value 9 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Joblin
                  



               
            .
Second Count for stealing the like goods, laying them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ferguson
                  



               
            , and Two other Counts for like offence, only charging it to be the property of other persons.
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.


                  JOHN 
                  JOBLIN
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp.
Q. You keep the White Horse Inn, Cripplegate




. - A. I do; the prisoner Brown was my waggoner
, and Pink was my porter
.
Q. Your waggon was employed for the purpose of conveying goods from the Paddington canal. - A. I have a considerable deal of traffic there; it was the two prisoners daily employ there under me. (The witness produced a book.)
Q. What book have you got there. - A. The book of the delivery of the goods that were brought down that day.
Q. Did they bring any goods down with them that day consigned to Mr. Ferguson. - A. Yes.
Mr. Alley. Is that book your hand writing. - A. It is the goods to be delivered on the 3d of March by Brown and Pink, one pack to Mr. Ferguson, Cecil-court, St. Martin's-lane.
Mr. Knapp. Did you observe that pack when it arrived. - A. I did, I saw it taken off the waggon.
Court. That waggon was accompanied by the two prisoners. - A. It was.
Mr. Knapp. Did you observe any thing with respect to the appearance of it. - A. It appeared rather loose, it did not appear to me that there was any thing gone, till Mr. Ferguson sent down to me; I have got to pay for the goods that were lost.
Q. Did these two persons convey it to Mr. Ferguson. - A. They did not, another man delivered it to Mr. Ferguson.


                  JOHN 
                  GASSIGN
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp.
Q. You belong to Messrs. Saunderson and Mason of Manchester, did you pack up any bales of jennet in February last, were they directed to Mr. Ferguson. A. Yes, in Cecil-court.
Q. How did you send them. - A. In the boat down the Grand Junction; we sent the invoice by the coach, directed to Mr. Ferguson; we delivered the bale of jennet to a carrier, and they put it in the boat.


                  JOHN 
                  FERGUSON
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You live in Cecil-court. - A. I do.
Q. Did you receive an invoice from the house of Saunderson. - A. I did, by post, I have got the invoice in my pocket (producing the letter); the letter is dated the 19th of February.
Q. Does the invoice take notice of a bale of jennet. - A. Yes.
Q. Did you receive through the medium of Mr. Joblin any bale of jennet. - A. Yes, I discovered three pieces missing immediately I opened it.
Q. How many pieces was the bale to contain, as appears by the invoice. - A. Thirty-nine pieces of jennet and two of velveteen; the bail appeared to be loose but I did not miss the goods till it was opened, then I missed them; among the straw there were these two pieces, which corresponded with the pieces that were missing, they are the fag ends, and they are marked with the length and the number, they correspond exactly with the invoice; the value of the three pieces amounting to between eight and nine pound.


                  JAMES 
                  LAWSON
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are servant to Mr. Crouch, a pawnbroker. - A. I am, he lives at No. 26, Ray-street, Clerkenwell.
Q. Do you know Brown the prisoner. - A. Yes; on Monday evening the 3d of March between seven and eight o'clock, he brought a piece of jean or jennet, he said he wanted to pledge it with me, he said he had bought it of a man in the street, it was his property, and he gave fifteen pence a-yard for it, I asked him to give me his name, he gave me the name of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Brown
               



            , Bull Wharf, Thames-street, and he worked for Harding and Hill, Queenhithe, I told him I should take care of the jennet, and he might call the next morning, as my master was not at home; he said he would.
Q. He did not perform his promise, I suppose. - A. He did not, I told my master of it when he came home, and we went to Mr. Trott, the officer, of Hatton Garden; we then went to Bull Wharf and Queenhithe, according to Brown's directions, we could get no intelligence that night; on the Wednesday morning Mr. Trott and I went to Harding and Hills again; we got information there where he worked, he had worked for Messrs. Harding and Hill some time previous; we went to Mr. Joblin, we found he worked there, we went from there to his brother's house, White Horse-court, Wood-street.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TROTT
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are an officer; in consequence of information from that young man did you go to Brown's. - A. I went exactly as he described; in tracing Brown to Mr. Joblin, I enquired of Mr. Joblin if he worked there, I found he did, and he was gone with the waggon to the Hambro' Wharf in the city; finding he lodged in White Horse Yard in Wood-street, I went there, his wife was there; I found this piece of jennet undone, and rolled up in heaps inside of a half tester bedstead which was turned up in the room, I took it away and went to the Hambro' Wharf, where I saw the prisoners Brown and a waggon; seeing so many persons there I told him his master wanted him, I took him into a public house and there I told him what I wantedwith him and what I had found at his house, he was very much alarmed, he was taken to the office, there he confessed in the yard that Pink was concerned with him and Pink had received part of the property; I then went to Mr. Joblin and waited for Pink returning home with the waggon, then I took him in custody, then Mr. Joblin, he, and I went in in a coach to search Pink's house, I forget the street's name, it is in Brick-lane, Spital Fields, we asked him if he lived there, he said he did; there we found a piece of jennet cut in the form of a child's frock, and part of it put together; Pink was taken to the office, they would not confess for two examinations, when they did it was taken in writing.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley.
Q. These men were locked up in the yard at the police office, did you serve out any promise to them. A. I did not.
Q. What conversation had you with them. - A. Very little indeed.
Q. I should take it that you locked the prisoners up for the magistrate to examine them. - A. Surely.
Q. Did you enter into an examination of them. - A. I did not; Brown told me if I would make haste and go to a person of the name of Frost, Cole Harbour-lane, Thames-street, I should find another piece, he thought he could not have disposed of it by that time, I got a search warrant from the lord-mayor, I found this piece at Frost's.
Mr. Knapp. Q. You are now producing another piece. - A. Yes, Pink informed me that he had left a piece at his brother's, Mr. Robinson in Whitechapel; it is a dark piece with the mark of M. S. on it.
Q. Was Frost's a public house. - A. Yes, I think it is the Dyer's Arms, or Distiller's Arms, I will not be positive.
Mr. Alley. Q. You have said there were two examinations before they would confess, that expression implies an unwillingness in these men to confess. - A. It was two examinations before they would confess, Brown did confess on the second.
Q. Do you mean to swear that no one said any thing to these men in your hearing. - A. I heard a friend say to Pink, Oh! you fool, the other has turned evidence, why should you keep so many things in your breast.
Q. Had not that expression been made use of in consequence of something falling from you. - A. It had not.
Q. Had not you desired that friend to say that. - A. I had not.
Q. Then it was a good natured friend of the prisoners that induced him to say that. - A. It was.
Mr. Knapp. Q. You saw them sign their confession. - A. I saw the magistrate sign it, and I saw the prisoner Brown make his mark to it; I saw Pink sign his name, and the same magistrate signed it.
(The confession of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Brown
               



             read in court.)


                  JAMES 
                  ROBINSON
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You are brother in law to Pink, did you hear any conversation between Trott and the prisoner Pink. - A. My young man did; Pink said to him I have confessed every thing, for Trott told him if he would confess he should be forgiven.
Court. Did you know what employ your brother was in. - A. Yes.
Q. Did you know that he was porter to Mr. Jobling. - A. I did not know whether he drove the cart or whether he was porter; I keep a large sale room, this was brought into my room.
Q. I think you ought to be a little more cautious, where do you live, it is a subject of importance to the public whether you should not be made an object of attention. - A. No. 13, Red Lion-street, Whitechapel.
Mr. Knapp. Q. (to Ferguson) Is that your property. - A. I cannot see any mark to enable me to say; that mark which Trott has shewed me, I have no doubt of that.
Trott. That piece was found at Brown's.
Ferguson. The piece that was found at Pink's likewise, I think it is of the same quality.
Mr. Alley. That is all you can say, they are of the same quality. - A. Yes.
Q. They never were in your possession. - A. No.
Q. When these goods were taken the papers were gone, which is a material thing, and the fag had been cut off, are they jane or jennet, are they not distinct species. - A. I do not know that they are.
Court. (to Mr. Joblin) When this package came to your warehouse was the prisoner Pink in company with Brown. - A. They were both on one duty that day, they both came into the yard together.
Mr. Knapp. Somebody produced some fag ends. A. Mr. Ferguson did.
Q. (to Gassign) Are these two pieces of fag ends your marking. - A. Yes, I believe they came off this piece.
Q. Look at the piece produced by the pawnbroker. - A. This is one of the pieces that was sent to Mr. Ferguson, there is S. M. on this, it exactly corresponds with one piece missing.
Q. You believe from the inspection of all these pieces, the one that is produced by the pawnbroker, the other piece from Brown, and the piece cut out at Pink's, you believe them to be those pieces that you sent. - A. Yes.


                  HENRY 
                  GREVILLE
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You are clerk to Mr. Robinson. - A. Yes.
Q. Were you at Hatton Garden at the time these men were on examination. - A. I was once.
Q. Did you hear Trott say any thing to Pink. - A. No, what I heard Mr. Trott say was not at the office; when he came to our place to take the stuff, he said that Pink had confessed, and he believed he should make an evidence of him.
Court. Are you greatly in the habits of receiving packages from porters at your sale shop. - A. Yes, they bring them from other persons.
Q. I mean from porters of waggons. - A. No, not at all.
Pink called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Brown called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.
PINK - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 46.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
