





30. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SLATER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of October
, an iron vice, value 5 s. a brass stamp, value 10 s. and seven pound weight of pewter, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Elliot
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ELLIOT
               



             sworn. I am a jeweller
; I live in Wilderness Row, Goswell Street


, the prisoner was journeyman
 to me.
Q. How long had he been journeyman to you? - A. About three weeks or a month; in the beginning of November I missed a cake of pewter, about seven or eight pounds weight? the prisoner went away from his work at that time; when he came I told him that we had missed the pewter, we had not missed the stamp till the morning he come to work; I asked him if he knew any thing of it, he said nothing; I told him I should send for an officer; I did; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  White
               



             came, he searched him, but found none of my property on him; he was taken before the magistrate at Hatton Garden; in the mean time I sent after these articles. I have not found the brass stamp nor the cake of pewter; I did not know I had missed the vice till it was produced by Mr. Hill the pawnbroker. I knew it to be mine.


                  THOMAS 
                  HILL
               



             sworn. I am a pawnbroker; I live at No. 64, Turnmill-street, Clerkenwell; I produce a vice, I took it in pawn of the prisoner at the bar; on the 24th of October.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



             sworn. I am an officer of Hatton Garden; I was sent for by Mr. Elliot to take the prisoner in custody. He confessed before the magistrate that he had stole the vice, and he hoped the prosecutor would forgive him.

Mr. Elliot. It is my vice, I am sure of it.
Prisoner's Defence. I have had that vice in my possession four years.



               GUILTY
             - aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
