








186. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LUASE
                  , alias 
LUCASE





            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN WESTRAY 
                     HAYCOCK
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE JAMES 
                     OSBORNE
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking, and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Michael 
                           Benjamin
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of six at night, on the 11th of February

, and burglariously stealing therein, twelve waistcoats, value 2 l. 8 s.
             the property of Michael Benjamin, and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GALLOWAY
                  



               
            , for 


               feloniously receiving ten of the aforesaid waistcoats, value 2 l. being part of the same goods, he knowing them to have been stolen
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  SARAH 
                  BENJAMIN
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Where do you live. - A. I live at No. 67, Wardour-street, Soho



.
Q. On Tuesday the 11th of February, had any accident happened to any of the panes of glass at your shop window. - A. Before the 11th of February, an accident happened to a pane of glass, there was a hole in it about the size of the palm of my hand.
Q. Did you discover at any time on Tuesday, the 11th of February, that that pane of glass had been broken to a greater extent. - A. I missed the property between six and seven o'clock last Tuesday week, my husband was out.
Q. How lately before you had missed it had you seen the property. - A. I cannot tell, I missed twelve swansdown waistcoats, of different patterns, they were placed in the window, near the pane of glass that was broken.
Q. When you so missed them, did you examine the pane of glass, and find that it had been still broken more than it was before. - A. Yes, there was a hat before it, which had been moved and some of the waistcoats had been taken from the hole, and the hole was as big again.
Q. Then the hole was large enough for an hand to be put in, and the waistcoats to be taken out. - A. Yes, the next morning I went to Monmouth-street, and took an old marcella waistcoat with me to the different shops, and among the different shops I went to Galloway's, when I went into his shop, I asked him if he had any swansdown waistcoats, he said, yes ma'am; I told him I wanted one, and I had the size with me, I produced the marcella waistcoat of the size, he took two or three waistcoats from a shelf, and one from the outside of his door, and shewed me, we measured them; I looked up to the shelf, and I thought they were the whole of the property that I lost; I said to him, I cannot agree with you about one, I will go home and send my husband; I went home directly and sent my husband. Mr. Gallowaygave me a card of the shop.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley.
Q. This shop belongs to Mr. Benjamin. - A. Yes, he is my husband.
Q. I thought he was your partner. - A. He is my partner.
Q. I know he is your sleeping partner; you lost these waistcoats on the night of the eleventh, on the following morning you went to Galloway's house, and you found the waistcoats. - A. Yes, I did.
Q. You saw them hanging outside of the door. - A. No, he went out and brought one from the outside of the door.
Q. You saw him go into the street, therefore, it must be hanging outside there. - A. Yes.
Q. And any body going by, must see them hanging out, exposed to public sale; were you present when these were purchased by your husband. - A. No, he gave four shillings a-piece for them, he bought them at a sale at Chelsea.
Q. The other waistcoats that you saw on the shelf, he pulled them down very readily, they were exposed openly in the shop. - A. Yes.


                  MICHAEL 
                  BENJAMIN
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are the husband of the last witness. - A. I am.
Q. In consequence of information that your wife gave you, did you on the 12th of February go to the house of Galloway. - A. I did, immediately she came home; when I was there I was rather flurried, seeing my waistcoats laying on the shelf, I directly said to Mr. Galloway, these are my property, I lost them last night, I spoke rather loud, and there came by one or two people that I deal with, which he knew; he said, do not speak so loud, you shall have your waistcoats, I will give you your waistcoats back again; I refused to take them, I had lost twelve; he said he had bought only eleven, and one of the boys had stole one back from him, he said he would pay for the two; he told me he gave four shillings and six-pence for three of them, and three shillings and six-pence for the remainder; I told him particularly that I had gave information to the office, and requested him, if the boys should come again, to detain them and let me know; he said he would. I took the waistcoats away.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley.
Q. And in point of fact the boys did come again, and he did detain them, and sent for a constable. - A. He did.
Q. You took the waistcoats on the morning of the 12th, you did not attempt to take the prisoner Galloway into custody; you saw him at Bow-street, where he had brought the boys. - A. I returned home about five.
Mr. Alley. I will prove it by the officer.


                  ROBERT 
                  MUSLIN
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. I believe you are the servant of the prisoner Galloway. - A. I am.
Q. Were you in the shop with them and your master Galloway on the evening of that day. - A. I was.
Q. Look at the three boys at the bar, and tell me whether they are the three boys that came into your master's shop. - A. I cannot say, I was minding my master's business.
Q. Did three boys come into your master's shop. A. I cannot say.
Q. Did any person come in, and sell your master any waistcoats that evening. - A. That I do not know.
Q. How was you employed that evening you was there. - A. At my master's work, at tayloring in the shop.
Q. What is the size of the shop. - A. I cannot tell you, it is a large size.
Q. As large as this court. - A. Not quite.
Q. What is the size of it, is it as large as this table. - Q. Not so long.
Q. How far was you sitting from the counter. - A. The counter is against the parlour door, and I was sitting at the window at work, I suppose I was four yards from the counter.
Q. Upon the oath you have taken do you remember any persons selling to your master that evening any waistcoats. - A. I do.
Q. Were the persons who sold the waistcoats so to your master, one in number, or more than one. A. That I cannot say.
Q. Was it one or three. - A. I cannot say whether one or three.
Q. Upon the oath you have taken how many persons were there. - A. Upon my oath I saw only one.
Q. Was that one you saw a man or a boy. - A. That I cannot tell, I judged him to be about twenty.
Q. I ask you whether you have no belief whether it was a man or a boy. - A. A boy.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley.
Q. You was in the house the next day when the prosecutor came. - A. I was.
Q. When the prosecutor came there you heard the conversation with the prisoner. - A. I did.
Q. He told him that he had lost the waistcoats in question, and that they were his. - A. He did.
Q. Did you hear what answer your master made to him. - A. He told him he would deliver up the property, if they were his, and he would detain the parties if they came.
Q. On the next day did the three boys come to his house. - A. They did.
Q. Do you know whether your master went to Bow-street to get an officer to apprehend these boys. - A. He did.
Q. Did your master give you any directions before he went to Bow-street. - A. He did, to detain the boys, while he went to Bow-street to get an officer to take them into custody; I was to sew on a button for one of them, and while my master was gone, I broke my thread several times in sewing on the buttons.
Court. He went to Bow-street and got an officer, and took them into custody. - A. He did so.
Mr. Alley. In consequence of that, he and the boys went to Bow-street, and he was committed. - A. Yes.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BAKER
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am an officer of Bow-street.
Q. On the 13th of this month were you fetched to the prisoner, Galloway's house. - A. On the 12th, between one and two o'clock, I went to his shop with him, there I found the three boys at the bar, the little boy, Osborne, was on the shopboard, theman was sewing on his buttons; I asked Galloway in their hearing were these the persons he had bought the waistcoats of, he answered yes; I took them in custody and searched them, I asked them where they brought them from.
Q. Before they said any thing, did you make use of any promise whatever or threats to enduce them to confess. - A. Not any at all, Osborne told me he would tell me the truth, he told me that the other two boys took from the window of Mr. Benjamin twelve waistcoats, he being present saw them take them, and he took them from them, they went to Mr. Galloway's house in Monmouth-street, and asked him if he would purchase them.
Q. Did either of the other boys say any thing to you. - A. Yes, on the Saturday after, when they were all together, they said they were the persons who took the property.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley.
Q. You know there is a forty pound reward. - A. I am satisfied with that, God forbid I should do it for that.
Court. Gentlemen, what is said by one prisoner against another is not evidence; in the first place, it is not upon oath, no man can be convicted by the law of his country but upon taking a solemn oath, that what he says shall be the truth, therefore, what one prisoner says of another, even at your bar, cannot be evidence, because, it is not under the sanction of an oath; here is a confession, that goes no further than he was one of the parties that stole the property, I am not fond of confessions obtained by officers, because it is not a thing which is easy contradicted, it is generally made by a prisoner in private, and we have no way of ascertaining the truth of what a man unfortunately says; therefore, I keep a tight hand on all confessions, I would much rather a guilty man escape justice, than an innocent man be punished.
Q.(to Mr. Benjamin) Produce the waistcoats. - A. These are the waistcoats (producing them). They are my property.
Lucase's Defence. When I was in Castle-street, I met these young men, he said he was going of a message for his mother, he asked us to go with him, we did, and as we were coming back we picked up this bundle, we immediately looked at it, and found they were waistcoats, we went immediately to Monmouth-street, and asked Mr. Galloway if he would buy them, he said, yes, he would give three shillings and sixpence a-piece for them, that is all that passed; he paid us and we went away; the next morning 
               
                  James 
                  Osborne
               



             asked us if we would go with him to Mr Galloway's, to have his button sewed on his breeches, we went with him, Mr. Galloway told the man to sew on all his buttons; Mr. Galloway went out and brought in three constables.
Haycock's Defence. As Lucase and I were coming along Castle-street we met Osborne, he said he was going of a message, he asked us if we would go with him, we said, yes; coming back we found this bunble, we saw they were waistcoats, we took them to Galloway's, we asked him if he would buy them, he said, yes, or any thing that we brought.
Osborne said nothing in his defence.
Galloway left his defence to his counsel, called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.
LUCASE - GUILTY, aged 18.
HAYCOCK - GUILTY, aged 15.
OSBORNE - GUILTY, aged 13.
Of 


               stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings only, but not of the Burglary
            .






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
GALLOWAY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
