





502. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     MILES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of May
, three books, value 3 s.
             the property of the 
               London dock company

            .
SECOND COUNT the same as the former, only laying them to be the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Boosey
               



            .
THIRD COUNT, the property of persons to the jurors unknown.
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.


                  DANIEL 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . Q. I understand you are gate-keeper to the London dock


 - A. Yes. and the prisoner was a labouring man
; I think he had been employed in the dock the last two years.
Q. On the 4th of May had you any books to be conveyed to Mr. Boosey - A. There was a case of books on the Quay at four o'clock in the afternoon. When the people left work, as gate-keeper, my duty called me to run them down; I rubbed the prisoner down, and under his left arm I felt something; I said to him, partner, what have you got here; he said nothing; I opened his clothes and found two books; I turned him over to my brother officer, he took him to the guard room and searched him.
Q. They were under the care of the London dock company, and laying within their walls - A. Yes; they were laying facing No 2, on the London dock quay; they had been weighed that day for the duties, and were laying there for the person to whom they belonged, under the care of the dock company.
Mr. Alley. Can you say that you saw the two books in question until they were taken from the prisoner - A. No, I did not. There was a case of books laying on the quay of this description.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am constable of the London dock; I was by the gate-keeper when he rubbed him down; I saw him take the two books from under hisclothes; I took him to the guard house and searched him, and found this third book under his left arm next to his skin; this is a German and English dictionary, this is 
               
                  Gil 
                  Blas
               



            , the other is Petrarch; after I searched him further; I found a small bag of sugar concealed under his shirt; I asked him how he came to take such things from the dock; he acknowledged that he had taken them from where he had been at work. There was a case of books open on the Quay that day for the purpose of weighing them for the customs; they were imported; I took the prisoner to the Thames police. On the Friday I took the books to Mr. Boosey; I saw the same case in his shop; it was marked T. B. and the prisoner acknowledged that he had taken the sugar, it was a small quantity.


                  DANIEL 
                  ABBOTT
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Boosey
               



            . a book-seller
 in Old Broad-street. On Friday the 5th of May, we received a case of books; I opened the case afterwards and found there were a number missing; there were two sets of Petrarch missing, the German Dictionary; I have got the second volume in my pocket, and the 
               
                  Gil 
                  Blas
               



             is similar to one of the set; they correspond one with the other; I cannot swear that they are belonging to the set of books, because Mr. Boosey never had them in his possession.
Mr. Alley. Q. You suppose that such a number of books were missing - have you got your invoice - A. No.
Q. Therefore I take it for granted you cannot tell what was coming to Mr. Boosey only from the invoice - A. That I have not got here; we have no other guide.
Q. That guide you have left at home and you have not brought it here - A. No.
Mr. Knapp. That case was marked T. B. - did it not belong to Mr. Boosey - A. Mr. Boosey took it into his possession; he would not have taken it in if it did not belong to him; he expected to import the whole of the case: but some of the books were missing from the case.
GEORGE BRADLEY. Q. You are a labourer in the London docks - A. Yes, and so was the prisoner. On the 4th of May, he and I were working at the same scale where every thing is weighed that were landed; I was at the landing of the case of books out of the ship, called the Spanish Patriot; it was opened for the purpose of being weighed; there was paper between every tier of books.
Prisoner's Defence. I found these books in some waste paper; I put them in my bosom; I thought them of little or no value, and when I came to the gate the officer stopped me; I had them in my bosom.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 44.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Grose.
