





36. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PITTMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of November
, three pounds weight of bacon, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Reardon
                  




               
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  REARDON
               



             sworn. - I am a cheese-monger
, No. 17, Drury-lane


: On the evening of the 17th of November, the prisoner, with another person, came into my shop; the prisoner said, we want a small quantity of bacon to cut into rashers; I cut the quantity he required, which was about half a pound; I turned round to weigh it, when the other man took a piece of bacon between three and four pounds from the window, and ran out of the shop with it, and the prisoner ran after him; I came round the counter as quick as I could to pursue them; it was between six and seven o'clock in the evening; I went out; a little girl in my service went out before me; I went down the coal-yard, I did not see them; I returned again, and saw two little boys that I had seen at my door when the little girl went out; in consequence of their information, I returned to the coal-yard, and there I saw the prisoner; I laid hold of him, and he kicked me, and beat me very severely, and in the scuffle Mr. Alexander's footman, of Lincoln's-Inn, was coming by, and saw the prisoner throw away some bad half-crowns; he picked up two of them; several people came up, one said, knock him down, and another said, stick him with a knife; that was when he was beating me; a neighbour came to my assistance, and we took him to the watch-house. The Magistrate gave him till the 19th to consider whether he would go into the Army of Reserve; he would not, and then he was committed. I am sure he is the man; he said before the Magistrate that the other young man and he had been drinking at the house of a man, of the name of Baldwin, in Fore-street, that they came together from Fore-street to Drury-lane, and that the other had led him a one side; that was the term he used.
Prisoner. I was committed for the value of ten-pence, and expected to be tried at Hick's Hall; my friends have been attending there, and did not know but I should be tried there.
Prosecutor. Not knowing whether he would go into the Army or not, Mr. Stafford, clerk at Bow-street, put it down at ten-pence; but I afterwards told him the bacon I lost was worth more than two shillings, and he said, I was entitled to indict him for that sum.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
