





358. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LOWE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of February
, three yards of muslin, value 30s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Gedge
               



             and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Gedge
                  



               
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)
- RICHARDSON sworn. - I am servant to Messrs. William and Joseph Gedge, linen-drapers

: On Wednesday, the 17th of February, the prisoner came to our shop, and requested to look at some muslin for neck-handkerchiefs; he requested I would let him have a good article, for the last he had was not so good as it ought to have been; I recommended him a piece of muslin, which he requested me to cut three squares off from; I did so, I put them in a paper, and made a parcel of them, and the bill of parcels I gave into his hand.

Q. Had the bill of parcels any endorsement except upon the face of it? - A. None; he wished me to send some person with them, and he would return the money; upon which he asked if there was not an army agent's office in the neighbourhood; I told him there was; Christie and Shaw's, in Leicester-place; he then said, is there not an attorney in Leicester-place, a Mr. Cannon? I told him there was; he said, he knew him; he went away, and the little boy with him.
Cross-examined by the Prisoner. Q. Have you not, in your time, seen a person you may have taken for me? - A. No.
Q. Do you recollect having seen me in your shop before? - A. No.
Q. Did you not consider me as responsible for the goods in question? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you not sell the articles in question to me? - A. Yes.
Q. Were you doubtful whether I should pay for them? - A. No; you told me you would give te money to the person who brought the parcel.
Q. Are you not in the habit of letting goods go out of your shop upon credit? - A. Not with strangers.
Q. It is impossible you can swear you have not given credit at times where you form an idea that the party is responsible for the amount? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you give the bill into my hands, or the hands of the boy? - A. Into your hands, and you returned it; and I gave it into the hands of the boy, with the goods.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ABBOTT
               



             sworn. - I am shop-boy to Messrs. Gedge's: On the 17th of February, the prisoner came into our shop; I went with the prisoner to Mr. Cannon's, No. 5, Leicester-place; the prisoner knocked at the door, and asked if Mr. Cannon was within; he knocked at the door, and the servant said, Mr. Cannon was not at home; then he went over to Messrs. Christie and Shaw's; I went with him; he knocked at the door, and asked if Mr. Christie was within; the boy told him he was not within; and he asked if Mr. Shaw was within; he said, Mr. Shaw was within; he said, that would do all the same, and he went up stairs; Mr. Richardson gave me the bill of parcels to go with the prisoner, and I gave it to the prisoner in Messrs. Christie and Shaw's passage; he said, he would bring the money in a few minutes; he came down in about five minutes, and asked the boy for a pen and ink; he took him into the office, and he wrote at the bottom of the bill, "Mr. Cutfield, pay the above to the bearer;" he told me to go to No. 4, Leicester-place, and Mr. Cutfield would give me the money; I went there, but no such person lived there; while I was standing at the door, I saw the prisoner go up Leicester-place.
Q. Did you ever see him again till he was taken up? - A. No.
Q. How long was it before he was taken up? - A. I don't know.
Court. Q. Are you sure he is the same man? - A. Yes.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Did you deliver the parcel to him without meaning to receive the money? - A. I meant to receive the money when he brought it down.
Q. Have you ever received the money at all? - A. No.
Court. Q. How much was it to come to? - A. One pound fifteen shillings.
Cross-examined by the Prisoner. Q. Can you swear to my being in your shop on the 17th of February? - A. I can.
Q. Did you ever see me before that period? - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. Did you ever receive any instructions from your master what to say before you came to this Court? - A. No.
The prisoner put in a written defence, denying the charge. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
