





573. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HINTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 30th of September
, a gown, value 10 s. five petticoats, value 16 s. a shift, value 2 s. two pair of stockings, value 1 s. 6 d. a silk handkerchief, value 1 s. a pair of shoes, value 1 s. a bonnet, value 2 s. two neck handkerchiefs, value 2 s. two children's frocks, value 2 s. a bed-gown, value 1 s. a pair of breeches, value 13 s. a shirt, value 3 s. and an apron, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Gershen
                  




               
            .


                  LUCY 
                  GERSHEN
               



             sworn. I am the wife of 
               
                  Philip 
                  Gershen
               



            ; the prisoner lived with me as a servant
 near thirteen weeks, at two shillings a week; I came home on the 30th of December from market, with some fruit, I called her to help the porter down with the fruit, which she did, and before the porter had gone, this woman was gone; my husband came home and I told him the woman was gone; I looked over my property and missed all these articles.
Q. You did not see her take any thing with her. - A. No.


                  CHARLES 
                  STANCEY
               



             sworn. I am a pawnbroker, I live at No. 30, Red Lion-street, Whitechapel. I produce a child's petticoat, pledged on the 20th of September for eightpence, on the 13th of September, a white apron for one shilling and sixpence, and on the 22d a frock for one shilling. She pawned them in the name of Hinton.
Q. Look at the prisoner, are you sure it is her. - A. I cannot positively say it is her, but to the best of my belief I think is is.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHNSON
               



             sworn. I am shopman to Mr. Fleming, Newgate-street, pawnbroker; I produce a gown pledged for eight-shillings, in the name of Hinton. I have no knowledge of the prisoner, I took it in myself.


                  THOMAS 
                  SIMMONDS
               



             sworn. I am a pawnbroker. I live with Mr. Windsor, 105 Whitechapel. I produce six pledges pledged by the prisoner; I took in three out of the six; I believe she is the person, I know her face.
(The property produced and identified.)
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
