






618. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TAGO
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of September
, a silver watch, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Aldridge
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALDRIDGE
               



             sworn. - I am a baker
; I live in Queen Ann-street East: On the 1st of September, at half past twelve o'clock at night, I was sitting at the step of a door in Little Chapel-street


.
Q. Were you sober? - A. I was sober; I had a friend with me; he was very much in liquor.
Q. And you went to take care of him; you fell asleep? - A. Yes; I slept till a man came to me; I felt him take my watch out of my pocket; he ran away, and I ran after him, calling out stop thief; he was stopped by a constable a little way further off, in the same street; I was not far behind him when he was taken; the witness that took him was shutting up his shop.
Q. What became of your watch? - A. The witness had it afterwards; he found it on him.
Q. Then all you know is, that you fell fast asleep; you felt a man take your watch out of your pocket; you ran after him, and cried out stop thief? - A. Exactly so.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. What are you? - A. I am a baker.
Q. You were quite drunk? - A. I was sober.
Q. I should think no sober man would fall fast asleep in the street - what time of the night was it? - A. Half past twelve.
Q. Are you a married man? - A. I am not.
Q. You have got a lodging, I suppose? - A. I live with my master; I sat down with my friend.
Q. He was drunk, and you were not sober? - A. I had been drinking with him, but I was not drunk.
- CAPFORD sworn. - I keep a soup-shop; I live in Little Chapel-street; I am a constable.
Q. You heard the cry of stop thief? - A. Yes. I immediately pursued him; there was no one running in the street but him; I caught him just by his own door where he lives.
Q. What is he? - A. A hackney-coachman; he drives for a master; when I took hold of him, he immediately said, I live here, let me lay my key down; there was a place withinside the palisades, where he pretended to lay the key down, and it fell out to be the watch; I desired the watchman to pick it up while I held him; he did, and gave it to me when we got to the watch-house. I produce the watch. (The watch identified by the prosecutor.).
Mr. Alley. (To Capford. Q. You were the officer of the night? - A. I was parish constable.
Q. You had got a companion with you; you did not see the man till the dog caught hold of him? - A. I did not know that the dog laid hold of him at all.
Q. I was told that there were two or three other men running at the same time? - A. There was no one running at the same time but the watchman and me.
Q. You did not pick up the watch; you took him to the watch-house first, before you saw the watch? - A. No; I saw him lay it down, and here is the watchman that picked it up; he broke the glass of the watch in laying it down.
Prisoner's defence. I left my yard a quarter before eleven, and I went home a quarter before twelve o'clock; I was at my own door by twelve o'clock.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 40.
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
