







620. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MANN
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CORBY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CHAPMAN
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of August
, a chaldron of coals, value 50s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Thrappit
                        



                     
                  , in a barge upon the navigable river Lea
            .
Second Count. For stealing the same goods in a barge lying and being in a certain creek belonging to the navigable river Lea.
Third Count. For stealing the same goods, theproperty of 
               
                  Esther 
                  Ellis
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Ellis
                  



               
            , in a barge upon the navigable river Lea.
Fourth Count. For stealing the same goods in a barge lying and being in a certain creek belonging to the said navigable river.(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  EDWARD 
                  ELLIS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am in partnership with my mother, Esther Ellis, timber and coal dealers

, at Hertford; we had a servant of the name of Page in our service, he went to London somewhere about the 1st of August, loaded with timber, and he was to load back with coals, or at least I was to let him know; I afterwards met him at Mr. Thrappit's, at Shadwell; I gave Mr. Harper, his clerk, an order for a barge load, which is twenty-two chaldrons and three quarters; I did not see the barge loaded, I received a bill of lading.


                  EDMUND 
                  BRAIN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a lighterman, employed by Mr. Thrappit, coal-merchant, at Lower Shadwell: In consequence of directions from Mr. Thrappit, I gave an order to the meter, to load twenty-two chaldron; I saw the barge in the morning with Page in it.
Q. Did you know it was Mr. Ellis's barge? - A. Yes.


                  GEORGE 
                  OSBORN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a coal-meter: On the 8th of August, I received an order from the last witness to put twenty-two chaldron and three quarters on board; I cannot positively say it was Mr. Ellis's barge, because I did not look at the name on the barge.
Court. Q. Was it the same barge that Brain directed you to put them on board of? - A. Yes.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. You did not see Brain on board? - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  AUSTIN
               



             sworn. - On the 9th of August, I was in the meadows, near the river Lea, measuring Edmonton-marsh to and fro all day; when the coals were taken away, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was about sixty yards from the river, I saw the barge marked Edward Ellis, and also marked upon the barge, Page, steersman; I saw Page on board, I never saw him before in my life; I saw the prisoner, Mann's cart coming down, and backed to where the barge was, in a creek before you come to the river Lea; I saw him in the barge with four or five other men, Corby and Mann were among them; I knew Mann very well; two of them were shovelling coals into the sacks, and two holding them up.
Q. Did you see Chapman? - A.Yes; he was assisting them in filling the sacks; they shot the coals out of the sacks loose into the cart, there were about six or seven sacks, Mann and Corby went away with her cart; Chapman and Page then went and borrowed a cart of one Carpenter, in the Marsh, and in about ten minutes after they loaded that likewise; they had no horses, they drew the cart themselves, and placed it to the barge as the others had done, and loaded the cart with coals; I cannot say what the quantity was, I was not so near them then.
Q. How long were they about it? - A.About twenty-five minutes; Chapman drove the cart away, and Page remained in the barge; as Mann passed me, I said, Mann, I think you buy coals at a cheap rate, don't you; he made me no answer.
Q. Have you any doubt of the three prisoners? - A. I have no doubt at all about it; Chapman I never saw before, but I have no doubt he is the man.
Cross-examined by Mr. Peat. Q. You say there was another name upon the barge besides the prosecutor's? - A. Yes, 
               
                  James 
                  Page
               



            , Steersman.
Q. Mann's cart is a common carrier, I suppose? - A. Yes.
Q. Carries goods of all descriptions? - A. Yes.
Q. What time of the day was it? - A. About four o'clock.
Q. You don't know that the barge that you saw was the same barge that was said to be loaded in the Thames with these coals? - A. The barge that I saw had the steersman name, 
               
                  James 
                  Page
               



            .
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. What business are you? - A. A baker.
Q. And measuring land? - A. Yes; because I was out of place.
Q. How long had you been out of place? - A.Two or three months; I had been ill.
Q. That was the reason of your being out of place? - A.No, it was not.
Q. Do you know where Mr. Jackson, the Magistrate, lives? - A. Yes.
Q. How far from Edmonton? - A. About a mile and a quarter.
Q. Where was your lodging? - A. I am a housekeeper, at Edmonton.
Q. How far from Mr. Jackson's office? - A. About a mile and a half from where I am; there are two Edmontons.
Q. Did you, in any of your leisure walks, go to Mr. 
               Jackson
             the Justice, and tell him there were four men robbing an honest man? - A.I went to Mr. Wright, the high-constable, that same evening.
Q. Did you give him information of the parties concerned? - A. I did.
Q. That you swear? - A. Yes, of Mann.
Q. That was the only person you acquainted him with? - A. I might have acquainted him with more.
Q.Did you acquaint him with the names of Chapman and Page? - A. Yes.
Q.You know the name of Palmer's green, do you not? - A. Yes.

Q. Have you never said, upon any occasion, that Chapman never did any thing, but being asked by some of them to fasten the cart to the horse, and that that was all that he did? - A. I never said any such thing.
Q. Never? - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. But you must know whether you did or not; did you never say that that was all the share he took in the transaction? - A. I never did.
Q. Do you know any body at Palmer's-green? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you ever borrow a horse of any body there? - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. That is a very odd kind of answer; you must know; did you ever sell a horse? - A. Yes; I have sold one.
Q. Did you never sell a horse that you had borrowed of a neighbour? - A. No.
Q. You never gave information of these coals to any body but Mr. Wright? - A. No.
SMITHSON DAWSON sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a land-surveyor: The last witness was with me, on the 9th of August, measuring the Marsh; I saw some persons in a barge, but I cannot swear to any of them; there were two carts, and five persons engaged in loading them out of the barge; they shot them into the carts loose, when one cart was full the other was fetched; two of them went away with the first cart, and then two of the other five went for the other cart, and loaded that from the said barge; there was the name of Ellis on the barge.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You were at work on the same spot with Osborn? - A. Yes; at the same distance.
Mr. Knapp. (To Mr. Ellis.) Q. How many barges have you? - A. Two.
Q. Was there more than one barge upon the river that day? - A. I believe the other was in the Thames, but I am not sure, I think it was, loaded with timber, going to Blackwall; I am sure she was not loaded with coals.
Q. Had Page authority from you, or your mother, to sell coals for you? - A. Never; nor or did I ever sell a coal in my life to any body at Edmonton, or between London and Heriford.
Mr. Peat. Q. Page might have given directions to persons to unload a quantity of coals from that barge? - A. I cannot say.
Q. Is it not possible? - A. Yes.
Court. He was in the barge himself, loading these coals; that is more than giving directions.


                  GEORGE 
                  CARPENTER
               



             sworn. - I live in the parish of Chinkford, in the county of Essex
Q. Do you know Page, a servant to Mr. Ellis? - A. I have seen the man; I saw him on the 9th of August, in Edmonton parish; there was another man with him, at a distance, that man in blue is the man, Chapman, he might be ten or twenty yards from him; Page asked me to lend him a cart.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Was Chapman near enough to hear what he said? - A. I do not think he was,
Jury. (To Dawson.) Q. Was this a usual landing-place for goods? - A. I do not know that I ever saw any landed there before; the barge had been lying there for two hours before this transaction.


                  JOHN 
                  PRICE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Do you know the prisoner, Mann? - A. Yes; I am a wheelwright, within a few doors of him, in Upper Edmonton; he came to me on the 9th of August, about five o'clock in the afternoon; he came and asked me if I wanted to buy a small quantity of coals; he said he had got a few that he had bought, that he wanted to part with; I did not answer him the first time; and as he was going out at the door, he says, will you have them or not; I said, Will, you know it is Saturday, and I run short of money; he made answer, if you cannot pay me to-day you can to-morrow; he then said, if you like to have them, say so; he owed me a little bill; I said, if he would give me half money and half coals I would have them; he then went to his own yard, where the coals were; he was to bring me six sacks, but I did not see them measured; he brought them in the cart, and my smith helped to unload the cart; to the best of my knowledge they were in sacks; I paid him a guinea and a seven-shilling-piece.
Q. Did you outset the debt? - A. No.
Mr. Knapp. Q. What is Mann? - A. He keeps a horse and cart to carry any thing on the road.
Q.(To Mr. Ellis.) Did you examine your barge when it came home? - A. I could hardly miss a chaldron of coals out of a barge of coals.
Q. Is your steersman's name upon your barge? - A. Yes; 
               
                  James 
                  Page
               



            .
Q. What is the steersman name of your other barge? - A. John Constable.
Corbyn's defence. 
               
                  James 
                  Page
               



             employed me to put so many coals into this man's cart.
Mr. Knapp. (To Mr. Ellis.) Q. Did you not promise Corbyn that he should be a witness for the Crown if he told who the other persons were? - A. I did.
The other two prisoners did not say any thing in their defence.
The prisoner, Mann, called three, and Chapman six witnesses, who gave them a good character.
Mann, GUILTY. (Aged 40.)
Corbyn, GUILTY. (Aged 40.)
Chapman, GUILTY. (Aged 41.)
Of 


               Stealing goods, value 28s.
            







               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LE BLANC.
