





681. 
               
                  MATTHEW 
                  CHAMBERS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2nd of October
, five pound weight of bees' wax, value 15 s. three pound weight of camphire, value 1 l. 1 s. three bottles, value 6 d. three quarts of castor oil, value 14 s. twelve ounces weight of cassia, value 9 d. six pounds weight of quick silver, value 1 l. 4 s. and a bag, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hallet
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hardie
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Henry 
                  May
               



            .
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . On Sunday morning the 2nd of October at six o'clock I was in the Minories, accompanied with Forrester and another; I saw the prisoner on the opposite side of the Minories, he was going down, I was coming up, he had got a bag with him, it appeared full; this is the bag, the three bottles were in it; he had the bag across his shoulder, walking on; I crossed over the way, and before I got up to him he stopped himself almost; I asked him what he had, he said he had got some castor oil, he was going home, and he had bought it of a man a month ago; I asked him if he knew the man, he said he did not; I asked him where he brought it from, he could give no answer to that; I took him to the watchhouse and found the contents of it; the bag contained three bottles of castor oil, four cakes of bees' wax, three pieces of camphire, one paper of valerian; one bottle of quicksilver I saw my partner find in his pocket at the watchhouse; about six pounds he dropped out where he worked. We sent to Mr. Hardle.
Q. He was going down the Minories when you saw him, he told you he was going home - where did he live - A. At No. 22, St. Thomas Apostle; he was going from home. The property has been in my care ever since.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . Q. Were you with Thompson at the time he has stated - A. I was at the head of him; I afterwards learned where his lodgings were.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALLET
               



            . Q. What are the names of your partners - 
               A. John Hardie
            , 
               
                  Henry 
                  May
               



             - my name is 
               
                  William 
                  Hallet
               



            .
Q. How long has the prisoner been in your employ - A. About ten months as porter
, and chiefly working in the laboratory; we are wholesale druggists


, Queen street, Cheapside


; I suppose we have sometimes from ten to fifteen hundred weight of camphire, more or less in the house at different times; it is impossible for us to have missed it.
Q. Had you such articles resembling every one of these in your shop - A. We had the whole of them.
Q. In the first place, is there any thing particular in that valerian - A. Nothing further than it appears mouldy from dampness, not a good article; we had valerian exactly like that; these three bottles of castor oil I have no doubt but they are ours, and the bag we have some like it; the castor oil has been decanted.
Q. After it is decanted you cement the cork - A. We do, with wax, rosin, and oil.
Q. Have you got some of the remainder of these bottles here - A. I have.
Q. Have you compared the cement of the one with the other, does it correspond - A. I have not the least doubt but they are part of the same quantity.
Q. You went to the Compter to see the prisoner - A. I did.
Q. Did you make him any promise at all - A. He would not say any thing in the presence of the officer; he desired the officer to walk out; he went of one side. He then said he hoped I would not be severe, or something to that effect, and that it was the first time; he observed there were no marks on them; I told him if he would attone for his crime by a confession of his accomplice, I would be lenient; he replied he would.
COURT. Then we must not hear what he said after that.
- LEE. I am an apprentice to the prosecutors.
Q. Do you know where the prisoner lodged - A. No. 22, Little St. Thomas Apostle.
Q. Did you go with the officer to search his lodgings - A. Yes; one of his boxes smelled strongly of camphire.
Prisoner's Defence. I never had any thought of doing any thing of the kind, nor did I ever do any thing of the kind.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
