





13. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JAMES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of March
, a silver watch, value 2 l. a pair of plated buckles, value 6 d. and a pair of shoes value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Gunnel
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Hart
                     



.


                  EDWARD 
                  GUNNEL
               



             sworn. Q. Where did you lodge on the 17th of March last? - A. In James-street near Old-street


; on the first night I lodged there, I lost my property.
Q. You slept by yourself? - A. The prisoner might come to bed, but I did not know it, I only paid for half a bed.

Q. When you went to bed had you your watch? - A. Yes, it was a silver watch with one seal and a ribbon; I went to bed between 9 and 10 o'clock.
Q. When you went to bed, where did you put your watch? - A. I pulled my stockings off, and laid them on the table, and put my watch on them; I awoke about 6 o'clock in the morning, I found nobody in bed with me.
Q. Was there any mark of any body having been in bed with you? - A. No.
Q. Did you see your watch? - A. No, I never saw it after I pulled it out of my pocket.
Q. Your watch did not lay upon your stockings? - A. No, it was gone, and my stockings and my shoes and buckles.
Q. What do you think might be the value of your watch? - A. Three guineas, I gave for it when I bought it of one of my brother's who enlisted in the Scotch Greys, I bought it three months before I came to town.
Q. What were your stockings worth? - A. Two shillings and six-pence.
Q. What do you thing your shoes and buckles might be worth? - A. About 9 s. I never found my stockings nor shoes again.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HART
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 19 James's-street, Old-street, in the parish of St. Luke's; my husband's name is 
               
                  William 
                  Hart
               



            , he is a brewer's servant.
Q. You remember that poor young man coming to lodge in your house? - A. Yes, he came on the 16th of March, and slept there on that night; he was to have half a bed, he was to have 
               
                  William 
                  James
               



             to sleep with him.
Q. Look at 
               
                  William 
                  James
               



             the prisoner at the bar; had he ever slept at your house? - A. Yes, he had lodged three weeks with me before.
Q. Do you know in point of fact whether he ever slept with Gunnell? - A. We came home after twelve o'clock at night; he told me he could not pay his lodging that night, he would pay me the next week; I gave him a light, and he went up stairs into his bed room.
Q. Did you see him go into his bed room? - A. I slept in the room under him; I heard him go into the bed room; I locked the door and fastened it with two bolts, and went up to bed; my husband was in bed before he came home.
Q. In the morning who was the first up in the house? - 
               A. William Gunnel
             came down about six o'clock to our room door, and asked if any body had slept with him; I told my husband James had come home; we got up, and we all came down stairs and found the door only on the spring lock, it was not bolted; I am sure that I had bolted it on the over night; I had only put the spring lock too, I had not put the key in.
Q. James did not pay you of course; how many nights did he owe you for his lodging? - A. One week. I did not hear of him till the 8th of November, and on the 9th of November I saw him at the Worship-street office; he was then in custody. I produce a pair of old shoes and a waistcoat which were left in the room; Gunnell wore the shoes to his brother's house in the morning he missed his shoes, which is a few doors off, and then he returned them to me; I have had them ever since Gunnel found them in his room..
Q. (To Gunnel.) When you got up in the morning did you find any shoes in the room? - A. I found this pair of shoes, they had some pieces which had been torn off the red waistcoat in them for socks; I put them on to go to my brother's, having lost my own shoes; when I returned I gave them to Mrs. Hart, I found them at the foot of the bed that morning.
Q. (To Hart.) Can you say who them shoes belonged to? - A. They belonged either to Gunnel or the prisoner. There was no other person in the room; they are not my husband's shoes I am sure. The socks that are in the shoes are pieces that were torn off this red waistcoat, which 
               James
             the prisoner wore when he first lodged with me; I found the waistcoat in James's room.
Prisoner's Defence. I am very innocent of all this laid against me; I know nothing of the affair.




               GUILTY - of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
