





293. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     FARREL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of January
, two pair of stockings, value 3s. a towel, value 6d. a child's gown, value 3s. two handkerchiefs, value 2s. a gown, value 6s. a petticoat, value 2s. an apron, value 3s. a bonnet, value 1s. and a neckhandkerchief, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Keebel
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  KEEBEL
               



             sworn. - My husband, James Keebel, is in the army
; I live at No. 11, Steward's-rents, Wild-street


; I am left with four children; I was at work at a gentleman's house, and left the prisoner in care of my children in my lodgings; she was with me three months; I was coming from my place home to my children on the 9th of January; and on the morning she expected me home, she broke open my trunk, and made away with my things; I had the key in my pocket; I used to come home once a week to see my children; she took every thing I had, and went away; I found a very few of them at a pawnbroker's.


                  JOHN 
                  ENGLAND
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker; I live at Mr. Lane's, No. 135, Druary-lane; the prisoner came on the 30th of November, and pledged a handkerchief for half a crown; on the 1st of December she pledged a napkin for 1s. on the 26th of December a handkerchief for 1s. and a pair of stockings for 1s. on the 6th of January, which I took in of another young woman in the shop. - (The things produced.)


                  JOHN 
                  MERRY WEATHER
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker; I live with 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Winfield
               



            , Drury-lane; I have a pair of stockings pledged by the prisoner, the 6th of January, for 6d. a towel, the 3dof January, for 6d. and a child's gown, the 10th of January, for 6d. - (Produced.)
Mrs. Keebel. They are all my property.
Prisoner's defence. I was in care of these children; she went to work, and came home in the evening, and went out to pick up gentlemen, and was away sometimes four days, and left me without a shilling.
Prosecutor. I was servant at Counsellor Butler's, Great Ormond-street; every thing she had on when she was before the Magistrate was mine.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
