





607. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  QUELCH
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2d of October
, nine pieces of iron, value 6 d. four pieces of steel, value 1 s. two chaise cushions, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Holditch
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Holditch
                  



               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  HOLDITCH
               



             sworn. Q. You are a coach-maker

 in Long Acre


. - A. Yes.
Q. What is your partner's name. - A. Edward. Hill gave me some information, I saw the property taken from the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  HILL
               



             sworn. I am a coach-smith, I work for Mr. Holditch on the 2d of October I went up in the loft of the shop; I saw the prisoner come into the shop, he took out some pieces of iron; and put them in his pocket, he left the workshop, and while I was coming out of the loft, I lost sight of him for a while; I walked up the yard into Long-Acre, to see if he had gone out; I could not see him, I went down to the corner of Charles-street. There is a side gate to the shop, I went to see if he had gone out that way, I then had a view of both my master's gate at the end of the street where I stood; I stopped there a short time, I could not see him, I went back again, and as I was going down my master's yard, I saw him again in Long Acre, turning down Charles-street, I tapped him on the shoulder, and said, come back to Mr. 
               Holditch, I I
             have been missing iron a long while, and I was watching to see who did it. I told him I saw him take it, he begged me not to bring him back to Mr. Holditch to prosecute him, I told him he should come back, that Mr. Holditch might see who took the things out of the place. I brought him back to Mr. Holditch, I told Mr. Holditch that I detected him taking the iron out of the shop, I said here it is at his breast; I took out these two pieces from his breast.
Q. What are they. - A. They are spring steel; some we sell for old steel and some me work up; some that runs long and good we can work it into new steel; the four pieces of steel are worth one shilling. Mr. Holditch went and got an officer, the officer searched him and took the other iron from his person in my presence. I saw him take up two of the pieces of iron, and one of the pieces that was taken from him I was working of the night before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. I am an officer. I was sent for to take this man in custody; I found these nine pieces of iron in his right hand coat pocket; in his left hand coat pocket I found these pieces of iron; in his left hand breeches pocket I found these two pieces of steel; in his lodgings I found these two cushions.


                  CHARLES 
                  JOYCE
               



             sworn. The cushions that were brought from his house were made by me, they are Mr. Holditch's property; they are new.
Prisoner's Defence. I took the cushions home to make a temporary bed. I did not take them with the intention of keeping them, I worked for Mr. Holditch.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
