





146. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               making an assault upon 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Morgan
                        




                     
                  , on the 3rd of January
 in the King's highway, putting him in fear and feloniously taking from his person and against his will, a purse, value 4 d. a half guinea, a seven shilling piece, and thirty shillings
            , the property of the said 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Morgan
               



            .


                  THOMAS 
                  MORGAN
               



            . On the 3rd of January, about ten minutes before nine in the evening, I was in Long Acre


 enquiring the way to King-street, Soho; the prisoner said if you will come along with me, I will take you the way; she put her arm into mine, and in less than three or four minutes she put her hand into my breeches pocket; missed my purse and my money.
Q. She took out your purse and your money - A.Yes.
Q. How much money was in your purse. - A. A half guinea, a seven shilling piece and thirty shillings in silver.
Q. When she had done this, what did she do. - A. She took some money out of the purse, and I took as much as I could from her, and I halloaed out for assistance; I got my purse back again, a half guinea and nineten shillings in silver; she put the rest in her bosom. With assistance I took her to the watchhouse.
Q. Were you sober at this time. - A. I was.


                  GEORGE 
                  DONALDSON
               



            . I am constable of St. Martin's.
Q. Do you remember this woman being brought to the watchhouse. - A. Yes, about nine o'clock on the 3rd of January, by Morgan and a number of people besides. I searched her; in her right hand pocket I found three shillings and sixpence, and I found a shilling in her left hand pocket; I then unloosed her clothes and shook her petticoats, and down dropped this five shillings; the watchhouse keeper picked them up and gave them to me. I produce the money.
Prisoner's Defence. Last Monday night, I was standing in Long Acre with a young woman, about half after eight this young man came up to us, and asked me where was Long Acre; I told him he was in Long Acre; he asked me if I lived far from there; I told him I did not; then he asked me if I had a room of own, I told him I had not; he said he would give me a shilling for his pleasure, which he did; after that he very much ill used me, and coming into the street, he took me to the watchhouse; this money I had saved up ever since Christmas last to buy me a gown; he has sworn so false, I must leave it to the jury.
COURT. There is no pretence for making it a highway robbery, if you believe his story she picked his pocket; she took the opportunity as they were walking towards the place to take his purse out of his pocket; there is no doubt but what she stole it, if you believe the prosecutors story; but you will acquit her of the highway robbery. He says he was sober when it happened.
GUILTY, aged 30.
Of 


               stealing, but not violently from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Lawrence.
