





768. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 31st of August
, a coat, value 1 l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Hazel
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  HAZEL
               



            . I am a carrier
, 
               
                  James 
                  Woodey
               



             drives the Compton waggon for me. I am answerable for the property in the waggon. On the 31st of August the prisoner overtook the waggon between Kensington and Hammersmith, he asked me whether mine was the Reading waggon, or not, I told him I was going fifteen miles lower than that, if he had any thing to send up, I could send it up forhim, he said he had two pointer dogs to go ten miles below Reading; they were at Slough, the dogs were to go to Streakly, I left him with my man.
Q. Are you quite sure, that he is the man - A. Yes.
Q. Whose great coat was it - A. My own, I have since seen it; he took stockings, and there were as many things stolen as came to eighteen shillings and ninepence besides the coat.


                  JAMES 
                  WOODEY
               



            . I am the waggoner, my master left me in Hammersmith, the prisoner got into the waggon, just at the other end of Hammersmith, he asked me whether I would get up and ride, and then he would take a turn, he rode till he got to Brentford, and then he got out, he walked by the side of me as far as Hounslow


; he said he had got a sister, he would go and see her for about half an hour, and then he would come back to me, he never came back at all, in about ten minutes I discovered I had lost the property, I found a bale of silk stockings cut open, there was no one in the waggon besides the prisoner from the time I loaded it till I took the horses out. The prisoner is the same man, he was taken up about a week afterwards.


                  JOHN 
                  TUCKWOOD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, York Street, Westminster; on the 2nd of September, I took the coat in pledge of the prisoner.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  LAMBETH
               



            . Q. Where did you find the prisoner - A. The conductor of the horse patrole gave me charge of him, I searched him and found six duplicates, one of these led to the coat, he was taken up for being in another waggon, and conducting himself improperly.
Prisoner's Defence. I came by the coat honourable, I bought the coat at the half way house between Hyde Park and Kensington, of a man in the house.



               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
