





242. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     NETTLEFORD, alias 
BRADFORD





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 23d of February
, four window-curtains, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elias 
                           Fletcher
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  SARAH 
                  GARRETT
               



             sworn. - Q. How old are you? - A. Fifteen; I am servant to 
               
                  Elias 
                  Fletcher
               



            : On Thursday, the 23d of February, I saw the prisoner on the kitchen-stairs, she was a stranger; I asked her what she did there, she said she was going to the privy; I called my mistress; she went down, and when she came up again, I saw the strings of the curtains hanging down her petticoat.


                  SARAH 
                  FLETCHER
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Elias 
                  Fletcher
               



            , I was called by the last witness; I saw the prisoner, I met her in the passage, I had a set of curtains in the kitchen which had been washed the day before; I made her go down with me to see if the curtains were right; when I went down I missed them, I caught hold of the bundle which she had dropped, I did not see her drop it; when I got her into the kitchen I saw one of the curtains drop from her; I had seen them that very morning.
(
               
                  John 
                  Armstrong
               



             produced the curtains, which were identified by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing of the curtains.
GUILTY, aged 33,




               Of stealing goods, value 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
