





631. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WISE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 29th of October
, a coat, value 7 s. a waistcoat, value 4 s. a pair of breeches, value 12 s. a hat, value 10 s. a shirt, value 4 s. a pair of stockings, value 2 s. a pair of shoes, value 1 s. a handkerchief, value 1 s. and seventeen shillings, the property of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Street
                     



                  ; a pair of breeches, value 7 s. two handkerchiefs, value 7 s. three shirts, value 8 s . the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Goodey
                        



                     
                  ; two shirts, value 5 s. two pair of stockings, value 5 s. and two handkerchiefs, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Picknell
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  STREET
               



             sworn . I live at Great Ealing


 , I am servant to Mr. Patten. On Tuesday last, when I went to bed , I looked in my box, my things were safe, and on Wednesday my box was stripped; I lost waistcoat, stockings, and about seventeen shillings in my breeches pocket; all my things were in my box on the Wednesday ; this man was a shepherd
; on Wednesday his dog was in our yard, and on Thursday his dog was gone, the barn being broken open we suspected him; I knew the dog; on Thursday afternoon I took the prisoner at Hounslow with this bundle on his shoulder.
Q. Does that contain all your things. - A. Yes.
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me the things to carry to his friends .



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
