





571. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GLOVER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 22d of October
, five pounds weight of brass, value 5 s. and two pound weight of copper, value 2 s. 4 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Tomson 
                  Warner
               



            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Warner
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Warner
                  



               
            .


                  ROGER 
                  DEVEY
               



             sworn. I am a brass founder, I live at No. 8, Shoe-lane. This day week, the prisoner at the bar came into my shop between one and two o'clock in the day, he had two parcels of metal tied up in a handkerchief; he emptied one in the scale, I asked him who the metal belonged to, he said his father, he kept an old rag shop at the further end of Shoe-lane; I knew there was no such shop there; I asked him to tell the truth, for I knew the metal must be stolen; he then said that she lived in Shoe-lane but her shop was in Holborn; he said he could not tell me but he could shew me the house; I told him he must tell me, because I was very certain it came from some founder's shop. I went with him along Shoe-lane, till he came to Robin Hood court, he went up the steps into Dean-street; and then made a push to run away, I then seized hold of him and brought him back and repeatedly requested him to tell me whose metal it was, and I would send for his master to take him away, and the metal together. I sent for a constable, he searched him, and then he said he worked for Mr. Warner; he then said after his master came, that he took one part on the night before, and the other part on Saturday night.


                  ELISHA 
                  WESTWOOD
               



             sworn. I am a caster for Messrs. Warner's, they are founders, they live at No. 8, Jewin-street, Crescent, Cripplegate.
Q. Who does the metal belong to. - A. I can swear to these three pieces, they are Mr. Warner's property; I believe firmly that the whole of it is Mr. Warner's property.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, called two witnesses, who gave him a character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
