





421. 
               
                  
                     SUSAN 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of April
, a deal box, value 2s. a silk handkerchief, value 3s. a muslin handkerchief, value 1s. a cap, value 1s. a child's hat, value 6d. a flannel petticoat, value 6d. an apron, value 6d. and a bed-gown, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Hamilton
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  MARY 
                  HAMILTON
               



             sworn. - I am a widow; I live in Buckeridge-street, St. Giles's


: On the 3d of April I lost a deal box, containing the articles mentioned in the indictment; the prisoner lodged with me five weeks; on Good-Friday I got up at five o'clock in the morning, and found the door open, and the prisoner gone; the watchman stopped the prisoner with the box; I saw her and the box at the watch-house.


                  ARTHUR 
                  O'LEARY
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman: I stopped the prisoner with a box, about five minutes past three o'clock in the morning, in Church-street, St. Giles's, she was standing at a door; I asked her what she had got behind her; she said it was a box belonging to her brother; she told me she had brought it from Buckeridge-street, and she did not know rightly what house it was; I took her to the watch-house; she went very quietly to the watch-house, and carried the box upon her head; I have had the box ever since. (Produces the box, which was deposed to by the prosecutrix).
Prisoner's defence. She pawned my gown, and I afterwards saw it upon her daughter's back; and I afterwards called to see her, and she gave me the box.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
