





571. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BISHOP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of August
, two silk handkerchiefs, value 2 s. two pocket-books, value 1 s. five pair of stockings, value 5 s. eleven handkerchiefs, value 5 s. 6 d. two bonnets, value 2 s. two pair of pockets, value 2 s. two caps, value 1 s. a night-cap, value 2 d. two bed-gowns, value 2 s. two gowns, value 40 s. a child's frock, value 4 s. two cloaks, value 15 s. one spencer, value 1 s. a pair of gloves, value 1 s. a pair of breeches, value 2 s. one pair of trowsers, value 1 s. one waistcoat, value 1 s. and two Tunbridge-ware boxes, value 4 d.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Broxup
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROXUP
               



             sworn. - I am a tailor
; I live at No. 13, Exeter-place, Knightsbridge.
Q. Were you returning with the waggon towards town? - A. Yes; on the 5th of August last, I and my wife were in the waggon with a box of wearing apparel; about nine or ten o'clock at night, the prisoner at the bar came into the waggon at Maidenhead in Berkshire


; he came in and out twice on the road to London; he took all the things out of the box when he was in the waggon; we missed the contents of the box when we got to Knightsbridge; the prisoner sat at the other end of the waggon to where we were.
Q. Do you know where the property was found? - A. It was found in Clerkenwell; I heard of it by advertisement.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TROTT
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of the Public Office, Hatton-garden; I know the prisoner very well, he lived in Steward's-court, Clerkenwell-green.
Q. Did you search his lodgings? A. Yes; on the 15th of August, I and Stanton, between ten and eleven at night, found the things that are in the indictment, and now produced; we entered the room, the prisoner was in bed, pretending that he was ill, his wife told me that he was so deaf that he could not hear, and she hoped that we were not come to fetch him or her away; I answered, I did not know that; what have you got under this blanket on the table; I pulled the blanket off the table, and there I saw a quantity of linen of different descriptions; I tied it up, and begged Stanton to get the man out of bed; he pretended he was so ill he could not get out of bed; we forced him out, and when we pulled the clothes off the bed, we saw he had some of his clothes on; Stanton pulled him up and saw another bundle and two pocket-books; we took them both into custody.
Prisoner. I have lost my hearing and part of my sight.
Q.(To Trott.) Has he lost his hearing? - A. There is always something the matter with him when he is taken up; I believe he can hear as well as I can.
- STANTON sworn. - I produce a duplicate of a gown, I found it in Bishop's apartment, in a drawer in the table.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTSON
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker's servant; I produce a gown pledged by the wife of the prisoner, on the 15th of 
               August. 
            (The property identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner. I know myself guilty.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
