





638. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     LEONARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of September
, a book, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Angier
               




            .(The case was opened by Mr. Hart.)


                  JAMES 
                  ANGIER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Hart. I am a manufacturer
 at Norwich: On Monday the 7th of this month, about twelve o'clock in the day, as I was walking through Cheapside


, I felt something drawn out of my pocket, I turned about and saw a boy running, I called out instantly, stop thief, and some persons pursued him; he was brought back, and the pocket-book delivered to the constable; then I went to the Mansion-house.
Q. Of what value is this pocket-book? - A. I cannot say.
Court. Q. Is it worth any thing - is it worth a penny or two pence? - A. It is worth sixpence.


                  THOMAS 
                  EVANS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Hart. I am a porter; I was coming down the Old-Jewry, about half-past eleven o'clock, and heard a cry of stop thief; I turned round and saw some people run; the prisoner ran by me; I followed him, and took him in Church-passage, by a spout, and the pocket-book was undermeath him as he stood against the spout; I did not see him drop any thing; I then took him to the Poultry-Compter.
Jury. Q.Were there any more boys in this passage, or near him? - A. No.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HORTON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Hart. On the 7th of the present month, I was going down the Poultry, and the prosecutor cried out, stop thief; I was then within twenty yards of him, or thereabouts; I saw the prisoner at the bar run from him very swiftly; I pursued him, and he ran down the Old-Jewry, through Frederick's-place, into Church-passage; he could not get any further without being stopped; he then stopped against a spout, put his hand behind him, and pulled out the pocket-book; I saw him do it; there was a holdfast against the spout, and he put the pocketbook behind him, and it rested upon the holdfast till he was removed from the spot, at which time it dropped down; he was then taken to the Poultry-Compter, and from thence to the Mansion-house; at the time the pocket-book was taken up, he said, he knew nothing of it.


                  EDWARD 
                  ALDERMAN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Hart. I am a constable; the prisoner was brought to the Poultry-Compter, and the book delivered to me, that is all I know of it; I have had the pocket-book ever since. (Produces it; the book was deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I heard this gentleman call stop thief, and going through Church-passage, I saw the book lying by a spout; I ran to pick it up, when the porter laid hold of me, and said, I had taken the gentleman's pocket-book.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
