






244. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DUKES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     FOGGETT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 1st of February
 fifty seven pound weight of king wood, value 2 l. 16 s. twelve pound and a half weight of tulip wood, value 7 s. 6 d. and three pound weight of ebony wood, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Oakley
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Oakley
                  



               
            .

The indictment was read by Mr. Walford, and the case was stated by Mr. Bolland.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOW
               



            . Q. What are you. - A. I am a chair maker, I live at No. 2, Bowling Green lane.
Q. Do you know the prisoner Dukes. - A. Yes, he came to my house with some goods of Mr. Oakley's; I assisted in taking the wood out of the caravan; when I had got the quantity out, Dukes asked me whether I used any rose wood; I said no; he then got up in the caravan and shewed me a piece of tulip wood; I took it for granted he did not know what kind of wood he was selling of, it appeared so to me; I said the only hard wood I used was ebony; he said he dare say he could serve me with some ebony in a short time; I said very well; in consequence of which I informed Mr. Atkinson, who is Mr. Oakley's foreman.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  BURKE
               



            . - Mr. Bolland I believe you are a cabinet maker in Mercer's street, Long acre. A. Yes.
Q. Do you know the prisoner Dukes. - A. The prisoner Dukes came to me about a fortnight ago, he asked me if I wanted any rose wood; I told him no, not at present; he asked me if I knew any cabinet maker in the neighbourhood; I told him yes, Mr. Lawson in Maiden lane; he immediately said I will fetch it and let you see it; he brought it up to the door in Mr. Oakley's cart, he told me it was round the corner in Long acre; he said there were two men with him in the public house drinking he fetched it in the cart; I got up to the top of the cart and looked into the cart to see what wood there was, I saw two large pieces, which the prisoner called rose wood, which turned out to be king wood, and four pieces of tulip wood; I asked him what he wanted for the wood; he told me two guineas for the whole; I said, I did not want any thing of the kind; then he offered me the whole of it for one guinea and a half; I told him no, and declined having any thing to do with it.
Q. Should you know the wood again. - A. I could not swear to it by any particular mark; I think I should know the wood again.


                  CHARLES 
                  LAWSON
               



            . - Mr. Walford. Where do you live. - A. I live in Maiden lane, Covent-garden; I am a cabinet maker.
Q. Do you remember any time in this month some wood being left at your house. - A. Yes, on the 10th of this month; two pieces of king wood, and three pieces of tulip wood.
Q. Did you examine them pieces of wood. - A. Dukes called on me the day after it was left, or the second day after, he asked me whether I meaned to purchase the wood that was standing there; I had never moved it from where he left it; he said he frequently dealt in such sort of wood as that; he said Mr. Gouge ordered him to get it, but it was not convenient for him to have it; he asked me nwepence a pound for the king wood, he put no price on the other; I informed him I would not have it if he would give it me, I did not want the king wood; I asked him for his address, if he had a stock of wood I would look at it; he gave me a reference to Mr. Gouge; he came on the Saturday after and took the wood away, as my wife informed me.


                  JOHN 
                  BAKER
               



            . - Mr. Bolland, What are you. - A. I am a sawyer, I live in Swallow street.
Q. Do you know the prisoner Foggett. - A. Yes, he is a sawyer
; I know Dukes he lived with Mr. Oakley.
Q. Do you remember any application made to you by the prisoner Dukes. - A. I do, Foggett and me were together; he said, I am going out with the caravan, and if so be you have any thing that I can put in, I can get a customer for it. Foggett took two pieces of king wood to the cart, and three pieces of tulip wood; he delivered it to Dukes.
Q. What became of the caravan after that. - A. Foggett and I went away; he said he would overtake us in Piccadilly.
Q. Where did you see Dukes again. - A. In Picadilly; we kept strait on till we came to Long acre, we went into a public house and had a pot of porter; Dukes went out, he said he would go to the man, where he was going to; he went and came back again, and said the man did not want any, he said that man had recommended him to another man in Maiden lane, just the other side of Covent garden; he went there; we went with him both of us.
Q. To whose house did he go there. - A. I cannot tell, we stopped at the end of Maiden lane; when he came back he said the man was not at home, but he would be at home in about half an hour, or an hours time; he had the wood in the caravan all the time.
Q. Did you wait till the man returned. - A. We went just by the end of Drury lane, and there we had a pot of porter; he went away and said he would take Mr. Oakley's wood where he was going to; then Foggett and I left him, we did not see him till the evening; he said then that he saw the man, the man did not want it, he might leave it there till such time as he called for it.
Court. Did the prisoner Foggett ever say any thing to you about this wood. - A. I know no more about it; Foggett did not know where the house was, not to my knowledge; Dukes talked of fetching it away, but he did not know where to take it to.
Q. Did he tell you where he took it to. - A. Last Saturday night Dukes told me then that he and Foggett went after it; I stopped at a public house, they said they had left the wood at Foggett's house. On Sunday morning I saw the wood at Foggett's house.
Q. Was the wood that you saw at Foggett's house the same that he put in the caravan. - A. It was the wood; that is the truth and nothing but the truth.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. You never saw the wood in the caravan. - A. No, but I knew it was out of the caravan.
Q. Whatever was in the caravan you knew was not out. - A. No.
Q. Now my good fellow, when did you tell the prosecutor this story that you have been telling my lord to day. - A. After I was taken up; after he chastized me in that sort of way I told him.
Q. Not one word before. - A. No, I did not.
Mr. Alley. I understood you to say that you and Foggett stole the wood; Dukes was not nigh when you stole the wood. - A. Yes, he was in the cart and received it.
JAMES KENNEDY. - Mr. Walford. Did you apprehend the prisoners. - A. I apprehended Foggett in Mr. Oakley's warehouse; he told me where his lodgings was. I found the timber that I gave got here in his lodging; he had only a back garret. I asked him where he got the two large pieces of king wood,he said he bought it at the river side; I told him it would be very proper to bring the person where he bought it; he said he did not know where to find him.
Q. to Gow. Is that the wood they shewed you at your house. - A. It has all the appearance of it; it is just the same size and shape.
Mr. Lawson. I can tell the marks of it without looking at it. I looked it over when he offered it for sale; they are the pieces of wood he offered to me.
Baker. That is the king wood that Fogget put in Duke's, cart.


                  THOMAS 
                  ATKINSON
               



            . Q. Look at that wood. - A. I have seen the wood before; I believe it is George and 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Oakley
               



            's property.
Dukes left his defence to his counsel; called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Fogget left his defence to his counsel; called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
DUKES, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 34.
FOGGET, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 36.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Heath.
