





571. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SPORTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of June
, a pocket-book, value 6d. a Bank-note, value 5l. two other Bank-notes, value 2l. each, and six other Bank-notes, value 1l.
             each, the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Poland
                  




               
            .


                  PETER 
                  POLAND
               



             sworn. - I am a furrier
, in the Strand: On Wednesday, the 30th of June, between five and six o'clock in the afternoon, going out of Oxford-street, down Tottenham-court-road


, I felt my pocketbook snatched out of my pocket; I immediately put my hand down, and caught the prisoner's hand coming from my pocket; I turned round, and the prisoner stood close behind me, with one of his companions, rather behind him, on his right side, and another next to me; I said to the prisoner, you villain, where is my book which you have taken; he said, he had not got it, and clapped his hand to his pocket; then he ran one way, and the other two another way; I ran after him crying, stop thief; two or three men attempted to stop him, but he knocked them down by running; at last he was taken, but no book was found; I am sure it was the prisoner's hand that took it.
JOSEPH MITCHELL sworn. - I am a post-man, and was returning home just as the alarm was given; I attemped to stop him, but could not; he knocked two men and three children down.
Prisoner's defence. He never mentioned any thing about the children before; I had been three days from Rochester, and going up Tottenham-court-road, he accused me; I was stopped, and was searched; I was frightened at the charge, and ran away; but as to knocking any body down, I did not.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
