







447. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BEAMS
               



            , 
               
                  JAMES 
                  SLOROW
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     ROSS
                  




               
            , were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of April

, two printed valvets, value 15s. fourteen yards of print, value 28s. one hundred and fifty-six yards of calico, value 15l. 12s. two diaper clouts, value 2s. fifteen handkerchiefs, value 18s. eight shirts, value 2l. two neckcloths, value 1s. three yards of huckerback, value 3s. three yards of nankeen, value 3s. seven yards of lawn, value 7s. four yards of dimity, value 5s. two yards and a half of lawn, value 2s. seven remnants of lawn, value 7s. eight handkerchiefs, value 10s. two muslin aprons, value 4s. sixteen yards of muslin, value 18s. a muslin shawl, value 2s. ten yards of gingham, value 10s. a muslin gown, value 21s. seven yards of muslin, value 14s. a remnant of diaper, value 1s. a suit of bed-furniture, value 18. twenty-two yards of printed calico, value 1l. 8s. two remnants of sheeting, value 1s. three tablecloths, value 2s. a gown, value 5s. a pair of trowsers, value 1s. a pair of trowers unmade, value 1s. and a napkin, value 1s. the property of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Ovey
                     



                  , in his dwelling-house
            ; and the other two for 


               receiving part of the said goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  OVEY
               



             sworn. - I keep a house in Tavistock-street, Covent-garden



: On Saturday evening, I think, the 16th of April, about half past eight o'clock, I went round to see that all was safe in the shop, and in the inside of the first shop I found the bottom pannel of one of the shutters broke, and in the cavity I saw a remnant of print, which I knew to be out of its proper situation; I took it out, looked at it, and put it in the same place again, intending to observe if it was there on Monday morning. On Sunday, about three o'clock, I was going out, and missed the piece of print from the place; I took no further notice till Monday morning, ten o'clock, when all my young men were collected in the shop, I enquired who had taken it from the place, and no one would own it; I went up into the accompting-house, and they were searching to see if they could find it; I described the pattern to them, and in the course of an hour one of them, of the name of Lattey, brought me a piece of print; he is not here; he found it behind some white calico; I enquired who had put it there, and nobody would own it; it was the same piece that I had missed; I gave it to a young man of the name of Bliss, to take it into the accompting-house; I told them I was intimate with Mr. Bond, and they should all be examined the next morning at nine o'clock. I wrote a memorandum, which I asked them to sign, and they all signed it, the prisoner signed it among the rest; I was up stairs at the time he signed; the paper is not here; the prisoner came up stairs, and Bliss with him, and he acknowledged he had taken this remnant of print from behind the shutter on the Saturday evening, and put it where it was found. I went up stairs with Bliss, and searched the prisoner's box; I found a number of articles, which Bliss will give an account of; then we came down into the shop; after that Bliss brought me up a till from the shop, in which was a pocket-book belonging to Beams, containing entries of various articles, five yards, two yards, and so on; I asked the prisoner what this meant.
Mr. Knapp. Q. I believe you and all your servants had made an agreement? - A. Yes.
Q. You meant by that agreement to get a confession from the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you not give them to understand, that if they would sign the paper, and be the means of discovering it, it would be better for them? - A. I said, they had better confess it. I found a paper in the pocket-book, in consequence of which I got a search-warrant, and went to Mrs. Ross's, in Carnaby-street, Carnaby-market, up three-pair-of-stairs, in company with Jones and Treadway; she lodges in the front room; I found several articles there in a drawer, which she called 
               Tho. Beams
            's drawer; Treadway has got them; I don't know any thing against Slorow.

Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q.Beams was in the habit of selling in your shop? - A. Yes.
Q. All your servants sold in that shop? - A. Yes.
Q.And accounted over to you? - A. Yes.
Q. And had each a separate till? - A. Yes.
Q. It is impossible for you to say how many things you sell in a day? - A.Impossible.
Q.If he wanted any articles for his own wear, he had the opportunity of taking them, and accounting to you? - A. Yes.
Q.Then he had as good an opportunity of selling articles to Mrs. Ross as well as any body else? - A. Yes.
ISAAC BLISS sworn. - I am a shopman to Mr. Ovey: After the piece of print was found that Mr. Ovey had been making enquiry about, he begged of me to find out the person who had taken it, if possible. I took the prisoner up stairs to Mr. Ovey, and he demanded the key of his box; we found some Holland shirts, pocket-handkerchiefs, and neckcloths belonging to Mr. Ovey; he came down stairs into the dining-room again; I went up again, and in a corner of the bed-room I found a hat-box belonging to the prisoner; he himself desired me to bring it down; it contained two painted velvets, some small diaper table-cloths, and some printed calico; I have had them ever since (produces them.) Mr. Ovey asked him for the key of his till, which he gave him, and in the till I found a remnant of lawn, a remnant of nankeen, some Bank-notes, and this pocket-book, containing some entries which led to the discovery of Mrs. Ross; there are a great variety of articles put down with the prices.
Q. Has it the name of Mrs. Ross in it? - A. No.
Q. Did you examine the articles with the book? - A. No, I did not go to Mrs. Ross's.
Cross-examined by Mr. Hart. Q. How many young men are there in Mr. Ovey's shop? - A. Five or six.
Q. You had all distinct tills? - A. Yes.
Q. Have you distinct rooms? - A. No.
Q. Did any body else sleep in the room where this hat-box was found? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you miss any of these articles before they were found? - A. No.
EDWARD TREADWAY sworn. - I am a constable: On Tuesday the 19th of April, I went to the apartments of Mrs. Ross, in Carnaby-street; I told her, I had a search-warrant; I saw some bed-furniture; Mr. Ovey said, it was his property; I asked her if she had any more property belonging to Mr. Ovey; she then opened a drawer, and pulled out his bundle of things, saying, she had bought them of the prisoner, Beams, (produces them); there was a drawer under a bureau bedstead, locked; I desired her to open it; she said, she could not find the key; at last I found the key, and opened it; I found in that drawer these articles(producing a large bundle); she begged I would wait till her husband came home; I was then desired by Mr. Jones to go and fetch the husband; I asked for Mr. Ross, and they did not know him by that name; it turned out to be the prisoner, Slorow; he said, he had been married two years to her. I went back, and searched under the bed, where I found this bundle (producing it.)(The property was produced, and identified by the prosecutor.)
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q.When you came to the house of Mrs. Ross, you found she was a married woman, and her husband not at home? - A. Yes.
Q. She said she bought the things of the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Q. You asked for the keys, and she could not find them, and luckily you found a key that opened them? - A. Yes.
Q. When you found him, he acknowledged he was her husband? - A. Yes.
Q. You brought him in a coach to the house? - A. Yes; when I found these pantaloons, he said he had them of the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               



             sworn. - I am an attorney: On Monday the 18th of April, about nine o'clock at night, I was informed by my clerk that Mr. Ovey wanted to see me; I went to Mr. Ovey's house: Mr. Ovey was in his shop; the prisoner, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Beams
               



            , was above stairs; I immediately went up stairs with Mr. Ovey, where I saw a large quantity of linen goods and silk handkerchiefs in the drawing-room; the prisoner was then present. Having understood the nature of the business from Mr. Ovey below, I put questions to Thomas Beams respecting the silk handkerchiefs.
Q. Mr. Ovey promised him favour if he confessed, was that while you were there? - A. No; there was a quantity of linen-drapery goods; I said to Mr. Ovey, you had better take the prisoner to the watch-house; as we were going to the watch-house, Mr. Ovey asked him if he had any thing further to say; he said he had, if Mr. Ovey would pardon him; I replied, Mr. Ovey shall enter into no promise whatever. The next day a search-warrant was obtained, and I went with Mr. Ovey, and Treadway, the constable, to Broad-street, Carnaby-market.
Q. Do you know any more than Treadway? - A. No, only one circumstance; I sent Treadway for the husband; Mrs. Ross desired I would wait while she put on a bed-gown; by her manner I thought we had not found all the property that was in her apartment. I had no opportunity of communicating my suspicion to Mr. Ovey, but I was determined to watch her. After considerable difficulty she came out of a room on the two-pair of stairs floor, and another woman with her, and locked the door. I went down a few stairs; I didnot hear the foot of Mrs. Ross following me, but I turned round, and discovered her very busy with a bunch of keys, selecting one, and giving directions to the woman, whispering to her; I then made her understand that I had observed her, and desired her to give me the keys; she refused to deliver them, and on my coming up to her, intending to take the keys, she put her hand behind her; I took the keys from her, after a small resistance, and also the keys of the doors, and went down stairs with her, where Treadway was waiting with a coach and Slorow; I told Treadway what had passed; Ross and Treadway were present; I desired him to make a second search, as I believed the whole of the things were not found.
Q.(To Treadway.) Did you discover any thing in consequence of the direction of the last witness? - A. Yes, in the middle of the room under the bed.
Jones Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. All this happened while the woman knew that her husband was sent for? - A. Yes, he was actually arrived in a coach.
Q.Did not this going up stairs and coming down stairs happen after she knew her husband was sent for? - A. Yes.(The prosecutor identified the property, but could not swear to any single article worth more than forty shillings.)
Mr. Knapp. Q.(To Ovey.) Have you any partner? - A.No.
Q. Several persons have the liberty of selling in your shop? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you, when you sell things in the shop, cut the name off? - A. No.
Q. Will you swear these articles might not have been sold in the shop? - A. It is impossible to know that.
Q. How long has this man lived with you? - A.Four years; I always had a good opinion of him to this time; I believe this is his first offence.
Beams. I leave my defence to my Couniel.
Slorow did not say any thing in his defence.
Ross's defence. I bought the bed-furniture, and the aprons I gave one shilling and sixpence a yard for.
For Ross.
Mrs. SANDERSON sworn. - I live in George-street, Hanover-square; I have known Mrs. Ross twenty years; I always found her honest.
Court. Q. What name have you known her by? - A.I don't know her former husband's name; she has been married to two husbands since I knew her; her second husband's name was Ross; she was five pounds in my debt when her first husband died, and had the honestly to wash it out.
ELIZABETH WATKINS sworn. - I live in Broad-street, Carnaby-market; I keep a broker's shop; Mrs. Ross lived next door to me; she is a hard-working industrious woman.
Q.You don't know any thing of the man? - A. No, I never saw him there.
Q. Do you know whether Mrs. Ross is a married or single woman? - A. I cannot say.
Q. Did you call her Mrs. or Miss Ross? - A. Mrs. Ross.


                  JOHN 
                  ROSS
               



             sworn. - I have known Mrs. Ross between thirteen and fourteen years; I have never heard any thing amiss of her character after Ross's death.
Q. Are you a relation? - A. No, I was a friend of Ross's; he desired me to do what I could for the widow; I always believed her honest; he has been dead nine or ten years, I believe.
Q.(To Sanderson.) When did you last see 
               Ross
             the husband? - A. I believe about three years ago; he was then very ill, and the doctor advised him to go to Scotland.
Q. You never knew her go by any other name than Ross within these two years? - A. No.
Q. When did she last call herself Ross to your knowledge? - A.About six weeks ago.
Q. You never knew that she was married to Slorow? - A.She never told me so.
Beams, GUILTY,
Of 


               stealing under 40s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Slorow, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Ross, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 59.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
