





152. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of September
, a Bank-note, value 5l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Feary
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  FEARY
               



             sworn. - I keep the King's-arms, in Little John-street, Westminster




: On the 1st ofSeptember the prisoner came in, and said, how do you do, neighbour, and had a shillingsworth of brandy and water; he used the house for some time regularly, by the name of Smith; and on the 8th, he came in with another man, and asked for a shillingsworth of brandy and water; he talked with me about a Mr. Meyrick, of Westminster-market, whom I knew to be a very respectable man, he told me Mr. Meyrick and he were consulting about bringing their club to my house, he said he liked my liquor and usage much better than where they used; he used always to come in without his hat, and I supposed he belonged to the market; he called Mr. Meyrick's foreman to the door, and they had two pints of ale, he was with him, I suppose, three quarters of an hour; then the prisoner went away, and the other man entered into conversation with me, and said, if you can get Mr. Smith's custom it will be a great thing for your house, he is a very respectable man, and has large connections. In the course of the day the other man came in several times, and said, Mr. Smith, you are wanted; after he had been there some time, the prisoner said, go to my shop, and get some chops; they had some chops dressed, and about two o'clock they went away; the prisoner came in again about four o'clock without his hat, when I was very busy, he called me into the parlour, seemingly in a great hurry, and said, can you lend me three or four pounds for five minutes, my friend Meyrick is gone out, and my mistress is not at home; I said, I am very sorry Mr. Smith I cannot oblige you, I have nothing less than a five pound note; he took the five pound note out of my hand, and said, that will do, I will bring it you back in less than five minutes; I saw no more of him till I saw him at Hatton-garden.
GUILTY, aged 34.
Of 


               stealing the note, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
