






87.
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FISHER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     GRANT
                  




               
            , were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of September

, eight hundred weight of sugar, value 20l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Brown
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        William 
                        Cass
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        George 
                        Whitfield
                     



                  , upon a certain wharf, called Dundee wharf



, adjacent to the navigable River Thames
            , and the other for 


               receiving the same, knowing it to stolen
            .
Second Count. Charging it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Lewis 
                     Griffulke
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John Grant 
                     Griffulke
                  



               
            .
Third Count. Charging it to be the property of 
               
                  Solomon 
                  De Mendez
               



            .
Fourth Count. Charging it to be the property of 
               
                  Abraham 
                  De Mendez
               



            .
Fifth Count. Charging it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Lee
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Banks
                  



               
            .
Sixth Count. Charging it to be the property of 
               
                  John-Henry-powell 
                  Schneider
               



            .
Seventh count. Charging it to be the property of a certain person or persons to the Jurors unknown.
The indictment was stated by Mr. Watson, and the case opened by Mr. Gurney.
ROBERT BROWN sworn. - Examined by Mr. Watson. I am a Carolina merchant



 and wharfinger, at the Dundee wharf, Whapping, situated by the side of the River Thames, in partnership with 
               
                  William 
                  Cass
               



            , and George Whitfield; we had some rice and sugars on the wharf at the time of the robbery.
Q.What description of sugars had you there? - A.Havannah sugars packed in chests.
Q. Was the sugar all of one colour? - A. No; some was white, and some brown; they were both packed in chests of the same description; some people call the brown yellow.
Q. On the morning of the 17th of September, was any thing missed from your wharf? - A Yes; the whole contents of the two chests of the Havannah sugar; there might be some pounds left; in consequence of that, I got a search-warrant, to search a house that I had often heard of as a noted receiving house.
Q. Whose house was that? - A. Grant's he had two houses; I had a search-warrant for each.
Q.Where were these two houses situated? - A. In Little Hermitage-street; the outlet of Dundee-wharf is into wapping High-street; opposite that there is a narrow covered passage, leading into Hermitge-street.
Q. Is that the regular course to Little Hermitage-street? - A. No; we searched both the houses of Grant; Mr. Woodwell, the officer, with two assistants, a Mr. Hatchman, and Mr. Cooper, the King's locker; we searched e very part of the house above and below, and we were, I believe, almost coming away; the shop appeared to have been nearly clean swept, except just behind the door where the broom had escaped; I observed a few grains of sand, as I thought; I put my finger down, and perceived it to he sugar; I think I then said, it is not far off; I then discovered a hogshead of sugar, but that was of a very different sort from from what we had lost; I put my hand into it, and found some paper, we-tore the paper, and found under it, white sugar, it could no be more than a yard, or a yard and a half, from where I saw the sand, as I thought.
Q.What sugar was that? - A.As near as I could discover, the same as that which we had lost.
Q.Was it or not Havannah Sugar? - A. I cannot swear to that, it is what we call Havannah sugar; it is that kind of article that no one can swear to in my opinion; the cask was then bored, and we found another sort of sugar under the white, resembling the other sort of sugar that was lost.
Q.About what quantity was there of it? - A. I did not weigh it, nor was I present when it was weighed.
Q. With respect to that sugar, had there been any dealing for it? - A. Yes, I have paid for it since; one of them was of my own importaion, the other I had in charge for a friend, since which, I have paid for them both, twenty-five pounds and a few pence; my friend's name was Willaim Lee, and his partner, Charles Banks.
Q. Whose sugar was it before you sold it? - A. I had sold mine; it had gone though several hands, and Mr. Lee's had done the same, as I understand, and as I had received the money, I was obliged to pay it back.
Q.How much had you paid for each? - A.Thirteen pounds, thirteen shillings and fourpence for the other; I think those were the sums.
Q. The white was then dearest of course? - A. Yes; he discount and all was taken off.

Q.What is the white worth? - A.About eight-pence halfpenny.
Q. And what the yellow? - A.About six-pence half-penny, or near to seven-pence; if I had sold ten thousand pounds worth, I should not have sold it for a less price; I beg leave to correct myself, I said one of them was my own importation, I rather think it was not, for I had bought some.
Q. Do you mean that the sugar was worth that without the duty? - A. The short price without the duty.
Q.Whereabouts is the duty? - A.About four pence, as near as can be.
Cross-examined by Mr. Garrow. Q. You stated very fairly, that it had the appearance of what you had lost, but you cannot swear to it? - A.No.
Q.And that is an article, that, in your opinion, no man can swear to the identity of? - A. Yes.
Mr. Watson. Q.Though it is impossible for any body to swear to the identity of sugar, two sorts of sugar, white and yellow were found in this hogshead? - A. Yes.
Q. Did they correspond with that which was remaining in the warehouse? - A. Yes, as well as I was able to judge.
SAMUEL WOODLEY sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am in the service of Brown and company, at the Dundee-wharf: on the 16th of September last, I saw two chests of sugar upon the wharf that I saw the next morning plundered.
Q. Had you seen the contents before the 16th? - A. I had.
Q.Had you seen these two chests coopered? - A. I was present when they were coopered.
Q.Does the coopering of chests enable you to see the contents? - A. No, the drawing does.
Q. Did you see them drawn? - A. Yes.
Q. What sugar was it? - A. To the best of my knowledge, Havannah.
Q.Are you conversant with sugars? - A. No.
Q. Do you see a great deal? - A. Yes; I locked the warehouse on the wharf, the evening before, at six o'clock, and so did 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Heath
               



            , the king's locker; the chest was on the wharf, lower down, in order for shipping; the King's lock was on the outside of the wharf.
Court. Q.They were in sheds upon the wharf? - A. Yes.
Q.The sheds were not locked? - A. Yes, they were.
Q. You mean the outside gates were locked? - A. Yes.
Mr. Gurney. Q.When did you go again to the wharf? - A. The next morning, about six o'clock; I missed nearly the contents of the two chests of sugar; there was a very small quantity of the yellow left, and rather more of the white.
Q. Did you endeavour to trace the sugar from the wharf to any other place? - A. Yes, I traced it up a passage that goes from facing of our wharf to Great Hermitage-street; there was sugar scattered all the way along to the end of Great Hermitage-street; I traced it quite to the corner of Little Hermitage-street, but did not trace it any further.
Q. How near was the end of that trace to the house of Grant? - A.Within five or six doors.
Q.Were you with your master and the officer when the house was searched? - A. No.
Q. Did you find any thing near the chests, from which the sugar had been missed? - A. Yes, a crow which had been left in the warehouse, in the first story, and I found a bag just within the door, on the righthand side, near the street; that bag was, the night before, at the further end of the warehouse, full of sweepings of rice; I looked at the inside of it, and found sugar in it.
Q.Was there sugar enough left for you to observe the colour of it? - A. Yes, it was whited brown, such as had been taken from the chests.
Q.Was it like the finest or the coarleft of the two? - A.Like the coarleft, or the yellow, as they call it; there was a hole in the bottom of the bag, that had Straw or hay in it to stop the hole.
Q.After your master had searched Grant's house, did you go there? - A. I did, I took the weight myself, it was seven hundred weight and ten pounds nett before, and we found it weigh twenty-four or twenty-six pounds less afterwards.
Q. How did you know what it weighed before? - A. By dedecting the tare.
Q. How did you ascertain the weight before? - A. By the King's number.
Q.Was the quantity at Grants' such as if it had been restored, would have filled, or nearly filled these two chests? - A. Yes.
Q.Did you compare those two sorts of sugar that you brought from Grant's, with the two chests that were left? - A. Yes, and they were as much alike as possible; I have not the least doubt but they were the same.
THOMAS HEATH sworn. - Examined by Mr. Watson. I am a King's-officer, a revenue-officer; I had the sugar under the King's lock, at the Dundee-wharf; On the 16th of September last, I left the wharf about six o'clock, at the usual hour of locking up; I locked up in company with Woodley; I saw the wharf again the next morning about six o'clock; the evening before, there was a quantity of sugars ready for shipping, on the wharf, which is covered over, the same as a warehouse; the next morning, I observed two chests, with their heads nealy beat in, they appeared to have been beat in with some instrument, a hammer, or some such thing; there was a very small quantity left in them.
Q.Did you endeavour to trace any sugar? - A. No, I did not.
Q.Did you know the weight of these two boxes the night before? - A. No, I do not take the weights, I only attend the shipping of them.
Mr. Gurney. (To Woodley.) Q.Had a person of the name of John Green been at your wharf the day before? - A. Yes.
Q. Have you seen him since the 17th of September? - A. Yes; I believe I saw him till the 19th, but not since to my knowledge.
Q.Was he dismissed then? - A. No, he left the wharf upon his own account.
Q.(To Brown.) Have you seen Green since the 19th of September? - A. I think the 18th was the last time I saw him; I had some suspicions, and I mentioned this robbery to him, and he ran away.

ANDREW READ sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I keep a public-house, opposite the Dundee-wharf; a person of the name of John Green, lodged at my house; on the 16th of September, I went to bed about half past ten o'clock, I had not seen Green that night, I was in bed when he came home.
Q.Look at the bar, and see if you know the prisoner, Fisher? - A. I have seen him; I saw him that night, just as I was going out at the bar to bed; he wished me a good night, I wished him the same; he had a glass of grog, or something of that sort; on the morning of the 17th, I went over to the wharf, and after that I traced the sugar through the passage to Hermitage-street.
Court. Q.Did you ever see Green in company with Fisher before? - A. No.
Mr. Gurney. Q. How near to Grant's house did you trace it? - A.Within five doors.
Q. Did you go into the house with Mr. Brown? - A. No.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WOODWELL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Watson. I am headborough of the parish of St. Paul's Shadwell; on the 17th of September, I went with Mr. Brown, with a search warrent, to search Grant's premises; in searching the premises, as we were coming out almost, in consequence of a suspicion of something that laid behind the door, I observed a hogshead with something white on the outside, it was nearly full of sugar, very brown; I put my hand down and found a paper; I removed the sugar on one side, and found the other sugar covered all over with paper, and under that was the sugar that Mr. Brown said, he believed was it; I think Grant said, what is that? I said, it is what we have been looking for; how did you come by it? he said, he knew nothing about, it was in the house before he came; Grant's wife wanted us to bore the hogshead at the bottom, to try the sample that way, but we bored it in the middle, and found it to be sugar of the quality that Mr. Brown had described; the top was white, and about the middle yellow sugar; we bored the bottom of the hogshead, and found that ot be a different sort of sugar, much coarser; I headed the hogshead up, put it in a cart, and took it to the office; it has been in the care of the locker ever since; the sugar is in the yard, here are the samples in Court. (Produces the samples of all the diffferent sorts that they found.)
Cross-examined by Mr. Garrow. Q. You went to two different houses of Grant's? - A. Yes.
Q.Which did you go to first, the grocer's shop? - A. Yes, where it was found.
Q. The other is an oil-shop? - A. Yes.
Q.Do not you know that the oil-shop was his own? - A. I do not know.
Q. Do you happen to know that he married the widow at that grover's shop, about three weeks before? - A. I understood so.
Mr. Gurney. Q. Who has the samples of that which remained in the chests?
Woodley. I have. (Produces them)
Q.(To Brown.) The Havannah sugars are pretty much of these two qualities, the yellow and the white? - A. There are as many desecriptions as can be.
Q.These samples would, correspond with a great deal of the same fleet in which you made your importaion? - A.Certainly.
JOHN-JAMES BARTLETT sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q.How old are you? - A.Sixteen, the 29th of last May; I was apprentice to Mrs, Price when she was a widow; she is now Mrs. Grant.
Q.Where did Mrs. Price live before she married Grant? - A. At No. 11, Little Hermitage-street; she carried on the business of a grocer.
Q.Where did Grant live before he married her? - A.At No. 14, in the same street; he carried on the business of an oilman and mustard-maker.
Q. When did Grant marry Mrs. Price? - A.On the 28th of August.
Q. After that, which house did he mostly reside in? - A. No. 11, Mrs. Price's; and about a fortnight before the sugar was brought, Green came down, and asked Mr. Grant what he would give for some sugar; Mr. or Mrs. Grant, I cannot say which, but Mr. Grant was by, desired me to get a scoop full of sugar, and he shewed it to Green, and said, is it as good as this; he said, yes, better; Mrs. Grant then said to Mr. Grant, we can give sixpence for it; Mr. Grant then said to Green, yes, we can give sixpence for it; Green said, very well, was that the most; he said he was in expectation of getting some, and then he would pay the money he owed in the book. On the 16th of September, I saw Green again, about seven o'clock in the evening; he came in, and told me, you will have the sugar this evening; Mr. Grant was in the parlour, and I went and told him what Green had said; he then went away; Mr. Grant then said, I think, to Mrs. Grant, he hoped it was safe; she said, she dare say it was.
Q. Was any sugar brought that night? - A. Yes, at a little past ten.
Q. Did you see any body besides Green, before it came, respecting it? - A. No.
Q. Who brought it? - A. Mr. Fisher (the prisoner) and another man, came with it; Fisher came first by himself; that was about ten minutes after ten.
Court. Q. How came you to know the time so exactly? - A. It was the time of our generally going to bed.
Q. Do you know what night of the week it was? - A. I do not know whether it was Monday, or Tuesday, or Wednesday.
Mr. Gurney. Q.What did Fisher bring it in? - A. In a bag; it was put into a hogshead in the shop.
Q.Did any conversation pass between Fisher and Grant the first time that he came? - A. Not that I heard.
Q. Did you see the hogshead that was searched by the officers? - A. Yes.
Q.Was that the hogshead? - A. Yes.
Q. Did Grant see the sugar when Fisher brought it? - A. Yes; Mr. Grant helped to put it in; he set down the weight of it before it was put into the hogshead; I weighed it in the presence of Mr. and Mrs. Grant, and Fisher.
Q. After Fisher delivered the first parcel, what did he do? - A. He went away, and came again in about a quarter of an hour; he came eight or nine times; I cannot say how many exactly; he came with a bag containing sugar each time; the other men did not bring any sugar but the last time; Green and Fisher, and two other men, came altogether.
Q.Was all the sugar that was brought. brought in bags? - A. Yes; it was not all broght in one bag.
Q. Did you take any notice of the bag? - A. Yes;one time that Mr. Fisher came, Mr. Grant told him there was a hole in the bag, and to mind not to pull the straw out.
Court. Q.What time of his coming was that? - A.About the middle of the night, I should think; all the sugar that was brought, was put into that hogshead.
Q. How much did Grant make them amount to? - A.Five hundred weight and odd; the money came to thirteen pounds eight shillings; but Fisher had four shillings for the watchmen from Mr. Grant.
Q.When was that? - A. The second, third, or fourth time of his coming.
Q.Was there any other deduction? - A. He would not pay him the odd four shillings; he would only pay him thirteen pounds, which he gave to Fisher.
Q.How much was it a pound? - A.Sixpence a pound; then they left the house.
Q. Was Green present when the money was paid? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you know the Dundee Wharf before that time? - A. Yes.
Q.What time was the business finished? - A.Between twelve and one, or one and two; I do not know which it was.
Q. Do you know where Green worked? - A. Yes; at the Dundee Wharf.
Q. Did Grant know it? - A. I am not certain.
Q. In the morning before the officers came, did Grant give you any directions as to the hogshead? - A.He gave me directions that same night; he told me to put some sugar out of the drawer in at the top of it, in the hogshead, and the next morning, when he was going out, he said, put some paper betwen; he saw it afterwards, and said it would do.
Q. Was any thing said to the maid-servent the night before? - A.She was gone to the other house with a supper for Miss Grant, which is Mr. Grant's sister; Fisher was then in the shop with the sugar, the first time, and Mr. Grant desired me to call the servent, and tell her to go to bed.
Q. Was Grant taken up that day? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you stay at home that night? - A. Yes; I staid at home till Friday.
Q.Where did you go on Friday? - A. I went to Sydenham, and came home the Friday following.
Q. Did you go to Sydenham of your own accord, or by the direction of any body -
Mr. Garrow. I object to that; certainly you may ask if he was desired to go.
Witness. I was desired by Mrs. Grant.
Cross-examined by Mr. Garrow. Q.You are sixteen years of age? - A. Yes.
Q. How long was Mrs. Price a widow before she married Mr. Grant? - A. It was in March, I think, that Mr. Price died; it was fifteen of sixteen months.
Q. You have lived at Mr. price's in his life-time? - A. Yes.
Q. How long ago is it since you went there first? - A. On the 17th of February.
Q. In what year? - A.1797, I believe.
Q. It was a considerable time before his death that you had gone there first? - A. Yes.
Q. At the time of his death, you did not live in the family? - A.No.
 Q.How long had you lived in the family before she married Grant? - A. I was there about a month; just before Mr. Price died.
Q.And you were her apprentice? - A. Yes.
Q. Who had she to conduct her grocery business? - A.Nobody in the shop besides me; she had a partner.
Q.For how long? - A.About three months.
Q. Can you inform my Lord and the Jury, how that partnership came to be dissolved, and what brought about that dissolution? - A. I do not know what it was about.
 Q. Try and recollect yourself? - A. I believe Mrs. Price's objection was, that the business would not keep two families; I do not recollect any thing else.
Q. Was there no disagreement betweeen them, in consequence of any false reports of any body from the one partner to the other? - A. No, I do not think there was.
Q. Was there never any thing of the sort suggested? - A. I do not think there was.
Q.Have you had any dealings for your mistress with Green, before she married Grant? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you, as the manager of the business, transact it? - A. Mrs. Grant paid him for it, or else ordered me to pay for it.
Q. Grant had carried on the business of an oilman, and mustard manufacturer? - A. Yes.
Q. He did not understand the grocery business at all? - A. Yes; he sold most of the articles in the grocery business.
Q. That is, he had those articles marked which he was able to sell? - A. Yes.
Q. Upon Green coming and talking about selling sugar, Mrs. Grant said she could give sixpence a pound, and he repeated the observation you have stated? - A. Yes.
Q. You and Mr. Price, and Mrs. Price and Grant, were all very good friends; there was no quarrelling amongst you? - A. No; Mr. Price and Mrs. Price used to quarrel sometimes.
Q. I did not ask you any family secret of that sort; I asked you if there was any quarrel at all between them and you? - A.Not as I know of.
Q. what was the name of the first maid-servant that lived there, when you were sent about your business, in Mr. Price's life-time? - A. I do not know her name.
Q. Do you mean now to repeat it, and put your credit upon it, that Mr. Price and his wife had never had any disagreement with you, or found fault, for any real or supposed misconduct? - A. No, not as I know of; Mr. Price, when I have done some little thing or other, has spoke to me in his life-time.
Q.Nothing more than that of staying of your errands, or any thing of that sort? - A.No.
Q.Such as not getting up in a morning, or not sweeping the shop? - A. Yes.
Q.But nothing more than that? - A.Nothing of any consequence.
Q. Who was it that he turned away about the time that you left his service, for getting to bed to the maid? - A. Some young woman; I do not know her name.
Q. That is impossible; what male-servent was turned away; it could not be you, because you never had any disagreement with him of any consequence; but what male-servent did he turn away in disgrace, for getting to bed to the maid? - A.Not any body that I know of.

Q. Do you mean to give deliberately that answer? - A. Not that I know of.
Q. There was no complaint of that sort at all? - A. Yes, there was.
Q. Who was it? - A. It was me, but he did not turn any body away.
Q. I asked you just now, if any fault was found by Price and his wife with you for any greater offence than not sweeping the shop, or not getting up early enough, or staying of your errands, and you said, no; were you not reprimanded yourself, and the servant sent away, that you might not have any further connexion with her? - A.She was sent away.
Q.And you severely reprimanded? - A. I was spoke to about it.
Q.How long before this story of the sugar, was this reprimand? - A I suppose about three or four months, or four or five months, before Mrs. Price was married.
Q. Now having had time to recollect yourself, earlier in Mr. Price's life-time, was there no higher fault than staying of an errand, or not sweeping the shop; was there any female child in the family? - A.There were four children.
Q.Was there any female child? - A.One boy and three girls.
Q. I ask you, upon your oath, in Mr. Price's lifetime, were you not severely reprimanded, and made the subject of great displeasure and great disagreement between you; were you not supposed to have been guilty of some misconduct towards one of these children; was not such a crime imputed to you? - A. Yes; but that was the greatest falsiry as could be.
Q.Was it a child of Mr. Price's, with whom this was supposed to have taken place? - A. Yes.
Q. A child living in his family as one of his insants? - A. Yes.
Q. Of what age might that child be? - A.Three or four.
Q. Now answer me before God and this Court, and that Jury, upon your oath did they not severely reprimand you? - A. No, it was only the servant maid told him of it, and he did not believe it, because he did not think I should be guilty of such thing.
Q. How long did you continue there after that? - A.Six or seven months, I suppose.
 Q.And how came he, at last, to turn you away? - A. I went away.
Q. Of your own accord? - A. Yes.
Q.Where is that young woman, that you have been speaking of, now? - A. I do not know.
Q.Had you quite forgot the circumstance that you had ever received any reprimand, or had any disagreement, about going to bed to this maid servant? - A. You asked me if any body was turned away.
Q. You could not be turned away, because you were an apprentice, you know? - A. I was.
Q.Where have you been since you left Mrs. Grant's; you have been at Mr. Browns, have not you? - A. Yes.
Q. How often have you been examined upon this subject? - A.Twice.
Q.Twice at the office? - A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  HATCHMAN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Watson. I am a cooper: I was at the Dundee Wharf on the 17th of September; I was present at the search of Grant's house.
Q.Are you able to say what these sort of sugars were? - A. I have no doubt but they are Havannah sugars.
Q. Have you, in the course of your work at Dundee Wharf, seen such sugars? - A.Many times.
Q. Have you any reason to believe you had seen these indentical sugars before? - A. I had seen the packages, but not the contents.
THOMAS GRIFFITHS sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am a Police officer of Whitechapel: I apprehended Fisher on the 6th of November, on board a bring lying off St. Catherine's stairs.
Fisher's defence. I am quite innocent of it; I never saw Grant in my life, till I saw him in custody at Shadwell.
Grant defence. I know nothing about the concern; the hogshead was in the house before I came to it.
For Grant.


                  THOMAS 
                  TAYLOR
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Garrow. I am by trade a smith: I live in Church-lane.
Q.Did you at any time after the death of Price, enter into partnership with his widow? - A. Yes; an apprentice of the name of John Bartlett managed her business, before I came into partnership.
Q.How long did you continue in partnership? - A. Ten weeks, as near as I can tell.
Q. You had an opportunity at that time of observing his conduct, and forming an opinion of his character? - A. Yes; when I first entered the partnership, I found this lad had the sole management of the business, which he had had, I understood, from the time of his commencing apprentice, till that time.
Court. Q.When did you enter into partnership? - A. It was in the month of November, 1799; when I came to the place, and he found I was to be his master, he positively declared to me, he was an apprentice to Mrs. Price, and such he would remain, for he never would have a master to rule over him in those premises; I told him he must be an apprentice, that I came there to be his master; but he said, he would not be mastered by me, that he would see me out of that business by some means or other.
Mr. Garrow. Q.Are you positive that, besides these expressions, he used the other, that he would never have any master over him in those premises? - A. Yes.
Q. He has been asked here to day, upon his oath, whether he could tell how the partnership between you and his mistress came to be dissolved, and what was the cause of briging about that dissolution; he has told my Lord, and the Jury, that it was, because the business was not sufficient to support two families? - A. That has been an observation that he has often made; and he would, in a whispering way, tell me, when I have come home, that Mrs. Price had taken money out of the till, which was not accounted for, and which, I believe, not to be true.
Q.From all you have known of him, from the opportunities you have had of seeing his conduct, I ask you, whether you think he is a person, where a man's life is at stake, who may safely be believed upon his oath? - A. No.
Q. If you were a juryman, would you think yourself safe in finding a verdict upon his evidence? - A. Certainly not.
Q.Do you think him more addicted to falsehood than to truth? - A. In many respects; I cannot say in all.

Q.Do you believe you could have continued in the partnership, while he was in the house? - A. We could not agree together; for there was mischief laid between us by this boy.
Q. Was that the cause of your dissolution? - A. Yes.
Q.And must he have known it? - A. He must have known it, because, I believe, he planned it he would be master of the premises himself.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q.Let us know a little about you: What are you by trade? - A. A smith; my father was a smith, and I was afterwards a servant to a grocer.
Q.Now you have returned to your business, as a smith, again? - A. I came from the country between sixteen and seventeen, and served my uncle fifteen months, who is a grocer, another time seven months, and another time five months.
Q. Did you return to your old business of a smith, after that? - A. Yes, in Rosemary-lane.
Q. How long were you there? - A.Two months.
Q. Do you keep a house? - A. Yes.
Q.And shop? - A. Yes.
Q. What do you sell in that shop? - A.Patten rings; that is my business principally, as a smith, and tools for patten makers.
Q. Do you deal in old iron? - A. No; no old iron at all.
Q.When you were in partnership with Mrs. Price, did you live in the house with her? - A. I did.
Q.Entirely? - A. Yes.
Q. Is there a back yard to that house? - A. Yes.
Q. I ask you, upon your oath, if you ever received any sugar through that back yard? - A. I believe I have in small quantities, but not of any consequence.
Q.What sort of dealers were those who came through the back yard? - A.There has been men come with small quantities of sugar for sale.
Q.Men that are known by the name of lumpers? - A. I do not recollect any such people; to say what they were, I do not positively know.
Q. Were they sugar mechants? - A. I cannot say what they were; I believe they might be seafaring men or sailors; they might bring about a dozen or fifteen pounds; being upon my oath, I am bound to tell the truth; during the ten weeks I was there, it might happen twice or three times.
Q. You had bills of parcels with those goods, I suppose? - A. No.
Q.Does that back way lead from the river? - A.It leads into the street, not far from Hermitage-stairs.
Q. It is not fifty yards from the stairs? - A.No.
Q.How did you purchase rice? - A. I recollect purchasing some at Gravesend, and Hall's, in Mark-lane.
Q.Had you none brought to you to purchase? - A. I do not recollect that there was any.
Mr. Garrow. Q. It has been more than insinuated, that you have kept an old iron shop, and been a notorious receiver of stolen goods; I ask you, upon your oath, is that true? - A. It is not.
FRANCIS HALL sworn. - Examined by Mr. Garrow. I am a stock-jobber: I lodged in the house of Mrs. Price last March.
Q. Did you know this boy, Bartlett? - A. Yes.
Q. He has been asked here, upon his oath, whether his mistress ever reprimanded him, or found fault with him? - A. She had a just reason; I wanted him to be turned away about his business, but she did not know where to get another person to carry on the business.
Q.What was the offence? - A.Getting to bed to the servant girl, who had not been a fortnight in the house; I believe, not a week.
Q. What age was the girl? - A.About 16 or 17.
Q. I ask you whether, if you were called upon to find a verdict, as Juryman, which was to depend upon his oath, should you think it safe to trust him? - A. Certainly not.
Q.Then I need hardly ask you, in a case which affects a man's life, you would believe him? - A. No, I would not.
Cross-examined by Mr. Watson. Q.Did you ever know him examined before in a Court of Justice? - A. No.
Court. Q.What is your reason for saying, you would not believe him? - A. I think him a very bad boy for getting to bed to the girl in that way.
Fisher, 

               GUILTY
            , 


               Death
            , aged 23.
Grant, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
