






722. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BIRD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Borman
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Bird
                        



                     
                   and others being therein about the hour of four on the afternoon of the 17th of July
, and stealing therein a bag, value 1 s., a clarinet, value 12 s., a violin, and case, value 15 s., 2 coats, value 5 l. a waistcoat, value 10 s., a pair of breeches, value 15 s. and a handkerchief, value 1 s., the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Borman
                     



                  ; thirty-eight pounds, and a bank note value 1 l - the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Borman
                        



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BORMAN
               



             I live at No 23 Thrawl street, Spitalfields


 the house is let out in tenements: I had the one pair front and back room; on the 17th of July about half past 7 in the morning, I went to work in the London docks, I returned about a quarter before 5 in the afternoon.
Q. Is 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Borman
               



             your sister - A. Yes, she lived in the same apartment with me, I left her at home when I went away.
Q. Does she pay the rent or you - A. The apartment was let to my mother, but she dying my sister took it upon her, I never pay the rent.
Q. Your sister is the tenant - A. Yes, when I left the apartment in the morning all the articles were safe, and coming home from my employ, I met 
               
                  William 
                  Bird
               



             with my Clarinet under his arm, the other prisoner was with him at the time, Bird lived with his father in the lower part of the house, I went home and missed my things and found the door had been broken open, the staple had been forced out, my sister had been home about half an hour before me, I fetched an officer, shewed him the state of the apartment.
Q. How soon after were they taken - A. In about 20 minutes I was present when they were laid hold of, each of the prisoners had a joint of the Clarinet with them, I directly said that was my instrument, I told the officer to do his duty, they made answer they had found it, first they said in the street, and next behind the door.
Q. Did you know Walker's person as well as Bird - A. Yes he lived opposite, I never found my violin or my cloaths nor my sister her money I am sure the Clarinet and case is mine.


                  SARAH 
                  BORMAN
               



            . I live at No. 23, Thrawl-street, my brother lives in the same apartments with me.
Q. Were you at home on the morning of the 17th. of July when he went to work at the docks - A. Yes, I went out that morning a chairing at a Gentleman's house.
Q. What rooms do you rent in the house - A. The first floor, I sleep in one room and he in the other; I left my room door locked, my drawers, and my boxes, they were all broken open when I came back, I was very particular in locking the door no one could go into my brothers room without first going through mine, when I returned between 4 and 5 I found my room door was open the staple of the padlock was drawn.
Q. Had you in the room any money - A. I had thirty-eight pounds in money, and a one pound bank note in a box.
Q. How did you come by this property - A. It was saved up by my father and mother, I did not save it; after my mother's death, it was not in my power to save it. It was in the box, the box was broken open.
Q. Had you ever acquainted persons in the house that you were possessed of money - A. They knew that I had they robbed me before; they well knew that my mother left it.
Q. Did you lose any thing but the money - A. Yes, wearing apparel, but I cannot tell what. I returned home a little while before my brother did.

Q. Do you know whether your brother's cloathes were safe in the room when you went away - A. Yes; it was Monday, they were not put away, when I found the door broken open, I missed all his cloaths directly.
Q. Do you know the two prisoners at the bar, or either of them - A. Bird lived with his father and mother in the house. Walker visited him, they were together at all opportunities; one woman lives above me, I called to her, she said she did not hear my door broken open, I asked her again, then she said she heard my door broken open about four o'clock.
Mr. Alley. The prisoner's habitation was searched, and nothing found - A. Yes, nothing but the clarinet.
Q. What situation of life are you in - A. I work for my living, washing and chairing.
Q. I should have thought it a hard task for a woman in possession of forty pounds to go out a chairing. Why did you not give your brother a part of it - A. My brother knew I would not wrong him.
Q. How long is it since you have been in prison - A. I have not been in prison.
Q. Now be cautious, were you never in custody - A. No. never.
Q. Now that you tell me upon your oath - A. I was taken up by a constable, but I was not guilty of any thing, I have never been in custody since.
Q. How long were you in custody - A. I was five days in Clerkenwell prison.
Court. You say you were taken up by a constable, you had done nothing, were you brought in court, and tried by a jury - A. No. I only went before the justice, I was discharged without being tried by a jury.


                  JOHN 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I am a constable of the Thames police. On Monday, the 17th of July, 
               Wm. Borman
             applied to me, he related the case, that his room had been broken open, and his box, and drawers; I went to his premises, the staple had been drawed off the door, and the box and drawers had been forced open, his sister stated that she had lost thirty-nine pounds, and the brother stated he lost all the articles in the indictment; shortly after I had been to the premises, I met Bird and Walker in Lemon-Street, Goodman's-fields, Bird had the bell part of the clarinet, and Walker the other, he came blowing it up the street; I immediately seized Bird and Walker, they said they found it in the street Walker threw this part Mr. Daniel's shop, and ran away possession of Borman and two or three gentleman Whitechapel choir; I pursued Walker, passage in Colchester Street, jumped over a and secreted himself; I found him and secured him, he said he would come quietly if I would not hurt him, I asked him why he run, if he was not guilty; Borman said the clarinet was his property. I never found any more of the property, I searched the prisoners and several places, I found nothing.
The clarinet produced and identified.
The prisoners left their defence to their counsel.
Walker called two witnesses who gave him a good character.
BIRD, GUILTY - aged 21.




               Of stealing, but not of breaking; and entering the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for seven years.
            

WALKER, 

               GUILTY
             - aged 17.





               Confined one year in the house of correction
            , and 



               fined one shilling
            .
Second Middlesex jury before Mr. Common Serjeant.
