






476. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HEDGE, alias 
BILDIN





               
            , and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     WADE
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of June
, twenty-two yards of Irish linen, value 50 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Powditch
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  MEREDITH
               



             sworn. - I am shopman to Mr. Powditch, linen-draper
, No. 29, Middle-row, Holborn


: On the 27th of June, between five and six o'clock in the evening, the two prisoners came into the shop together; they wanted two nails of clear muslin to put on a cap; I sold them as much as came to fivepence halfpenny, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Bildin
               



             paid me for it; she asked to see a remnant of shambro to make a child a bonnet; she described some particular colour; I told them I had a remnant or two, and if it suited them, I should be very happy to sell it them. I then went to a drawer at the bottom of the shop to get this remnant of shambro; I returned with it, and to my great surprise I only found one of my customers in the shop, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Bildin
               



            ; I jumped over the counter; 
               
                  Mary 
                  Bildin
               



             tried to prevent me from coming over; good God, man, says she, you will knock me down, where are you going; I got over, and ran after the other, and took her in Holborn; I found upon her a piece of Irish cloth, the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Powditch
               



            ; I had seen it half an hour before it was on the counter; I produce the cloth.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. There were other persons in the shop, who are not here? - A. Yes.
Q. You had a suspicion of the prisoners, and you watched them? - A. I deny it; my suspicions arose, finding only one in the shop, I never knew it was gone till I found it upon her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JAMES
               



             sworn. - I am shopman to Mr. Powditch: The two women came into our shop on Thursday evening, and wanted to see some muslin; the last witness shewed them some, and they wanted a small remnant of shambro, to make a child's bonnet; he went to the drawer to look for it, and he saw one of the prisoners run round the window; I was serving another customer on the other side of the shop; the last witness got over the counter, and took her a little way from the corner.
Q. What became of the other prisoner? - A. She staid in the shop.
The prisoners left their defence to their Counsel, and called three witnesses, who gave them a good character.
Hedge, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 29.
Wade, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
