







37. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WEBB
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     LOUISA 
                     WORLEY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ABBOTT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealingon the 28th of October
, from the person of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Foster
                     




                  , six bank notes, value 10 l. each, two bank notes, value 2 l. each, five bank notes, value 1 l. each, and two promissory notes, value 2 l. his property
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  FOSTER
               



            . On Friday the 28th of October, in the evening, I was going up Piccadilly, I met with the two female prisoners.
Q. Did you know them before - A. I never saw them in my life before. We went together into the Bath hotel and got something to drink, but what I cannot say; I changed a two pound note and paid for the liquor; I do not know what quantity we had, nor what the amount of it was.
Q. When you pulled out the pocket book did you see whether the notes mentioned in the indictment were there - A. They were all there.
Q. What are you - A. I am a groom
 to lord 
               
                  Charles 
                  Bentick
               



            . We came out of the house and talked a little together.
Q. Did you come out of the house with the women - A. Yes; we turned to the right.
Q. Nobody but you and the women - A. The watchman came in, but I did not give him any thing to drink; we went down a street, which I believe is Arlington street, and there I stood talking with Webb a considerable time against a door; she rumaged about me a good deal, and when I left her I came into Piccadilly, to my lodgings in Park lane; on crossing the street, by the porter's lodge, I clapped my hand to my side and missed the book; I had it in a side pocket.
Q. You took it out at the public house - A. Yes.
Q. Did you perceive it after you took it out at the public house - A. I put it into my pocket again; I had not felt it after I left the public house; I went again up Piccadilly, a woman ran against me; she said my dear where are you going.
Q. That is another woman, neither of the prisoner - A. No; I told her to go about her business; I was robbed of my book; at the very moment there was a man passing whom I did not know at that time; I went home to my lodgings; I saw no more of them that night; the next morning I was sitting in my own room in my lodgings, there came two people to enquire for me; they told me they had found a letter that I had respecting a horse; they asked me if I had not been robbed the over night; I told them I had and of what, and that they were in a book, and a letter I had.
Q. Did they produce any thing to you - A. They shewed me the ten pound notes and a letter that I had from lord Titchfield, respecting a horse; I cleaned myself and went along with them to Bow street; the prisoners were there; I knew 
               
                  Mary 
                  Webb
               



            , I did not know the other one so particularly; I am sure both the women were with me on the over night at the public house.
Q. Had you ever seen the man before - A. He came into the public house the night before, but I did not give him any drink; he is the watchman.
Q. Was he so near you in the public house that he could take it from you - A. No, he could not; I did not see him any where that night, but in the public house.


                  ISAAC 
                  HOLLINGS
               



            . I am a publican, I keep the Blue Post, Bennet street, the corner of Arlington street. The prisoners all three came into my tap room about twelve o'clock and called for a shillingsworth of brandy and water; they tendered a one pound note for the payment of it; I changed that; they sent for a second shillingsworth; I sent the change, eighteen shillings; I went to the tap room myself, I found the watchman there; I told him he must go, he had no business in the house.
Q. You found the watchman there, is that the prisoner - A. Yes; he said he would go. I returned to my bar; he did not go then; I went and ordered him out a second time; before they went they had half a pint of brandy and shrub; they tendered another one pound note for it, which I refused.
Q. Do you know who it was that tendered it - A. I think the watchman, but I am not positive: my waiter came to me, and said sir, I think them women have been robbing some man, I have seen them shoving notes down their bosom; in consequence of what the waiter said I went into the parlour, I picked up a letter, I opened it, it was not sealed, which led to a suspicion that some person had been robbed; it is the letter the first witness has been speaking of.
Q. to prosecutor. Is that the letter that you had - A. Yes; that is the letter I lost.
Mr. Hollings. The prisoners all went out; I sent for them, saying I would change the one pound note; they all three came back; the watchman said as soon as he came into the house, I had no occasion of being in such a hurry to turn them out, they should have spent a crown or more before they had left; I told them they should spend none there, they had robbed some one, I would detain them and have them searched; they denied having robbed any one or having any money about them except a few shillings; they seemed very much frightened. The prisoner Coddington, that was just now convicted at that bar, came in with them the second time. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Webb
               



             was giving some money to him, and in the act of doing that it dropped on the floor; I picked up a guinea, a half guinea, and a shilling or a sixpence; I told the watchman that I should charge them all; he said I could not detain him there from his duty; he advised the two women to give charge for charge; my brother come in the house, I sent him for an officer, and Mr. Edwards the officer came in, they were searched; we found four ten pound notes; we found two ten pound notes first, between the strings of Worley's petticoat; Worley acknowledged that they had been whacking of it; I found a country one pound note on the seat where they had been sitting, a Grantham note it is; we then took them to the watchhouse; after we returned I found a one pound note on the floor.
THOMAS EDWARDS. I am one of the Bow street patrols; I went to Mr. Holling's house, I searched the prisoners; I found two tens on Worley, a key and eleven duplicates, and two tens dropped from their clothes; I took them to the watchouse; they denied any knowledge of the notes.
Q. Did you search the man - A. He was gone out; after I had secured the girls I took Abbot to his own watchhouse; I searched him; I found nothing on him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I was constable of the night at St. Martin's, where they were brought in. When I was going to search 
               
                  Mary 
                  Webb
               



             I saw she had something clasping close in her hands, and I saw her put something in her mouth; I took hold of her and prevented her from swallowing of any thing; I searchedher mouth, there I found two half guineas; I opened her hand, there were two shillings.
Q. to prosecutor. Now look at that letter, is that the letter you lost - A. Yes; it was in the pocket book when I lost it; I know none of the numbers of the notes; I believe they are all my notes.


                  ROBERT 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . On the 29th of October, in the morning, I was going home from the watchhouse in Bennet street, I picked up three notes, they were wet; I did not examine them; I delivered them to Mr. Carter, the watchhouse keeper. I found them near the Blue Post.


                  MARK 
                  CARTER
               



            . I only know that 
               
                  Robert 
                  Andrews
               



             brought these three notes to me at the watch-house.


                  JOHN 
                  NEALE
               



            . On Saturday morning, the 29th of October, coming out of the court yard of lord Camden's house in Arlington street, I perceived part of a letter, on looking more narrowly I saw a pocket book, which I took up; there were two letters in it addressed to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Foster
               



            .
Prosecutor. I am perfectly sure it is my pocket book.
Webb's Defence. I had been to Bond street with a gentleman, he gave me a pound note, a guinea, and half a guinea, to get me some clothes. I met this woman, I gave her something drink; I met the watchman; I had a shilling's worth of brandy and water. This gentlewoman said she had picked up some notes in Oxford street; she gave one to the watchman to get it changed. The publican said he could not give change. As for that man, I never saw him before with my eyes till I saw him at Bow street. I am as innocent as a child unborn.
Worley's Defence. The notes which the runner took from me in the house I picked up in Market street, before I saw this good woman. I told her I would treat her with something if the watchman would get change for a one pound note; the landlord said he could not give change: when we came out he sent his boy after us, saying that he could his change. We went back; the officer stood for no repairs; he took them out of my bosom. As for the gentleman that came to swear against me, I never saw him till I saw him at Bow street.
Abbot's Defence. I was calling eleven o'clock. I went up to the White Horse cellar to put up the shutters; these two ladies went into the public house with a man, he asked me to come and have a glass, being a cold night; I went in, I asked who was going to give me a glass; mother Worley said the gentleman has altered his mind, he will not give you one; I went out of the house and put up the shutters. I went in and asked the mistress of the White Horse cellar what time I should ring the bell, she said half past three. I went and called twelve o'clock. Going my round I saw these girls: one of them says come over, I will give you something to drink at the Blue Post; I immediately went out of my box; this girl asked me to get change, and to get something to drink, she said let it be short and sweet; she asked me to call for a shillingsworth of rum and water; I gave it her; I never set down after she gave me the note. Mr. Hollings gave me a half guinea, a seven shilling piece, and a sixpence. Mother Worley said I will have change; I told her the landlord would not give her change; I returned the note back; the landlord ordered us out the second time; I went out directly; the girls followed me. Going up Arlington street, the landlord sent after me to bring these girls back; when we came back, he said to me which of the girls gave you the first pound note; I said Poll Webb; and who gave you the second pound note, I said Worley; he said he had a good mind to keep us all prisoners, he should keep the girls prisoners and turn the watchman out to do his duty. I did my duty till past two o'clock, when the patrol took me. I walked quietly with him to the watchhouse.
Abbot called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Webb and Worley called no witnesses to their character.
WEBB, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.
WORLEY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 31.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ABBOT, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Grose.
