





31. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WELCH
                  , alias 
MURPHY





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of November
, a silver watch, value 30s. a silver watch-chain, value 5s. a silver seal, value 1s. a silver watch-key, value 6d. a silver watch, gilt, value 15s. a silver thimble, value 6d. a pair of silk gloves, value 6d. a towel, value 2d. a silk handkerchief, value 4d. a pocket handkerchief, value 3d. and a neck handkerchief, value 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Bodman
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  BODMAN
               



             sworn. - I keep the White Swan at Wapping-wall




: On Thursday morning, the 6th of November, about ten o'clock, I went up stairs to my chamber to go to my drawers, to get some India bonds; when I opened the drawer, I missed two watches out of four; the drawer was not locked.
Q. Do you keep India bonds in a drawer, not locked? - A. They were absent ones, such as sailors give for wages; I missed two watches, and the other articles in the indictment, (repeating them); the prisoner had been servant in the house about four weeks; I sent for a constable, and had her apprehended; I had a very good character with her; the officer searched her, and found all the articles upon her; I can swear to them; my wife's is a French watch; silver gilt; I know it by the chain; the silver watch belongs to a man that is gone to sea; and the silk handkerchief, and the neck handkerchief, belong to Captain Arthur; his daughter is here to prove them.


                  JOHN 
                  RILEY
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to the Police-office, Shadwell: On the 6th of November, Mr. Bodman sent for me, to take his servant into custody; I searched her box, and found a silk handkerchief, a pocket handkerchief, a neck hankerchief, a towel, and a pair of silk gloves; I sent her to look for her pockets, but did not let her go out of my sight; I thought I saw her attempting to secrete something; I immediately laid hold of her, and took two watches out of her right-hand, (produces them); I then took her before the Magistrate.(The property was deposed to by the prosecutor).
Prisoner's defence. The things that were in the box, my mistress made me a present of; the officer searched my pockets, and found nothing there; my mistress told me my pockets were very dirty; she lent me her pockets, and the thimble was in that; when I was looking for the pocket where the dirty clothes were, I saw these watches; I took them up in my hand, and one of the officers laid hold of me directly, and took them out of my hand; it was an open house for every one.




               GUILTY of stealing goods, value 39s.
             aged 24.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
