





572. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     YOKES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th of September
, a kettle, value 1 s. three curtains, value 7 s. an iron, value 9 d. a frying pan, value 1 s. a quilt, value 6 s. two blankets, value 8 s. two pillows, value 2 s. a bolster, value 3 s. and a pillow case, value sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Abigail 
                           Sumner
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging room
            .


                  ABIGAIL 
                  SUMNER
               



             sworn. I live in Whitecross-street, the corner of Green-yard


; I keep the house, I am a widow
. I let the prisoner and a man she called her husband, he has proved not to be her husband, I let them a ready furnished room, they continued with me about three months.
Q. What business was he of. - A. In the horse line, he worked at White's, Little Moorfields; they paid me pretty well for several weeks, but they owed me something when they went away,they took all these things out of the room.
Q. When did they leave your lodgings. - A. A month last Sunday morning.
Q. They both went away together. - A. She went out first, and when he came home to breakfast, he said where is my wife? I said she is out, oh, says he, she will be home presently; he went away and never returned, he left his place at the same time.
Q. Did you find your things again. - A. Yes, they are all in court, what is in the indictment; I lost other things.
Q. All that you know you let your lodgings to this man and woman, and when they went away, you opened the door and found the things gone. - A. Yes.
JOHN 
               
                  HENRY 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. I am a pawnbroker, I live in Wood-street, part of the property I took in of the prisoner in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Clark
               



            , there is two frying pans, tea kettle, flat iron, one blanket, two pillows and pillow case, they were pawned at different times.
Q. They were all pledged by the prisoner herself, and in the name of Clark. - A. Yes, I am certain of it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FIELD
               



             sworn. I took the prisoner in custody, the prisoner delivered me up the duplicates directly.
(The property produced and identified by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's Defence. I leave it entirely to the mercy of the gentlemen of the jury. I have nothing to say myself, I am a poor distressed woman.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
