





117. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     GRUBB
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th of December
, privily from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Gumbleton
                        




                     
                  , three guineas, half a guinea, a seven shilling piece, two promissory notes, for the payment of five pound each, value 5 l. each, a promissory note of one pound, value 1 l. one banknote, value 30 l. and three other bank-notes, value 1 l. each, the property of the said 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Gumbleton
                     



.


                  ROBERT 
                  GUMBLETON
               



             sworn. Q. On the 28th of December, where had you dined that day? - A. I had dined at an eating-house in the Strand; I was drinking there for about three hours with some friends.
Q. What had you drank? - A. Spirits and water.
Q. What time did you set out from your company? - A. I went down Charing Cross about ten o'clock in the evening; I went by the Horse Guards into the Bird Cage walk


, I was going to Pimlico; I was accosted by a girl, I could not swear to her person, there was no lamps, it was quite dark; she thrusted herself against me, and asked me to go home with her, I was detained about a minute with her; I asked her the way to Buckingham House, I was about the third part of the way through the Park, when I found I had lost my purse.
Q. When did you perceive your purse in your pocket? - A. I felt it in my pocket at Charing Cross; I am confident I had it then.
Q. What sort of a purse was it? - A. A canvas purse.
Q. There was a good many people at Charing Cross? - A. I believe there were.
Q. Had you been drinking so as to be in liquor? - A. Yes.
Q. Pretty much? - A. Yes.
Q. What was in the purse? - A. A thirty pound bank-note, and three one pound bank notes, two five pound notes, and a one pound note, three guineas and a half or four guineas and a half, and a seven shilling piece.
Q. Have you ever seen any of the notes since? - A. Yes, the officer has them.
Q. How came you to have so much money about you? - A. I had just changed a check of thirty-three pound I had of Mr. Robins, at Messrs. Brown and Co. Lombard-street.
Q. Do you live at Pimlico? - A. I live at Deal; the country notes I received in the West Country.
Q. What were the notes that you received from Brown? - A. A thirty pound Bank of England note, three one pound notes, and two seven shilling pieces.
Q. This woman took the purse from you you say? - A. She thrust herself against me and was very forward.
Q. Did you perceive her take any thing at all? - A. No.
Q. Was the buttons of the pocket fast or safe? - A. They were open when I missed the notes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBINS
               



             sworn. In the early part of the month of December, I received of Mr. Willis for the use of the prosecutor, the sum of thirty-three pounds, fourteen shillings, for which sum I gave him a check, I came merely to identify the check when it is produced.


                  JOHN 
                  COCKING
               



             sworn. On the 29th of December, I apprehended the prisoner; in her pocket was found two guineas, a seven shilling piece, and four shillings in silver, in searching of the room, in a box we found a new coat; we took the prisoner into custody: on the 30th we found between the sacking and the bed a thirty pound Bank of England note, two five Yeovil and Taunton, and one one-pound note of the same bank; the notes were rolled up in a stocking, and poked to the further end of the sacking.
Q. (to Prosecutor) Have you any means of knowing that these were the notes that were in your pocket then? - A. The thirty pound note was signed Bridgman; and I am confident that the Yeovil and Taunton notes were dated in October; I am confident of one of the five pound notes being dated in October, I believe both; I did not take the numbers.
- NEWEL sworn. I am clerk in the house of Brown, Cobb, and Stokes.
Q. Was a check presented to you on the 28th of December? - A. Yes, for thirty-three pounds fourteen shillings; I paid for it a thirty pound note, three one pound notes, and fourteen shillings in money; the number of the thirty pound note was 8425, we never take the number of smaller notes, here is the name of Greenwood upon the note, which is the name of one of our clerks.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



             sworn. The prisoner bought a great coat of me, and changed a one pound note with me; the coat came to seventeen shillings.


                  EDWARD 
                  TAYLOR
               



             sworn. The prisoner bought three pair of stockings of me, I gave her change for a one pound note; she told me her name was Smith, I wrote Smith on the back, 29th of December.
Prisoner's Defence. When these gentlemen came on Sunday night, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, I was in bed; I know nothing of the gentleman that has laid thecharge against me, nor do I know any thing of the notes; I never saw the gentleman in my life till now.
GUILTY, aged 20.




               Of stealing, but not privily from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
