





265. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of March
, a pair of brass three barrelled pistols, value 30s.
             the property of 
               
                  Hector 
                  Essex
               




            .
HECTOR ESSEX sworn. - I deal in haberdashery, silver, and jewellery
: On the 15th of March last, I lost a pair of brass three barrelled pistols, with bayonets, from my shop; on the 14th, in the evening, the prisoner called at my house, he told me he had seen a pair of three barrelled pistols in my window which he wished then to see, he was dressed in the habit of a naval officer; it was after dark, I believe somewhere about eight o'clock; he went away, saying he would call either on the morrow, which was Saturday, or the Monday; on the Saturday, a little before nine o'clock, between the three quarters and nine, in the evening, he called again; when he came in, I was busy with another person, I reached one of the pistols to him, I observed the door a jar and I pushed it to with my foot; he then said he wanted to look at the other; I reached down the other pistol, and put it downon the counter, he had one then in his hand, and while I was opening the till to give another person two shillings, the prisoner opened the door, and ran away with the pistols; as to his person, I am certain of it, for he was nearly an hour with me the day before; as soon as I was robbed, I sent one man into the City, and another to the Westend of the town, to every shop where they were likely to be disposed of; on the Wednesday following, between ten and eleven o'clock in the evening, Mr. Windsor, of Whitechapel, sent for me; I went there, and saw this young man, whom I knew again immediately; they had stopped him, and the pistols were in the possession of the constable.
BENJAMIN CONSTABLE sworn. - I am a constable: On Wednesday night, the 19th of March, about ten o'clock in the evening, I was sent for from the watch-house to Mr. Windsor's, in Whitechapel High-street, I found the prisoner there; I stopped some time till Mr. Essex came, then Mr. Essex gave me charge of him; I received a pistol from Thomas French. (Produces the pistol).


                  THOMAS 
                  FRENCH
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker: On the 19th of March, between nine and ten o'clock in the evening, as near as I can recollect, the prisoner at the bar came to our shop, and brought a three barrelled brass pistol to pledge, upon which he wanted a guinea and a half; he had but one pistol; I told him I had had information of a pair of pistols, of that description, being lost by Mr. Essex, in the Strand; I enquired of him how he came by them; he told me they were given to him by a friend of his then at sea, it was about a year and a half since he gave them to him; I told him I must detain him while I sent for Mr. Essex, who had lost the pistols; when Mr. Essex came, he claimed the pistol; he stopped voluntarily with me till Mr. Essex came; this is the same pistol.
Essex. I have not the least doubt that those are my pistols; the prisoner's person I am very positive of, but as to the pistols, there are so many made like one another, that I cannot positively swear to this; when I went with him to the watch-house, he complained of cold for want of his great coat and boots; I said, if he would let me know where his lodgings were, I would go with the constable for his great coat and boots, and perhaps I might see my other pistol; I went to the lodgings of a Mr. Cardon, No. 15, Fenchurch-buildings, and sent the coat and boots; I got some information about the other pistol; I got a search-warrant, and found the pistol in Mr. Cardon's room, with whom the prisoner lodged.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 18.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Lord KENYON.
