





255. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     FITZGERALD
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 17th of October
, being employed by 
                     
                        George 
                        Oakley
                     



                  , 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Shackleton
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        John 
                        Evans
                     



                  , in the capacity of clerk and servant
, did, by virtue of such employment, receive and take into his possession of and from William Fraser, Esq. a banker's draft, dated 17th October, 1801, of his, the said 
                     
                        William 
                        Fraser
                     



                  's, proper hand-writing, whereby he did require certain persons in the parish of St. Martin's-in-the-Fields, viz. Messrs. Drummond and Co. to pay the sum of 85l. 4s. 6d. whereof he, the said Thomas Fitzgerald, fraudulently and feloniously did embezzle, secrete, and make away with, 5l. 4s. 6d. part of the said sum, and that he did steal, take, and carry away, the same
            .
Second Count. Varying the manner of charging it.(The case was opened by Mr. Jackson.)
JOHN EVANS sworn. - Examined by Mr. Jackson.
Q. Where do you live? - A. In St. Paul's Church-yard: I am in partnership with George Oakley and Thomas Shackleton; the prisoner was clerk to us, and had been so about eight months; we had a customer of the name of Fraser, who was indebted to us 85l. 4s. 6d. in October last.
JOHN WILLIS sworn. - I live servant with Mr. Fraser: The prisoner applied to me for 85l. 4s. 6d. on account of Oakley, Shackleton, and Evans, in October last; I received a draft from my master on Messrs. Drummonds, which I paid to the prisoner; this is my master's writing.



                  WILLIAM 
                  HALE
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to Messrs. Drummond and Co. and paid this check of 85l. 4s. 6d. but I neither know how I paid it, or to whom.
Mr. Jackson. 
               Q. 
            (To Mr. Evans.) Did the prisoner render any accounts on the 17th of October of the receipts of the day? - 
               A. 
            Yes, he stated he received of Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Fraser
               



             eighty pounds on our account, which I entered in our book, (produces the book, and refers to the entry;) he gave me the sum as all he had received of Mr. Fraser, but never accounted for the other 5l. 4s. 6d. After he was committed at the Mansion-house, he said, if I would stop the prosecution, he and his brother would transport themselves to any part of the world we pleased, which I refused; we paid him forty-five pounds a year, and his board and lodging, but did not allow him any thing else; he entered, in his own hand-writing, "Received of Mr. Fraser, eighty pounds;" and, in another book, "By allowance for ornaments and abatements, 3l. 6s. 6d." We never gave leave to make abatements without a note from us.
Mr. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  OAKLEY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Jackson. 
               Q. 
            Has he ever accounted with you for the remainder of the 85l. 4s. 6d? - A. No, he has not.
Mr. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SHACKLBTON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Have you ever received the five pounds balance? - A. Never. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
