





52. 
               
                  ISAAC 
                  PETTIT
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of November
, a watch, value 20s. two coats, value 15s. a cloak, value 3s. and a petticoat, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Morris
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
JOHN MORRIS sworn. - On the 11th of November I was fetched from my work, being informed I was robbed of the articles mentioned in the indictment; I went about to the different pawnbrokers, and while I was in at Chandler's, in Holborn, the prisoner came in with my watch to pledge; I asked him how he came by it, he said, a man had given it to him to pledge, but did not know where that man was; on searching him, I found my handkerchief, the other things were found at a Jew's, in Russell-court.


                  SARAH 
                  MORRIS
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of Mr. Morris; I went out on an errand, on Thursday the 11th of November, and was gone about ten minutes, the parlour door was fast when I went out; I was washing below, and when I returned, and went down stairs, one of my children said, the parlour door was wide open, I run up stairs, andfound the door was wide open, and the street door which I left on the latch, the parlour door I left locked, I missed the things and sent for my husband; I went to Mr. Chandler's accidentally, and the prisoner was there, I had not seen him before.


                  CHARLES 
                  TRUEPECAK
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Chandler; the prisoner brought the watch to pledge, on Thursday the 11th of November, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon: Mr. Morris was in the shop, giving a description of the watch, and the prisoner was taken in custody. (The watch produced and identified.)


                  SIMON 
                  LEVI
               



             sworn. - I keep a sale-shop, in Russel-court; on Thursday three weeks, a man brought some clothes, and asked me if I bought second-hand things, I said, yes; he asked me twenty-six shillings for them, I gave him nineteen shillings and sixpence, which is the full value of them; I cannot swear to the prisoner. (Produces two coats, a petticoat, and a handkerchief, which was identified by the prosecutor.)
The prisoner put in a written defence, declaring his innocence generally, GUILTY, aged 26.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
