





388. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     FITZGERALD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2nd of May
, a silver watch, value 39 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Collyer
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  COLLYER
               



            . I am a soldier in the guards
. On the 2nd of May I was at the Marquis of Granby in the Almonry, Westminster


 I sat in the tap room; I fell asleep; when I awoke my watch was gone; the prisoner was in the tap room with two other women, but they were not in my company.


                  JAMES 
                  GILMORE
               



            . I am a constable of Queen's-square. On the 4th of May I apprehended the prisoner in company with two other women at the Marquis of Granby. As I was locking them up, 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Coleman
               



             said in the presence of the prisoner, that the prisoner was the person that took the watch, and that morning a man whom the prisoner lodged with had the watch; the prosecutor found the watch in the man's knapsack, as I understood. I asked the prisoner if that was the case; she said it was; and while I was taking them to prison the prosecutor apprehended the man. He being a soldier the magistrate thought fit to have him tried by a court martial.
Q. (to prosecutor) Where did you get that watch. - A. Of one of the guards, his name is Manning; I found it in his knapsack. It is my watch.
Q. When you fell asleep was Manning in the room. A. No, there was none but these three women.
Prisoner. Did not you go backwards into the yard. A. I did.
Q. I found the watch in the necessary. - A. I had the watch when I came in from the yard.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
