





190. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  DICKS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of December
, a metal watch, value 18s. two seals, value 2s. a silver milk pot, value 10s. a silver table spoon, value 10s. two silver salt spoons, value 2s. a pair of silver sugar tongs, value 4s. and two plated egg cups, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        Hendley 
                        Susman
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Brown
                     



.
HENDLEY SUSMAN sworn. - I live at No. 9, Lisle-street, Leicester-fields


, in the house of 
               
                  William 
                  Brown
               



            , who keeps a chandler's shop; but know nothing of the robbery.


                  SARAH 
                  LENOX
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Miss Susman. On the 30th of December, the prisoner knocked at the door, and asked of me for Miss Cato, which is the name she goes by, Susman being a hard name to recollect. I said she was not at home, but at the play. He asked me if he could go up and write a note. I said, yes. He went up but I could not find a pen. I went down a few stairs to call a servant, and in the mean time heard the plate rattle on the side-board in the room I had left the prisoner. I thought he was very curious and looking at it. I went up again as far as the window, when I met him on the stairs with the things in his pocket, which I heard rattle. I said you are not going. He said, yes. I said you have not wrote the note. He said no, neither am I going to write it. I immediately put my hands against his breast, and said you have got something in your pocket which don't belong to you, and desired him to go up stairs, which he did, and began to pull the things out of his pocket. I heard Mr. Brown on the stairs, and called him in, and he saw the prisoner pull a part of the things out of his pocket. The prisoner said it was only a joke, and wished to go away, but I sent for a constable and he was taken to the watch-house.
WILLIAM BROWN sworn. - I keep the house: On the 30th of December, I was called in by the last witness, and saw the prisoner pulling the articles mentioned in the indictment out of his pocket, and he was taken to the watch-house.
(The articles produced, and identified by the prosecutrix).
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 27.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 30s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
