





353. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     COX
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniosly stealing on the 26th of April
, a copper, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Aberdour
                  




               
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  ABERDOUR
               



             sworn. I am a brazier and tin man
, I live in Red Lion-street Holborn; I only know it is my property.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CLARK
               



             sworn. I am a fish monger's servant, I live with Mr. Bayley, Newgate-street; I had been in Portland-street, Oxford Road; coming back I saw the prisoner at the bar and another after picking a gentleman's pocket, then they went down Red Lion-street


; I watched them down there, and a lad that was with the prisoner took up the copper, the prisoner then was behind him; the prisoner went and took the copper away from the boy, and went on with it, I went and informed Mr. Aberdour.
Q. Are you sure that the prisoner is the person. - A. Yes.
Prisoner. Where was I when I took the copper from the boy. - A. In Red Lion-street.
Prisoner. I have a witness to the contrary; it was in Eagle-street, the boy asked me to carry it for him into Holborn.
Prosecutor. In consequence of information, I followed them into Eagle-street; the prisoner at the bar was carrying it on his head; they were walking very fast, they turned into Dean-street, and when they had got a little way down Dean-street, I came up to them. I immediately collared the prisoner at the bar with the copper on his head; the other person ran off, I asked him how he dared steal the copper from the door, he said he was employed by the person that was with him; in the scuffle he got from me and the copper fell off his head, with assistance I took him again; he never was out of my sight.
Prisoner. I shewed him the boy who hired me to carry it, and begged of him to take him.
Court. You know him I suppose. - A. I never saw the boy before.
(The copper produced and identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner. I have a witness that saw the boy call me to carry it, that was coming by at the time he hired me.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  ROSE
               



             sworn. I live in Charlotte's-buildings, Gray's Inn-lane, I work for Mr. Wake a scavenger in Gray's Inn-lane, I sift cinders.
Q. How long have you known Cox. - A. I do not know him at all.
Q. O, Yes you do. - A. No, I do not know him, I never saw him before the boy stopped him in Eagle-street and asked him to carry the copper for him into Holborn, and he would satisfy him for it.
Q. What size boy. - A. He was about fifteen years old, the boy had the copper before him when he asked Cox to carry it.
Q. A stout lad. - A. Yes, with a brown coat.
Q. Did it not strike you very odd, that that boy should not be able to carry that copper himself. - A. It was nothing to do with me.
Q. You will explain to me and the jury how he found you out. - A. I will tell you how I was found out, two or three days afterwards, I was in Gray's Inn-lane, a woman was crying she said her brother was charged with the copper, I said I saw such a man stopped in Eagle-street with the copper, I thought it was my duty to go and tell the truth
Q. What is the woman's name. - A.ElizabethCox.
Q.(to Clark) Where was it you first saw the prisoner. - A. In St. Giles's I followed him to Red Lion-street.
Q. What was the boy in that was in company with him. - A. I think it was a brown coat.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
