





755. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SHEEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 5th of July
, a silver watch, value 21 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Edmund 
                  Rourke
               




            .


                  EDMUND 
                  ROURKE
               



            . I am a labourer
, I live in Bow


; I work for Mr. Crane of Stratford.
Q. Did you lose a silver watch at any time. - A. Yes, on the 5th of July; I was outside of the door talking to the prisoner; I went into my lodging and then I found that my watch was gone.
Q. What time of the day was it. - A. Between seven and eight o'clock in the evening.
Q. Are you sure that you had your watch in your pocket before this man came up to speak to you. - A. I only came out of the public house, he called and spoke to me, and when I went in my own house, I found he had robbed me of my watch; I had my watch when I was at the public house I was tipsey.
Q. Had you looked at your watch to see what time it was when you were in the public house. - A. Yes.
Q. Did the prisoner assist you to get you home. - A.Yes, he saw me home.
Q. Were there any one with you besides the prisoner. - A. No one.
Q. Had you known him before. - A. I saw him only once before. After I got in doors I missed my watch; I went out of doors in about two or three minutes to try to overtake the man; I found the outside case where we were standing; the outside case was loose. Before the next morning I sent to the prisoner to ask him if he knew any thing about my watch; he said he would go the next Sunday and swear to the clergyman that he knew nothing about my watch, but he did not go.
Q. Have you ever seen your watch again. - A. Yes, I saw it at the pawnbrokers, a great while after.
Q. Did you know your watch again when you saw it. - A. Yes, if I do not know that watch among a hundred watches, I will take all the blame to myself and stand in his shoes. I sold the outside case.
Prisoner. He is swearing to what is not fair, he swears that there was nobody with him but me; there was a young man with us, he is gone into the country.
Prosecutor. There was a young man near a hundred yards off; there was no man at the door, he was waiting for him.


                  DAVID 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker at Poplar; I know the prisoner perfectly well, he pawned a silver watch, on Monday the 6th of July, in the forepart of the day; it wanted an outside case. I advanced him eight shillings on it.
JOHN LEE. I am a constable; I apprehended the prisoner on the 15th of August; I took him to Shadwell office. Mr. Rogers searched him, and found this duplicate of the silver watch upon him.
Lloyd. That is the same duplicate I gave the prisoner upon his pawning the watch.


                  JOHN 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I found the duplicate sewed in his breeches pocket.
Prisoner's Defence. He asked me to go and drink with his friend, we went to several public houses, he had his watch out; when we were all drinking together, he then took me home to shew me where he lived, to come and see him on the next Sunday; there was a young man, and two more with us when we parted, but they are in the country to work.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
