





738. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 16th of August
, twenty yards of gingham, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Russell
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  RUSSEL
               



            . I live at 193, Ratcliffe Highway


, I am a linen-draper
. On the 16th of August the prisoner and her sister came into the shop, she asked to look at some printed cotton for a gown, my young man shewed her two or three pieces, he is not here. I saw she was rather troublesome in serving, I told him to go to his dinner, I would wait upon her myself. She came a little after twelve and staid almost till two; I shewed her near forty pieces. The sister was in the shop all the time, sometimes close by her and sometimes walking about the shop; at last the prisoner fixed upon a piece of printed cotton cotton, six yards were cut off for her; the sister left one shilling and five pence in halfpence upon it; I was to keep the goods till she paid the rest; the goods came to nine shillings and sixpence. When her sister held out the money her hands trembled very much, which gave me suspicion; they both went out together, and when the prisoner had gone about five yards from my door I took hold of her and brought her into the shop, the sister ran away; I asked her what she had of mine, she said nothing; I removed her apron and saw the property; about twenty-five yards of gingham.
Q. Are you quite sure that that gingham was in the shop at the time the prisoner came in - A. Yes; I shewed it to her with the other things. She was searched in my presence at the watchhouse; she had no money.
Q. What was the gingham worth - A. Twenty shillings.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I went into this gentleman's shop with a woman, we bought a gown, she had no more toPay off than one shilling and five pence; the gentleman found the gingham on the floor; he never took it from me at all.
GUILTY, aged 19.




               Of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
