





646. 
               
                  
                     EVAN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of August
, 180lb. weight of wool, value 45l. three bags, value 3s. and twelve pieces of bag, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Emanuel 
                     De la Torre
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARD HALLIDAY
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to the prosecutor, who lives at No. 22, Finsbury-square


, a Spanish merchant
, and dealer in wool, his warehouse is behind the house, the prisoner was his servant
; we lost wool for a considerable time, particularly Leonisa, which is the finest, and Segoria, which is rather inferior; I went with the officer to the prisoner's house, and found some Spanish wool packed up in two bundles, being eight, ten, or twelve pounds weight; the finest sold at six shillings and sixpence per pound; the coarsest at two-pence or three-pence under; we also found some pieces of bags.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Do you mean to swear positively to the wool found there? - A. I can only say it is the same sort of wool, and we had missed quantities by the weight; when we fell, a sample is drawn from a bag; many bags have been opened in the warehouse, and sometimes they will come in a torn state, and loose wool will remain in the vessel.


                  NICHOLAS 
                  DE TELLETRE
               



             sworn. - I am the nephew of Mr. De la Torre, and am employed by him; before the prisoner was discharged, a warehouse-keeper received it, I took care of the weight when a bag was weighed to the seller.


                  ANN 
                  TWIDDY
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 25, Union-buildings; the prisoner lives opposite, at No. 30, but I did not know where he worked; he had no shop; I have observed him come home about eight or nine in the morning, one in the afternoon, and seven in the evening; he used to bring bundles continually, sometimes in bags and handkerchiefs: On the 5th of August I saw him come out, and saw a cart, horse, and man at the door, between one and two in the afternoon; I knew the man with the cart; afterwards I saw a large course bag put into the cart by Williams and another man; I went over to Mr. Williams, and told him the property he had was stolen; he said, it was no such thing, and wished I had told him before; he then turned to a man in the room, and said, this is the man who bought it; the man said, I have bought andpaid for it; I said, then you have bought stolen property; the cart drove away, and the man went with it; I gave information.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Mr. De la Torre lives about half a mile from the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Q. You saw nothing that was in the bag? - A. No.
Q. This was in the day-time? - A. Yes.
Court. Q. Did he explain what he meant, when he said, I wish you had told me before? - A. No.
 - STEVENS sworn. - I went to fetch a bag of wool rom the prisoner's house, and believe he was there; it is hard swearing to a man, having seen him but once, but I believe it is him, three men loaded the cart; I took it to Cloth-fair, and afterwards went to the Red-cow, in Long-lane, somebody said they were going there; I went to the Red-cow, and saw three men, the prisoner was one; had I seen him in the street, I should not have known him.


                  GEORGE 
                  STANTON
               



             sworn. - I was clerk to Mr. Hughes, of Cloth-fair; in August, I remember Stevens bringing a bag of wool; I afterwards went to a public-house, in Long-lane, Smithfield; by direction of him, I found two or three others there, the prisoner was one; I asked him if it was his job, or on commission, as I had not seen him for a long time; he said, it was; I asked him, if he wanted the money to day, he said, he did, particularly; I said Mr. Hughes was out, but I would endeavour to get a check for it, when he came in; I went home and back again, and paid him seventeen pounds odd, and a check for the next day, for twenty-eight pounds, the wool was five shillings a pound; I asked him why he did not come to Mr. Hughes, he said, he was dirty, he would call the next day; I sold it to Mr. Hughes by commission; the prisoner gave me a pound for my commission, I was to have had a guinea; I had had a sample from a person of the name of Jackson; I expected the wool on the 5th of August.


                  HENRY 
                  HUGHES
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 30, Cloth-fair, and am a woollen-draper, Stanton used to keep our books; On the 3d of August, he brought us a sample of wool, if I could sell it by the sample; I said, I would buy it; on the 5th of August, I saw a bag of wool, there was an X. No. 29, and R. on the bag, I gave Stanton a check for seventeen pounds twelve shillings, and a check for the following day for twenty-eight pounds; I sold the wool to Mr. Bartlett, and knew the bag, the wool was superior to the sample.


                  JAMES 
                  BARTLETT
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 84, London-wall, and am a dealer in wool; on the 6th of August, I purchased a sack of wool of Mr. Hughes, and sent it to Gerrard's-hall to a waggon; I don't know the mark, I conceive the value to be five shillings and three pence a pound, it is re-packed wool of different sorts, I gave five and three pence.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTONG
               



             sworn. - I am a Police-officer: On Friday the 5th of August, at ten o'clock at night, I went to the prisoner's house, he and his wife were at supper; I asked him, if his name was Williams, and if he had any Spanish wool in the house; he said, no, and the woman said, no; I said, I should search, he said, I was welcome; I went into the back-room, and saw the bundles; I turned them up, and said, here is some, he said, he thought it was cloaths; I took them and the prisoner into custody; I went to Stevens and to Hughes, and found the bag of wool; I heard of a check for twenty-eight pounds, and asked the prisoner for it, he said I might ask his wife for it, for it had been sold.


                  JOHN 
                  VICKERY
               



             sworn. - I am a Police-officer, and went with Armstrong, and found some bags, some up stairs, and some in the room where the prisoner was sitting; the prisoner said, they were given him by Mr. Jones, Mr. De la Torre's foreman.
MR. DE LA TORRE sworn. - I went with the officers to the prisoner, and saw the bags, and believe them to be mine.


                  JAMES 
                  BROOKE
               



             sworn. - I am a wool-broker, and have compared the wool in these bundles, with the wool in the bags, at the prisoner's; it corresponds perfectly, and is part of the same growth; the wool, in August, was sold for six shillings and sixpence per pound, wholesale.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Have you compared that with any wool you have purchased? - A. No; one pile makes between three and four hundred bags; I cannot say it is a part of that pile, but I have sold many bags for Mr. De la Torre; there are other importers of Leonisa wool, beside Mr. De la Torre.
The prisoner called ten witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
