





218. 
               
                  
                     MATTHEW 
                     COATES, otherwise 
PETER BATH





               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of January
, two brass candlesticks, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elias 
                     Corker
                  




               
            .


                  ELIAS 
                  CORKER
               



             sworn. - I keep the Bunch of Grapes in Little Paternoster-row




; On the 6th of January the prisoner came in and called for a pint of porter, and my servant came in to enquire of me if I had taken away a pair of candlesticks; I said no; and I immediately pursued the prisoner,and a gentleman who is here took him in Paternoster-row.


                  JOHN 
                  TOWNSEND
               



             sworn. - I am a dealer, in Spitalfields-market: I saw the prisoner running up West-street, into the market, and the landlord pursuing him, calling out stop thief; I laid hold of him the corner of South-street; he had his hat on when I saw him first; but he had lost it when I took him; I had lost sight of him two minutes I dare say, but I am sure he is the same person.


                  GEORGE 
                  CLARKE
               



             sworn. - I was standing in the market, talking with my fellow-servants; I saw the prisoner running, and as he ran past the tail of a cart, I knocked his hat off, and he dropped two candlesticks, which I picked up and gave to Mr. Corker.
Corker. I delivered them to the constable.(The constable produced the candlesticks, which were deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I never handled the candlesticks, or ever saw them.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 48.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
