





288. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     AKESS
                   alias 
AKERMAN





             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of April
, privily from the person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Sly
                        




                     
                  , three Bank of England notes, value 3 l. his property
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SLY
               



             sworn. - I live in Manchester-place, Kentish Town


: On the 8th of April there was a mountebank at the end of our town, me and my wife, and two or three friends, went up to look at him; about five o'clock the mountebank came about with tickets, we gave him a shilling a-piece for the ticket for prizes, they came about with the packet of prizes; I went to take the ticket that was in the packet, and reaching over to get it, I found myself hussled, one was rather before and the other behind me; I did not get the prize however, and there was a little gentleman on my left side; I had three Bank-notes in my pocket of one pound each, I looked down, and saw the three Bank-notes in the prisoner's hand; I said, you have picked them out of my pocket; directly he turned round, and went away, he was hussling them up in his handkerchief; I ran after him, and catched hold of him, and just as I had laid hold of him Mr. Whitehead came up, and after that the beadle came and laid hold of him by his arm; he asked me what I had lost; I said, three Banknotes; they fell to the ground, and Mr. Keen picked them up; he was taken to a room in a public-house, the next morning he was taken to Bow-street.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You had the curiosity to go and see the mountebank - there was a great crowd there? - A. Yes.
Q. You were hussled about? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you know you had lost your notes before the women told you? - A. There was a woman at the public-house who said she saw the prisoner pick them up.
Q. You do not recollect saying yourself to the woman that you did not know how you lost them? - A. I never did say that, I knew I had lost them.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  KEEN
               



             sworn. - I am a shoe-maker, I went up Kentish Town, I was outside of the ring, I saw the prisoner running from the ring, I ran and catched hold of him by the collar, to assist the prosecutor; he was hussling his handkerchief in his hand, and he threw down some paper, which I picked up; the prosecutor said he had lost some Bank-notes, the man was taken into custody; I produce the notes, the prosecutor said they were his; he said he had found them when we took him to the public-house.
Q. And the prosecutor said he had lost them? - A. Yes.
Q.(To Prosecutor.) Look at these notes? - A. I cannot swear to the number of the notes, I only swear that he took them out of my pocket, to the best of my belief, and that is the man.
Mr. Alley. Q. You do not mean to swear that he took them out of your pocket? - A. I will swear that his hand was against my pocket; I was not in the crowd, I was only behind.
Q. You paid a shilling, you said? - A. Not at that time, that was half an hour before; I never got the packages.


                  PETER 
                  WHITEHEAD
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: On the 8th of April, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I was in the field looking at the mountebank; I was outside of the ring, I saw Mr. Sly follow the prisoner at the bar, I went up to him; Mr. Keen, the former witness, was up to him; I asked the prosecutor what he had lost; he said, I have lost three one-pound notes; he had this handkerchief in his hand; when I spoke, he dropped down some paper, which the witness, Keen, picked up; I saw it opened, it was three pound notes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DONN
               



             sworn. - I was in Kentish Town standing with Mr. Sly, and my family were standing with me, where there were some people looking at the mountebank; I saw Mr. Sly following the prisoner at the bar, I saw him hussling an handkerchief, I thought he was trying to get his handkerchief; I ran up to him, he said the prisoner had taken his three one-pound notes.
Prisoner. I will call three witnesses, who saw me pick them up.


                  SARAH 
                  FARR
               



             sworn. - I am a married woman,my husband is a jeweller, I live at No. 1, Cox's-court, Gray's-Inn-lane.
Q. Had you the curiosity to go and see the mountebank? - A. Yes; I saw the prisoner after I had been in the ground some time.
Q. Have you seen him before? - A. Never with my eyes before.
Q. Did you observe any paper there? - A. I saw the paper, which I supposed to be notes, lay on the grass-plat, and I saw the prisoner pick them up; I had dropped a glove on the grass, and I saw there laid some notes.
Q. Why did not you pick them up? - A. I should have strove had not I a child in my arms.
Q. Did you see him apprehended? - A. No.
Q. Nor followed him after he had picked up the notes - what did you say? - A. I did not move from the place where I was.
Q. As you saw him pick them up, I should have thought you would have looked sharp, and cry halves? - A. I did not speak.
Q. You did not see Mr. Sly run after him, nor you did not see him till after he was apprehended - he was in the ring pretty close when he picked up the notes? - A. He was outside of the ring when he picked them up.
Q. You did not see any body lay hold of him at all? - A. No.


                  RICHARD 
                  DAWSON
               



             sworn. - I am a shoemaker.
Q. What is the prisoner? - A. He is a shoemaker; I was in company with the prosecutor's witness, Keen, I was with my wife and family, I saw a bustle all at once; I saw the prisoner stoop and pick up something, which I conceived was paper, I cannot say they were notes.
Q. Did you ever see Mr. Sly pursue him? - A. No; I knew the little man by sight, I had seen him at my brother's.


                  SARAH 
                  EWSTESS
               



             sworn. - I went to see the mountebank; I saw this little man come up across the fields at first.
Q. Did you know him? - A. I never saw him before in my life; he stood by us about half an hour, there was a young woman that dropped her glove, this little man stooped and picked them up first, or else I should have picked them up; I never saw him before, I only remarked he was a little neat man.
Q. How long after that did Mr. Sly follow him? - A. I cannot say; the little man walked away; we saw it so plain, I said, let us go up to the room, where they have taken him.
Q. You did not see him till after he was taken? - A. I did not, my attention was in seeing the tumblers.
Q. What are you? - A. I keep a broker's shop, in Cox's-court; I sell brokery, earthenware, glass, and old furniture.
Q. No old iron, china, glass and bottles? - A. Yes.
Q. And a little of every thing - Do you deal in old linen? - A. Very little.


                  MARY 
                  EWSTESS
               



             sworn. Q. Were you at this Mountebank's? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see any thing of the paper or notes? - A. I saw it lay on the ground; I saw the prisoner pick it up.
Q. Are you sure of it? - A. I am sure of that.
Q. Where is your mother's house? - A. No. 1, Cox's-court, Gray's-inn-lane.
Q. You are no acquaintance with the prisoner at the bar? - A. No.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
