





322. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of March
, a saddle and bridle, value 15s.
             the property of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Curzon
               




            , Esq.




                  ROBERT 
                  LUCAS
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Henry Curzon: On Wednesday, the 24th of March, I lost a bridle and saddle from a liverystable in Lower Duke-street, Manchester-square


, between six and eight o'clock in the evening; I found it the Saturday following, at No. 3, Swallow-street, at Mr. Helder's, a sadler and harnessmaker; I know the saddle to be my master's; the bridle has no particular mark, but I know it to be his.
Prisoner. Q. Did you ever see me in the house? - A. No.


                  ROBERT 
                  HELDER
               



             sworn. - I am a sadler, No. 3, Swallow-street; I bought this saddle and bridle of 
               
                  John 
                  Bell
               



            , on Wednesday, the 24th of March, about six o'clock in the evening; I gave him fifteen shillings for them; I knew him before when he was postilion, and afterwards coachman, to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Smith
               



             Burgess; he told me he had it of the groom: On the Saturday following Mr. Curzon claimed it; and, on the Saturday after that, the prisoner came again with another saddle to sell; I stopped him and sent for an officer; I had known him several years, and had never heard any thing amiss of him before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKSON
               



             sworn. - I am an officer(produces the saddle) - I was sent for to apprehend the prisoner; I delivered the saddle and bridle to Lucas; I marked it first, and afterwards Lucas delivered it to me again.(The property was identified by Lucas.)
Helder. This is the saddle and bridle that I bought of the prisoner; I marked them at the office.
Prisoner's defence. I bought this saddle of a man in the street, who was going to Yorkshire for some horses from the country. 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
