






499. 
               
                  
                     ROSE 
                     KITE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     WOOD
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of June
, six cotton handkerchiefs, value 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Waugh
                  




               
            .


                  MAURICE 
                  DOWLING
               



            . I am an apprentice to 
               
                  William 
                  Waugh
               



            , linen draper

No. 3, Goodge street


. On the 20th of June last, between eleven and twelve o'clock, the prisoner 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Wood
               



             came into my master's shop, and enquired the price of some check that was outside of the door; Mr. Waugh told them the price of the check; as soon as she knew the price of the check, she left the shop; immediately after which a noise was heard, which we supposed to be tearing the handkerchiefs outside of the window; I then went to the door. 
               
                  George 
                  Kettel
               



            , a witness, gave me some information; by his direction I went in pursuit of the prisoner; I saw 
               
                  John 
                  Alder
               



            , a shoemaker, standing at his stall, I requested him to assist me in securing the prisoner; he did so.
Q. Where were the prisoners - A. In Charlotte street, walking together very deliberately; the prisoner Rose Kite, went through Mr. Rolfe's shop, he keeps a potatoe warehouse; I secured Wood, and when Kite came out I secured her; we took them to my master's shop, and from there to the watchhouse; I took the the handkerchiefs from Kite; these are the six handkerchiefs; I know them to be my master's property; there is no mark on them; here are some handkerchiefs that match with them, that were left behind.


                  GEORGE 
                  KETTELL
               



            . As I was coming by the shop door I saw Kite tear them off and go round the corner into Tottenham Court Road; I stopped a bit, I saw Rose Kite and Wood running away as hard as they could; I told the people of the shop, and Mr. Waugh's apprentice went in pursuit of them; he met Alder in his way; he asked him to assist in taking the prisoners; he did so; the goods were found upon Rose Kite.


                  JOHN 
                  ALDER
               



            . By the desire of the first witness I went in pursuit of the prisoners; in a few seconds, I caught Rose Kite with the property upon her.
(The property produced and identified)
Wood's Defence. As I came down Goodge street, I asked the price of the check; I walked some distance from the shop; me and this young woman as we were looking at the check, a man asked us if we would have any thing to drink; he followed us and asked us to hold the handkerchiefs.
Kite's Defence. What she says is the truth.
KITE, - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
WOOD, - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
