





621. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 6th of August
 two pounds and a half weight of butter, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cook
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  COOK
               



            . Q. Do you live in Clerkenwell


 - A. Yes. On the 26th of August, between twelve and one o'clock at night, I was alarmed by the barking of a dog; I was in bed, I got out of bed, opened the window, and I looked in the front area, where I saw the prisoner with his hands in the butter safe; I called to him and asked him what he did there; he attempted to make his escape by climbing up the area wall. I then called the watch and sprang the rattle; which I heard answered in several places; it was a very fine moon light night; I directed the watchman where I saw him go; he turned down Weston street, which is the first turning. I presently heard he was taken.
Q. You do not pretend to say it was the prisoner by seeing of him - A. I do; I was about seven or eight yards from him; I was in the bed room on the second floor; he had a white jacket on. I should not have known him by his person.
Q. Did you miss any butter - A. Yes, two pound and a half; I saw the butter there the morning before the butter was gone, and the safe door was open.
- I am one of the patrols of Bow-street; I heard the rattle; I saw him coming down York street, Battle bridge, coming from Mr. Cook's, and eight or nine watchmen running after him; when I came up to him he knocked me down; I instantly got up and pursued him again; when I came to him again another ofmy brother patrol was struggling with him; we secured him and took him to the watchhouse. Two pounds and a half of butter was found upon him.


                  JOHN 
                  HAMER
               



            . I am a patrol of Bow street. At the time this affair happened I was standing at my own door, I heard the rattle, I saw him coming down York street; I met him in the road and knocked him down. On his person I found the butter.


                  JOHN 
                  WHITTAKER
               



            . I am beadle of Somer's town. The man was brought to me; he was with me all Sunday; on Monday morning he made his escape out of the watchhouse.
Prisoner's Defence. As I was going along this butter I picked up in the pathway.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Heath.
