








466. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  FREAKE
               



             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Askew
                        





                     
                  , on the 3d of May

, about the hour of ten in the night, and stealing a gun, value 3l.
             the property of the said James.
JAMES ASKEW sworn. - I am a gun-maker

, and live at No. 8, Dean-street, Red Lion-square



; I was out when the gun was lost.
ANN ASKEW sworn. - I am the wife of the last witness; between nine and ten o'clock on Tuesday the 3d of May, I was going down-stairs for coals; I went out at the shop-door into the passage, and 
               drew
             the door after me; I heard my sister scream aloud; I immediately ran back, and missed the gun out of the shop-window; I saw it about twenty minutes before; my husband came home about half an hour after, and I related to him how we had been alarmed.
Q.Was the door broke at all? - A.No, the door was shut and fastened with a slip-lock, which could be opened on the outside; there is a door out of the shop into the passage; I drew that slightly after me.
ELIZABETH-BOXLEY HUGHES sworn. - I live at No. 2, New-street, St. Giles's: On the 4th of May, about twenty minutes before eight in the morning, a person knocked at my door; I asked who was there; the prisoner answered, his name was Freake; I had seen him before; he came in, and said he wanted to see Thomas.
Q. Is that your husband? - A.It is a man I live with; he said, he had an article might suit him; I told him, he would be in in a quarter of an hour; he said, he could not stop, and desired me to tell him to come to a Mrs. Powell's, in Sutton-street, and if he did not find him there, he would find him at his own apartments; when Thomas Appleton came in, I told him of it; upon that Appleton went, and returned in half an hour, and said, he did not see him.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You live with Appleton? - A. Yes.
Q. He was taken up, and sent to prison? - A. Yes.
Q. After that, he said he had the gun of the prisoner? - A. I cannot say that; I saw the gun in the room in the afternoon.
Q. Do you recollect being at Bow-street? - A. Yes.
Q. Did not you offer the prisoner a duplicate of a gun? - A. No; he asked me where the duplicate of the gun was; I told him it was at home, and he said, you had better go, and make away withit; upon which, not knowing the consequence, I went and tore it to pieces, and threw it away; it was in my drawer; I never saw the prisoner afterwards.
Q.Do you know who pawned the gun? - A. Yes, Appleton.
Q.How do you know that? - A. Only by his own words.
Q. Did Appleton give you the duplicate? - A. No.
Did he put it in the drawer? - A. I don't know.
Q. He was admitted a witness for the Crown, and so were you? - A. Yes.


                  THOMAS 
                  APPLETON
               



             sworn. - On the 4th of May, I came home about eight o'clock in the morning, and Mrs. Hughes informed me that Mr. Freake had been up to my lodging; in consequence of her information, I went to Mrs. Powell's, the Falcon; I did not find the prisoner; I went to his apartment, and he was not at home; I then returned home, and mentioned that I had not seen him; I waited sometime, and then went back again with 
               
                  Edward 
                  Deacon
               



            ; I found him at home, and Deacon waited for me in the street; the prisoner Freake shewed me this gun (producing it), and asked me the value of it; I told him, in the state it was in, it was of very little value; he asked me to take it and repair it, and make the best of it I could.
Q. What trade are you? - A. A gun-maker; I repaired it, and offered it for sale to more than one or two, and could get no more than a guinea and an half offered for it; wanting some money, I afterwards pledged it; I went and informed him, I could get but a guinea and an half for it; he said, that would do very well; I was to be paid for the repairs, which was full the half of it, and we were to divide the money; I paid him 12s. in part of 15s. 9d. I went home, and took the gun to the pawnbroker's, and pawned it for two pounds; I did not see Freake for two days after; he then asked me when I would pay him the overplus money.
Q.Did you tell him you pawned it for two pounds? - A.No; I told him I would give it him in a few days; I saw him two days after, and he asked me for it; I told him I had not it about me.
Q. Did you ever pay him the remainder? - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. He offered to sell you the gun, and you told him it was worth but a guinea and an half? - A. Yes; I had repaired it.
Q.You knew the value of the gun? - A. Yes.
Q. You saw him two days after, and was honest enough to tell him you had received two pounds for it? - A. I did not.
Q. What repairs did you do? - A.There was a new lock.
Q. Did not you scratch the maker's name off? - A. No.
Q.Upon your oath, did not you say you scratched a name off the gun? - A.Off the barrel.
Q. Did not you put another name on? - A. The name of Oakes.
- PICKERING sworn. - I apprehended the last witness and Freake on Friday the 13th; I was sent by Mr. Bond to look after Appleton, a complaint having been made of Appleton pawning a gun that had been stolen; I knew him before; I went to his lodgings, and told him he must go with me; he asked, for what; I told him it was concerning a gun which he had pawned, which proved to be a stolen one; I brought him to the Office; he told me he had the gun of Freake; upon which, I told the Magistrate, and was sent, and apprehended Freake, and brought him to the Office, and they were both committed; the gun was stopped before at the pawnbroker's.


                  GEORGE 
                  HARDY
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker: On the 9th of May, I took this gun in pledge of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Appleton
               



            , and lent him two pounds upon it; there is Oakes on the gun, and Oakes on the lock.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. To be sure the gun was worth more, or you would not have lent forty shillings on it? - A.Certainly.


                  EDWARD 
                  DEACON
               



             sworn. - I called on Appleton on the 4th of May; he said he was going to Crown-street; I went with him, he turned into a court or yard on the left hand in Crown-street; I did not see him go into the house; I waited in the street for him, at the end of the yard; in about ten minutes, he came out with a gun upon his shoulder; I don't know the name of the yard; we went down Crown-street together, there we parted, and he went home with the gun.
Q.(To Hughes.). Where does Freake live? - A. Somewhere by Crown-street; I don't know the house.
WILLIAM RADCLIFF sworn. - On Friday, the 13th, I was at Bow-street; Mr. Bond ordered the pawnbroker to give the gun into my possession; Pickering went, and apprehended Appleton, and brought him to the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



            .(The gun produced, and identified by the prosecutor.)
Q.(To Askew.) Has your name been taken out? - A. Wood's name is taken out, and another name put in; it had no lock.
THOMAS ARMSLEY sworn. - I went with Pickering to apprehend Freake.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the gun till I saw it at the Office; what Appleton has been saying, is all a fable and falsity.



               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose

467. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  WILLIS
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of April

, six silver tea-spoons, value 18s. a silver seal, value 2s. a pair of breeches, value 26s. two silk handkerchiefs, value 10s. a neck handkerchief, value 1s. a waistcoat, value 8s. a shirt, value 3s. and a knife, value 1s. the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Uppington
                     





                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Ashley
                     



.


                  THOMAS 
                  UPPINGTON
               



             sworn. - I live with John Ashley, in Great Portland-street



, he is a butcher; I am servant

 to him: On the 25th of April, about five in the morning, my master and I went to Smithfield; on our return, 
               
                  Jane 
                  Smith
               



            , my fellow-servant, said, she had seen a man in the house; we did not miss any thing then. On Wednesday morning I went to my box for something, and found my box broke open; it was in the garret where I slept; out of the box I lost the different articles mentioned in the indictment; in the afternoon, I went round to several pawnbrokers, and found most of the property at Mr. Dobree's, the corner of Charlotte-street, Rathbone-place; behind the box I found a chopper, which I suppose it was broke open with; it has my master's name on it, it was taken from the area where we kill the sheep.
EDWARD-
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  TURNER
               



             sworn. - I am journeyman to Mr. Dobree, in Charlotte-street; I have some articles the prisoner pledged with me, on the 25th, 26th, and 27th of April; the first time I saw him was on the 25th.


                  JANE 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I live with Mr. Ashley: On the 25th of April, as I was standing in the kitchen, I saw the prisoner coming down stairs about half past seven o'clock, he was dressed as he is now; I am sure it was the prisoner; I did not see any thing he had with him.(The things were produced and identified by the prosecutor.)
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.
GUILTY, aged 21.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s.
            






               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
