





787. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of October
, a gold ring set with pearls, value 36s. three cornelian seals set in gold, value 3l. 3s. a pair of silver buckles, value 12s. a pair of other silver buckles, value 26s. a steel watch-chain, value 10s. a gold ring, value 3s. a silver thimble, value 1s. 6d. and a gold seal with a topaz, value 20s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Clarke
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  William-Boyce 
                  Clarke
               



            .
WILLIAM-BOYCE CLARKE sworn. - My partner's name is 
               
                  Richard 
                  Clark
               



            , we are silversmiths and jewellers

 in Cheapside; the prisoner was our porter
: On Monday the 13th of this month, John Dawson, a witness, called at my house, and shewed me a ring set with pearls; in consequence of which, I apprehended the prisoner, and my property was produced before the Lord-Mayor, which I can identify.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRYSON
               



             sworn. - I am a working-goldsmith; the prisoner sold me a gold seal, I cannot exactly say when, but it was immediately after the riots at Snow-hill; the prisoner told me he found it there, (produces it); I gave him nine shillings and sixpence for it, which is the full value of it, as old gold, for it is an engraved seal, and of no use to me as a workman.


                  JOHN 
                  BRIDGEN
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Barker, a pawnbroker in Houndsditch: On the 27th of September, a pair of silver buckles was pledged, but I am not positive that it was by the prisoner; I afterwards saw the duplicate at the Mansion-house; they were pawned for eight shillings.


                  RICHARD 
                  TIPPER
               



             sworn. - I am a city-officer: On Monday the 13th of October, in consequence of a warrant, I went to the prisoner's apartments, in company with Mr. Canner, the marshal; in searching the bed-room, we found a little deal-box, which was locked; I called the wife of the prisoner; she could not find the key, and we broke the box open; on searching the box, we found a pair of silver buckles, a steel chain, a silver thimble, a gold ring, and a duplicate of a pair of silver buckles; I shewed the duplicate to Bridgen, got the buckles, and took them to Mr. Clarke, and he claimed them.
Mr. Alley. Q. How do you know they were his apartments? - A. His wife was there.


                  JOHN 
                  READ
               



             sworn. - I was with the last witness; I know no more than he does.
Court. Q. Do you know that they were the prisoner's apartments? - A. No; only what his wife told me.
Q. How do you know it was his wife? - A. She passes for his wife.


                  JOHN 
                  DAWSON
               



             sworn. - I am a silver-manufacturer and jeweller: On the 9th of October, the prisoner brought this ring to me; he had, before the 9th, called, and told me it was a lady's ring that was pawned for a guinea and a half; it is a pearl ring; he said, he was to give half-a-guineafor the ticket; and, on the 9th, he came, and said, I should have it for two guineas and a half; I told him I would give him two pounds ten shillings; on the Monday following, I went to Mr. Clarke's, and he claimed the ring.
Q.(To Mr. Clarke.) Does any body know where the prisoner lived? - A. Yes, I myself.
Q.(To Tipper). Where did you get these articles that you have produced? - A. From a barber's shop upon Snow-hill, opposite St. Sepulchre's-church; I do not think there is any number to it.
Q.(To Clarke). Where did the prisoner lodge? - A. I only know from what my servants have told me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CANNER
               



             sworn. - I am one of the City-marshals: At the time the prisoner was taken to the Compter, he told me that his lodgings were at a hair-dresser's shop, at the top of Snow-hill, and I went with Tipper, according to his directions, to the first house on the left-hand, opposite the church-yard, where I saw a woman, who answered to his name, and I understood was his wife; he told me the person's name that kept the house, but I have forgot it.
(All the property was deposed to by the prosecutor, having his private shop-mark upon them, except the ring and the tumbler).
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You have a pretty extensive business? - A. Yes.
Q. I take it, when you sell things, you do not take off the shop-mark? - A. No.
Q.Therefore, I might have a ring with your mark to it, which I might have very honestly come by? - A. You might, if you bought one at my shop.
Prisoner's defence. Mr. Clarke came to me at the Compter, and said, he would shew me all the lenity that he could, if I confessed every transaction, which I did; Mr. Dawson has been a great deal more to blame than me; he has asked me many times for patterns of things, and he has influenced me very much. 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 33.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
