






492. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GRANT
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     HOMAN
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of February
, a cotton gown, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Matthews
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MATTHWS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker
, I live at No. 36, Wheeler-street, Spitalfields


. On Tuesday the 17th of February, about a quarter after seven in the evening, the prisoner Grant came to my shop, in company with a woman; he had a quill wheel, which is used in the silk manufactory; he put it down on the floor, and told me he wanted half a crown upon it; I told him I did not take them kind of articles in; while I was talking to him, my young man asked me if there was not a gown hanging opposite to him, I said yes; I got over the counter, and opened the door to see if I could see any body, I could see no one; the prisoner was in the shop all the time; I turned round to the prisoner, and desired him to take up his wheel and be off; he replied to me, do you think I have stole your gown; I told him if he had not stole it, those that came with him had. In the course of the evening I received information where the gown was pledged. The woman prisoner was not the woman that came into my shop with him; she was seen to carry something along from my door. The next morning I went to Mr. French, and describing the parties and the property; they produced it me.
Prisoner Why did not you take me in custody immediately; I did not rob him, nor the woman neither; the woman bought the gown, and gave seven shillings for it.
Court. Why did not you take him in custody immediately. - A. I did not conceive myself authorised in doing it till I had found the parties that had pledged it.


                  JOHN 
                  FRENCH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, White-row, Spitalfields. On the evening of the 17th of February, the two prisoners offered this gown and a handkerchief, to pledge; the woman produced them to me for six shillings and sixpence; which I advanced.


                  JOHN 
                  RAY
               



            . I received information of Mr. Mathews of the robbery of this gown. I have been a number of times after these prisoners. I took him at his lodgings with the woman that he cohabits with, in Holywell-street; upon her I found the duplicate of the gown and handkerchief.
(The property produced and identified.)
Grant's Defence. The prosecutor states that I robbed him of his gown. On that night he said that he had lost a gown; I said, Mr. Matthews, if you think I have robbed you of a gown, put me in charge of a constable. I told him that I came there, knowing that he took in working tools; he said no, be off about your business; I then said, I will be off. The man that was behind the counter, he said he saw two men come in, and one of them he believed had taken it; he went out to see, when he ordered me out, I said I will not go till your man comes back. I am innocent of robbing that man, and that he knows.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GRANT, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HOMAN, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
