





471. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BUCKLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of June
, two coats, value 2 l. a pair of breeches, value 15 s. and a waistcoat, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Catherine Middleton 
                           Wynne
                        




                     
                  , in her dwelling house
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Reynolds.


                  MARGARET 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . Q. On the 14th or 16th of June last were you the housekeeper to Mrs. Wynne. A. I was.
Q. Was the prisoner at the bar in her service at that time as coachman
. - A. He was; I was ordered by Mrs. Wynne to discharge him; she said she would have nothing more to do with him, and the next day when he came I desired him to deliver up his box great coat and his rough suit, his stable things, and I would discharge him and pay him his wages, which was one pound sixteen shillings.
Q. Do you know of your own knowledge where these things were kept, where did he sleep. - A. He slept at his mistresses's house, but he never kept his box or any of his clothes there; he kept his great coat in the stable.
Q. How is the stable situated to your dwelling house. A. There is no stable belonging to the house, it is a livery stable; he had all his livery on when I called him to discharge him.


                  JOHN 
                  ASH
               



            . Q. What are you. - A. I am a dealer in old clothes. On the 20th of June the prisoner brought me a box drab great coat, with livery buttons; I gave him two guineas and a half for it and two twopenny glasses of rum. On Tuesday he brought me a livery coat, waistcoat, and breeches; I gave him ten shillings for that suit; the great coat was nearly new; I asked him how he came by it, he said his mistress was gone to Ireland, and she had given him all the clothes. The officer came and took them away.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I did it just to support nature; I asked for my wages; she said she would not give me any; she would keep it to help repair the carriage. I told her if she did, I would make away with the clothes.
Mrs. Newman. What he has alledged is not true; I told him if he would deliver his clothes I would pay him his wages.
GUILTY, aged 30.




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
