





773. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     RICE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of September
, a silver watch, value 3l. a watch chain, value 3s. and a seal, value 2s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bowen
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOWEN
               



             sworn. - Q. Are you a single or a married man? - A. A married man
, I am a journeyman tin-plate worker
: On Friday the 26th of September, coming through Fleet-street about eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner asked me to give her a halfpenny towards some beer.
Q. Were you drunk or sober? - A. I was sober then; I said, what, are you in want of a half-penny? she said, yes, she was; I said, I was rather dry myself, we would go and have a pint together; she took me to a public-house, in Shoe-lane, the Red-hart, we had a pint of beer, and after we had drank that, she asked me to give her a drop of gin; I gave her some gin, which she drank, and I drank with her, for about an hour or two.
Q. You had got drunk by that time, I suppose? - A. A little freshisn; I then got up, with intent to go home to my lodging, she came out of doors with me, and went a little way with me; we were out some little time together, and then she went away from me, and I lost her; when she went from me, I felt for my watch, and missed it; I thought it was of no use to go back to look for her thatnight; I went in the morning to the public-house, and the landlord sent for a person that knew where the prisoner lived; then I got a constable, 
               
                  Edward 
                  Drewett
               



            , and I went with him, and we searched the prisoner's apartments, we found her there; I told him, that I was the woman, I am certain she is the same woman; I asked her to give me the property again; she said, she had not got it, she knew nothing of it; I said, you had better give it me, or worse trouble will come of it; she said, she knew nothing of it, and the constable searched about and found the duplicate of the watch; I went to the pawnbroker's upon snow-hill, and found my watch there without the chain and seal, the maker's name is Durham, Liverpool; I knew it again the moment I saw it; there are several bruises in it that I Know it by.
Prisoner. He gave me the watch to pawn.
Brwen. I did not give her the watch to pawn, upon my oath.
Q. Were you sober enough to know whether you did or not? - A. Yes.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not go with me to three places to get a guinea upon the watch? - A. I never went out of the house, till I went out with her.
Q. Is there any truth in that? - A. There is not. Prisoner. I gave him half a guinea that I got upon the watch.
Q. Is that true? - A. It is not; I never had any money from her.


                  EDWARD 
                  DREWETT
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: On Saturday, the 27th of September last, the prosecutor came to my house; I went with him to Red-lion-court, Saffron-hill, where we found the prisoner; the prosecutor said, that was the woman: he asked her for the watch; she said, she had not got it; I told her, she had better give me the watch, if she had got it; she said,she had not; I searched the room, and found three duplicates in the said of a tin saucepan, and underneath it, I found the duplicate of a watch, (produces it); I took the prisoner to the Compter; I then went to the pawnbroker's, and found the watch; the prosecutor claimed it.


                  JOHN 
                  MERRITT
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Cordy, No. 79, Snow-hill: On saturday morning, the 27th of September, between eight and nine in the morning, a man pledged this watch (producing it) for twenty-seven shillings and sixpence; it is a silver watch, with a steel key to it, and a bit of ribbon.
Q. Look at that duplicate? - A. It is a duplicate of this watch.
Jury. (To Bowen.) Q. What time did you go into the house in Shoe-lane? - A. About eight o'clock.
Q. How long did you stay? - A. About an hour or two.
Q. Cannot you tell within an hour? - A. About an hour and a half.
Q. Which way did you go, when you came out of the house? - A. Down shoe-lane.
Q. Between ten and eleven o'clock, I suppose? - A. Yes.
Prisoner's defence. He gave it to me to pledge for him, and we went to several places till twelve o'clock at night; I pledged it for him, and he wanted at the door; we had drank a great deal of gin, and I was so very much intoxicated, that I do not know how I got home; when I waked in the morning, I was laying upon the bed with my clothes on, and I had never been out from that time till the constable came.



               GUILTY
            , (Aged 29.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
