





114. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of November
, two pair of silver salts, value 6s. a gold seal, value 1l. twenty-four silver handled forks, value 20l. two silver tish knives, value 4l. a silver soup-ladle, value 30s. a pair of silver sugar-tongs, value 9s. a silver snuffers-stand, value 30s. four silver saltspoons, value 12s. a silver salled-fork, value 1l. four silver sauce-ladles, value 2l. twelve silver tea-spoons, value 2l. eighteen silver table-spoons, value 10l. two silver watches, value 6l. and two silver snuff-boxes, value 2l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Grey
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREY
               



             sworn. - I am a jeweller
, and live in Bond-street


, the prisoner was my shopman
; in consequence of suspicion and information, I went to a pawnbroker, and got a plain silver snuff-box, which I missed about the 17th of November, and which I am sure is my property.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. This young man, after this unfortunate transaction, did all he could to lead to a recovery of the property? - A. Yes, he did.


                  GEORGE 
                  TURNER
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, and know the prisoner; he brought a silver snuff-box, and pledged it in the name of 
               
                  Emma 
                  Carey
               



            , for a guinea; this is the box. (Produces it.)
Prisoner's defence. With respect to this, I am aware of what I am guilty; I was very uneasy, and left Mr. Grey's house; I wrote a letter, offering to give the Christmas-box in payment, and was willing to give every information in my power, to which he put an advertisement in the paper, appointing an interview; I went, and he told me he was sorry such a thing had happened, and was glad I came forward to give such an explanation; he asked me what I would do; I said, if he thought proper, I would surrender; he said, there was no occasion, for he was satisfied; something I have been asked to confess to, but cannot, because I don't know them; other people, finding my unfortunate situation, have taken advantage of it.
GUILTY, aged 23.




               Of stealing to the value of one guinea
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
