





141. 
               
                  
                     ANDREW CHRISTIAN 
                     INSTROM
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 31st of January
, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Shedric 
                        Ruach
                     



                  , three guineas, a seven shilling piece, and a bank note, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Waring
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  WARING
               



             sworn. I lodge in St. Catherine's


, at Mr. Ruach's.
Q. Does any body else lodge in the same room with you. - A. Yes, three men lodge in the same room, 
               
                  John 
                  Fig
               



            , the prisoner, and myself. I am a single man, I had a chest in the room in which was a five pound note, three guineas, and a seven shilling piece in gold, and one bad shilling.
Q. Was that all the money that you had in the chest. - A. No; I had seen it the day before in the chest, I went out about four o'clock in the afternoon, and returned at half past four, I went up to my room, and missed about eight pounds; I found my other notes in the chest.
Q. Was the chest opened or locked when you examined it. - A. Open, I had the key of the chest.
Q. Among the money that you lost was there any so marked that you should know it again. - A. There was one guinea that I can swear to, I had it of 
               
                  John 
                  Fig
               



            .
Q. When. - A. I do not know the time.
Q. What other property was there in the chest, was it to a large amount. - A. No, it was thirty pounds, the notes that I lost were laying by themselves.
Q. Was that in any way concealed in the chest that was remaining. - A. No.
Q. It was as easy to come at as the money that you lost. - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  FIG
               



             sworn. Q. You lodge in the same room with the prosecutor. - A. Yes, we all three lodged together, the prisoner, the prosecutor, and myself.
Q. Do you remember at any time paying any money to Waring. - A. Yes, on the Sunday before I paid him a guinea, and he gave me a shilling back, I owed him twenty shillings, it was a bent guinea, he refused it, he thought it was not a good one, I told him I would give him another if he did not like it, so he took particular notice of it; the prisoner was searched by the servant maid.
Q. Was 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Ruach
               



             there. - A. Yes, they found two guineas, a half guinea, and two seven shilling pieces on him.
Q. Could you swear to either of the guineas. - A. No.
Q. When you searched the prisoner did he make any resistance. - A. Yes, he made a stout resistance, then I laid hold of him as well as the mistress.
Q. Who took care of the money. - A. Mrs. Ruach.


                  SARAH 
                  RUACH
               



             sworn. Q. Do you know the prisoner. - A. Yes, he lodged at my house, in the same room with the prosecutor and this young man.

Q. Do you remember Waring going from his lodgings that afternoon. - A. Yes, he went out of the house that afternoon, but I did not take particular notice of the hour, I knew it was late in the afternoon.
Q. Did you hear any noise in his room. - A. Yes, I was up one pair of stairs, I heard a noise in Waring's room I asked who was there; the prisoner said it is me; I went into the room, the prisoner was then sitting on the prosecutor's chest.
Q. What sort of a noise was it. - A. It appeared to be lifting up something and letting it down again, I asked him what he was about, he seemed flurried and made me a foolish answer, said he was playing by himself; I came down stairs, and he followed me immediately, he went into the tap-room and I went into the bar and told my husband what I had heard. At the time there was a man that came into the taproom that fells pies, he came to the bar and asked change for a shilling; I examined the shilling, it was a bad one; I returned it to him; I watched him into the tap-room to see who he gave it to; I see him give it to the prisoner.
Q. Did you hear what he said to the prisoner. - A. No; he returned again to me, and asked change for a guinea, my husband gave him change for the guinea; I watched him into the taproom, he gave the change to the prisoner, we was very much alarmed, we called the prisoner out to ask him how he came by that money.
Q. How came you to be alarmed. - A.Because I knew that the prisoner had no money, nor had he any for some time, we asked him how he came by the money, he denied having any, we searched him.
Q. Who assisted in searching him. - A. This young man, the witness, the servant and myself (my husband was not present) we found two guineas upon him, half a guinea, two seven shilling pieces, two guineas, two shillings and sixpence in silver, and a few halfpence; I took care of the money, and delivered it to Mr. Griffiths the officer.
Q. You told us that you was alarmed, because the prisoner had no money; how did you know that. - A. Because five or six weeks before that my husband shipped him in a West Indiaman, he received a month's pay before he went; he returned again in little more than five weeks, and what money he took of the captain he had spent in coming home; he said he was discharged at Portsmouth; the captain gave him half a guinea, which he said brought him up, he said he had no money.
Prisoner. Q.(to witness) Who am I to blame for this; did you see me go to that mans chest. - A. I did not see you go there, I saw you sit there.
Court. Q.(to witness) Did you find any bank notes upon him. - A. No, he took something out of his pocket and put in his mouth, which he swallowed; we concluded it was the notes.
Q. What time of the evening was it that you searched him. - A. It was late in the afternoon, Waring was out at the time.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. I am an officer, I produce the money which I took of Mrs. Ruach; I took the prisoner in custody; here is two guineas, one is bent, a half guinea, two seven shilling pieces, two shillings and six-pence in silver, and seven pence halfpenny in halfpence, which I gave him to buy him some bread and cheese in the morning; the two shillings and sixpence are good money.
Q.(to Mrs. Ruach) Whether that money that you gave the constable was the money that was taken out of the prisoner's pocket. - A. It was.
Q. Do you know whether one was a bent guinea. - A. I did not take notice.
Prosecutor. This guinea I can swear to.
Jury. Q. You only know it by its being crooked. - A. That is all.
Prisoner's Defence. I have to say I have lost things in that house myself, I did not know where it went to. I lost one shirt the first day I came there, from inside the parlour, and the second shirt I lost was inside of the bar, and when I enquired about the shirt, the landlady said to my face, I had taken it out; I had not, why should I deny it, it was my own; if I had heaved it in the fire it was nothing to nobody. I know nothing about this charge, I got half a guinea from my captain, and half a guinea I had. I had two guineas and two seven shilling pieces given me in a bit of paper, when I went into the boat, as I was sick, I paid seven shillings to come up in the coach, and a shilling for the passage boat, and five pence I spent by the way, for a pot of beer; that woman says she knew I had no money; I gave her servant a seven shilling piece to change, she owes me a shilling of it now, I am in want of it.
GUILTY aged 26.
Of 


               stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Sutton
               



            .
