





81. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SAVEALL, alias 
PALMER




            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of October
, 2400 pounds of potatoes, value 7l. 4s. and twelve hempen sacks, value 12s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Tuck
                  




               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  ROBERT 
                  OSBORN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am apprentice to Mr. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Tuck
               



            , at Tottenham High Cross; the prisoner was his his carter
; he is a carpenter and farmer
.
Q. Does he raise vegetables for the London market? - A. Yes: On Tuesday, the 28th of October, about ten minutes before two o'clock in the morning, I delivered to the prisoner a team of three black horses, with twelve sacks of potatoes; I gave him a note for Mr. Robert Coleman, potato-salesman, in Covent-garden market, and two half-crowns to bear his expences on the road.
Court. Q. Could he read? - A. I do not know, he had been there before with notes.
Q. Mr. Coleman is your master's salesman? - A. Yes; he went away immediately in a direction for London.
Q. Did you ever know this man by the name of Palmer? - A. No.
ROBERT COLEMAN sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a factor, in Covent-garden market; I know the prisoner, he was in Mr. Charles Tuck's service.
Q. Did the prisoner, on the 28th of October, bring you any potatoes from Mr. Tuck? - A. No, I expected a load; I received a load on the 29th, with a letter.
Q. Did the load you expected on the 28th ever come to you at any time since? - A. It did not.
Q. Did you see the prisoner that day? - A. I did not.
CHARLES TUCK sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I live at Tottenham; the prisoner lived with me in the name of John Saveall.
Q. Did you ever know him by the name of Palmer? - A. Not till I apprehended him: On the 28th of October I sent twelve sacks of potatoes to London, for Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Coleman
               



             to sell for me; in consequence of information that I received, I sent after the prisoner that day; I traced him as far as Old Ford, I could not trace him any further, it is a direct contrary road from that to Covent-garden market; I saw the cart and horses the nextday in the possession of the officers of Lambeth-street; I heard nothing of the potatoes till the 21st of November; I had information that the prisoner was at chatham barracks; I found him there as a marine, in the name of John Palmer: my brother, Thomas Tuck, was with me; when he was brought into the Serjeant-major's office, he said, he did not know any thing of me, he never saw me in his life, and he was sure I must be mistaken in the name; I told him, I hoped he would come to his recollection before morning.
Q. Did you make him any promise of favour if he would confess, or threaten him if he did not? - A. I promised him all the favour the law would give him; he told me in the morning tht he had sold the potatoes to three ostlers at Mile-end, 
               
                  Richard 
                  Butler
               



            , Thomas Case, and Thomas welch; I secured him, and brought him to town.
Prisoner's defence. I have nothing to say, but I sold them to these three persons. 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
