





472. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of June
, a watch, value 3l. a watch chain, value 6d. and a seal, value 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Shaw
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of Dame-Ann Barker
            , widow.


                  JOHN 
                  SHAW
               



             sworn. - I am groom to Mr. Harris, nephew to Lady-
               
                  Ann 
                  Barker
               



            , in Yorkplace, Baker-street, Portman-square


: On the 4th of June, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I left my watch hanging upon a nail over the dresser, in a kitchen; the prisoner is a butcher's servant, he was not gone five minutes before the watch was missing, I went after him, and brought him back, the watch was found tied up in the crown of his hat.
 - sworn. - I am cook to Lady-
               
                  Ann 
                  Barker
               



            , this watch was lent to me by the groom; the prisoner came in with a loin of lamb, the watch was then hanging up in the kitchen; I asked him if he would have some beer, he said, yes; I went to draw it, and when I came back, I missed the watch; I went to his master's house, and brought him back, it was found in the crown of his hat; I don't know who pays the taxes.(
               
                  William 
                  Blackman
               



            , an officer, produced the watch, which was identified by Shaw.)
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called three witnesses, who gave him a good character. GUILTY, aged 19.




               Of stealing the watch, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
