





258. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LOVETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 5th of April
, three pair of shoes, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Molloy
                        




                     
                  , privately in her shop
            .


                  MARY 
                  MOLLOY
               



             sworn. I am a widow
, I live in High-street, St. Giles's


, I keep a shoemaker's shop
. On Saturday the 5th of April, between four and five o'clock, the prisoner came and tried on a great many pair of shoes, he said none of them fitted; he was going out of the shop, I went round the counter, and missed a pair of shoes that were on a box before he came in; there was another young man in the shop before the prisoner came in, and when the prisoner came in he went out without buying, I looked when he went out, and saw him leave the shoes that he had been trying on on the box, and when the prisoner was going out I asked him for the shoes, he said they were on the counter, I said they were not, I took hold of him by the collar, and said that he had some shoes; he came in again, and took three pair of shoes out of his pocket, and threw them on a chair, I talked loud, which gave an alarm, a neighbour came up (Mr. Cooper), he secured the prisoner, and took him to Marlborough-street, I took the shoes at the same time, the magistrate was not then sitting, I brought the shoes home again, the prisoner was put backwards at the office, I attended there again at night by the magistrate's order; I gave the shoes to 
               
                  John 
                  Warren
               



             the officer. (The shoes produced and identified by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went into the shop to buy these shoes to take into the country with me, I was bargaining with her for the price of them, she said you have got three pair, no, I said, I have got four pair, I mean to give you so much money for them, she said I wanted to rob her, I said I did not, she immediately collared me, and struck me over the eye with one pair of them, I directly took the shoes out of my pocket; there were two women in the shop, one of them took my hat away, and then they sent for an officer.
Q. (to prosecutrix) Who was in the shop. A. None but myself serving in the shop, only two women came in while he was there to buy some shoes, and two of my children.
Q. Had he bargained with you for these shoes. - A. No.
Q. Did you see him take these shoes. - A. No.
GUILTY, aged 32.




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
