





303. 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of February
, five cotton shawls, value 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Powdich
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRAIG
               



            . I am an officer. On the 19th of February last I was going up Holborn, near six o'clock in the evening on the 19th of February last; the prisoner at the bar was running very fast near to the end of Chancery lane; I looked after her, and underneath her bedgown I saw the fag end of something hanging out; I ran after her and laid hold of her, I asked her what she had got, she said what was that to me, she had nothing but what was her own; I said I am sure it is not your own, I will endeavour to find an owner for it. I went into Mr. Powdich's, and he and one of his shopmen said that was the piece of shawls that hung on the roller a few minutes before. I then unwrapped it from around her body, where it had been.


                  THOMAS 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am shopman to Thomas Powdich, linen draper
, 294, High Holborn in the parish of St. Andrew


.
Q. Has he any partners. - A. No, he has none; near seven o'clock the officer Craig brought the prisoner to our shop.
Q. Was these shawls wrapped round her at that time. - A. They were.
Q. Look at these shawls, do you know whose property they are. - A. They are Mr. Powdich's, I know them from a private mark; I had seen them about half an hour before, they were hanging on a bar, found the door inside of the shop; the door opens inwards, it is a circular door, the whole of the property was within the shop; I put out the shawls myself,they were not so far out as the door post, they were as far as a foot from the door post.
Q. Who served in the shop besides you. - A. There were two more, they are not here; I had not seen this woman nor missed the things before they were brought back.
Q. What is the prime cost. - A. Fifteen shillings.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going down Holborn between six and seven in the evening, I saw these shawls laying in a paper a little below Chancery-lane; I took them up and put them in my apron; the man came up and asked me what I had, he said he suspected I had taken them; I said I had not; they took me at last to the shop, where they owned them.
GUILTY, aged 20.




               Of stealing the goods, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Lawrence.
