





162. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MICHINER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               making an assault in the King's highway, upon 
                     
                        James 
                        Jennings
                     




                  , on the 15th of January
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, a metal watch, value 2l. 2s.
             the property of the said 
               
                  James 
                  Jennings
               



            .


                  JAMES 
                  JENNINGS
               



             sworn. - I am coachman to Surgeon Sharpe
, of Fulham: About half past twelve on Thursday night, I was going through Panton-street, in the Haymarket, and saw a public-house open; I was going to have a glass at the bar, as I had to go to Fulham; there were two women and a man near the house; and the prisoner asked me if I would give her a glass; I said, I did not mind, as it was a very cold night, and we all went in together; I gave the woman a glass, and we all came out pretty near together; she stood next to to me, on the right hand of the other woman, and the man stood on the other side of me; she caught my watch out by force, and I saw no more of it; I laid hold of her, and she was taken to the watchhouse; she said, she had not got it; I am sure shetook it, but don't know what she did with it; I was sober enough to know what she did; I had not drank much to hurt; I saw no more of the other man and woman; they were gone after she took the watch.


                  PHILIP 
                  PILGRIM
               



             sworn. - I am constable of St. Martin's: Between twelve and one, the prisoner was brought in. charged by the prosecutor with robbing him of his watch; I searched her, but found only a half-crown piece; I asked her what she had done with it; she said, she knew nothing of it; I asked her who was the other girl; she said, she knew nothing of her, but that she walked the Haymarket; she appeared much intoxicated; next morning she said, the other girl said to her, he has got a watch, draw him of it, and give it to me; and that she did take it out of his pocket, and give it her. 


               GUILTY of stealing only
            , aged 23
         




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
