





53. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MANSFIELD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of December
, twelve pounds weight of pewter, value 6 s. three quires of cartridge paper, value 2 s. 6 d. and a quire of demy paper, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        Fulchram 
                        Moorgues
                     



                  ; and a knife, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Bassooth
                  



               
            .
FULCHRAM MOORGUES sworn. - Did you lose any pewter and paper on the 3d of December? - A. Yes; I was in the country at the time.


                  JOHN 
                  MULLINER
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Moorgues, No. 9, Vine-buildings, Leather-lane, Holborn


, the prisoner was a labourer
: On Monday, the 3d of December, I had reason to suspect somebody had taken away some metal; in the evening I counted sixty-one pieces, they were rims of dishes, and I watched this man as narrow as I could, I suspected him; he went off at a quarter after seven instead of eight o'clock, he wished me a good night; I went back immediately and counted over the metal, and found fifty-eight; I immediately pursued him, and took 
               
                  John 
                  Pool
               



             with me; I overtook him in the way from Brook-street to Castle-court, he was crossing the way; I desired him to come back, and I said he had got my master's property about him; he said very little, only begging me to let him go; and I walked a little way up the street before he saw my friend Pool, and as we were coming along, he said he would deliver it up to us if we would let him go.
Q. Did he say, or you, what he had at that time? - A. No, I did not tell him what I had missed at that time; we brought him back to the accompting-house, and there he pulled out two pieces of what I had missed, and he delivered them before we sent for a constable.
Q. Where had he these pieces about him? - A. In his breeches-pocket, or in his breeches; and in a short time after he came in, he got the other pieces down on the floor.
Q. What might they all weigh together, the three pieces? - A. About three pounds.
Q. What is the worth of it? - A. About half-a-crown; it is worth ten-pence a pound.


                  JOHN 
                  POOL
               



             sworn. - Q. Are you a workman of Mr. Moorgues? - A. Yes; I went with the last witness and brought him back to the warehouse, he desired to be let go, and he said he would give up what he had got.

Q. Did he say what he had got at that time? - A. He took a piece of pewter, a rim of a dish, out in the street, he had it in his hand, and when we took him into the accompting-house he put it on the desk; the foreman asked him if he had any more; he said, no; he felt his jacket, and he felt something in his jacket-pocket, he desired me to take it out; I did, it was a rim of another dish; the constable was sent for, and he was going to be taken away, a person asked him for his hat, and handed it to me; I felt it very heavy, and turned it up, and out fell six round pieces of pewter, which was about six pounds weight; the third rim we afterwards found in the accompting-house near where he stood, on the floor.
Q. Did you find any cartridge, or demy paper? - A. That we afterwards found in the accompting-house.


                  JAMES 
                  RUNDLE
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: I was sent for to take charge of this man, on the 3d of December, about eight o'clock in the evening; on the day following I searched his lodgings, I produce the property I found there.
Q.(To Mulliner.) Are these pieces of pewter such as are manufactured in your master's manufactory? - A. Yes; I believe them to be my master's property.
Prisoner's defence. I leave it to the mercy of the Court; I have a large family, four small children.



               GUILTY
            , aged 51.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
