






779. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROLLS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  ABRAHAM-JOSEPH 
                  HAMMERTON
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of October
, a hempen sack, value 1s. 6d. and four bushels of barley, value 22s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Cook
               



            .
Second Count. For stealing like goods, the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Fielder
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  COOK
               



             sworn. - I live at Twickenham; I am a common brewer and maltster
; the two prisoners were hired as porters

 to unload the barley: On Monday, the 12th of October, I had on board a barge belonging to 
               
                  William 
                  Fielder
               



            , twenty-nine quarters of barley, which I bought of Giles and Farringdon, on the 7th, at Bear-Key market.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FIELDER
               



             sworn. - I am a lighterman
; I know nothing of the loss myself, I was in town.
MARY ORCHARD sworn. - On the 12th of October, I saw the prisoners take a full sack, but what was in it I did not know; they put it in the head of the barge, and I acquainted Mr. Cook with it.
Cook. In consequence of this woman's information, I went on board the lighter, and found a sack or barley concealed under the sore-sheets of the barge, covered with a rope, two bundles of empty sacks, and two hurdles; Rolls denied it stoutly; Hammerton, I can scarcely say, did deny it; he was very modest about it.

Q. Did he say any thing about it? - A. No, he did not.
Mr. Knapp. The sack, containing the barley, was never moved out of the barge? - A.No.
Q.Did you take up these men? - A. Yes; they absconded upon my taking out a warrant.
Q. Upon your oath, did they not come voluntarily to the Magistrate, and surrender themselves? - A. I cannot speak to that fact; I believe they did not.
Q. Don't you know that they came without any constable? - A. I know that they did not; I charged a constable, and the constable came with them.
Court. Q.(To Fielder.) Had you any other barley besides Mr. Cook's? - A. No.
Q.Whose sacks were they? - A. Mine.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMS
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Fielder; I was at the loading; there were twenty-eight quarters and six bushels of barley.
The prisoners left their defence to their Counsel.
Rolls called one, and Hammerton two witnesses, who gave them a good character.
Rolls, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.
Hammerton, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
