





19. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PERKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of October
, two shawls, value 25s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Roberts
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERTS
               



             sworn. - I am a linen-draper
 in Holborn


; I was not at home at the time of the loss.


                  JOHN 
                  CROFT
               



             sworn. - I am articled to Mr. Roberts: On Friday, the 29th of October, between three and four o'clock, the prisoner came into the shop to look at some Norwich shawls; he asked me the price of some at the door; I desired him to walk in; after looking some time he fixed upon two, I shewed then to him on the counter; there were two ro three ladies in the shop, and two other young men belonging to us, one of them is here; he asked me the lowest price of those two shawls, I told him two guineas and a half; he said he would give me 2l. 6s. 6d.; I told him I could not take it; as he was going out I looked at the shawls and missed one; our young man in the shop hearing me say I missed one, immediately said, hollea, that will not do; I turned round, and saw the young man having hold of the prisoner, and two shawls in the crown of his hat; I immediately took; the two shawls out of the hat and sent for a constable; one of them cost 19s. 6d. and the other 18s. 6d.; they were neither of them the shawls he asked the price of.
FRANIS COLE sworn. - I was standing very near the last witness; I heard him say I have missed a shawls; I immediately kept my eye on the prisoner, and he took up shawl with his left hand and shook it as if he was seeking for the one that was lost; his hat was then on his head, which had before been on the counter: he then slipped his hat from his head; I then observed the corner of a shawl in his hat; I then snatched his hat and found two shawls in it; they were both crammed in very tight; I then sent for a constable; he asked me if I thought he intended stealing them; I said, from his manner, I did not doubt it.(
               
                  John 
                  Lee
               



            , a constable, produced the shawls, which were identified by Mr. Roberts and the other two witnesses.)
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that he was a sailor, that on the day of the offence having been committed he met with some shipmates, with whom he had been drinking to intoxication, that he had no intention of committing felony, and that he has been in the navy nineteen years.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character. GUILTY, aged 35.
Of 


               stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
