






662. 
               
                  SAMUEL, alias 
                        
JOHN 
                        CROSS
                     
               




            , and 
               
                  JOHN, alias 
                        
EDWARD 
                        EDWARDS
                     
               




            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of August
, ten yards of kerseymere cloth, value 30s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George William 
                     Goodey
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAM
               



             GOODEY sworn. - I am a man's-mercer
, No. 14, Bedford-court, Covent garden


: On Friday, the 7th of August, about eight o'clock in the morning, I was called down stairs, and informed a piece of cloth had been stolen.
JAMES WIGHTMAN sworn. - On the 7th of last month I was passing through Bedford-court, about eight o'clock in the morning, I observed the prisoner, Cross; to the best of my remembrance, the prisoner, Edwards, but I do not mean to swear to him, and a third man; I saw Cross, and the man that I take to have been Edwards, go into the shop of the prosecutor; they staid about five minutes, during which time I was in the house of a young man, now in Court, nearly opposite; Cross came out with a roll of kerseymere, I immediately collared him, and he let the kerseymere drop; the person that I believe to be Edwards was with him; immediately upon my collaring Cross, the other two ran away; a scuffle ensued; he said, if I would let him go quietly back he would, and he did; he denied having had the kerseymere; two or three people came up, and he walked with me to the prosecutor's.(The property was produced and identified by Mr. Goodey).


                  RICHARD 
                  WILLIAMS
               



             sworn. - On Friday, the 7th of August, Mr. Wightman came in, and requested to sit upon the counter a few minutes, as he suspected three men were going to rob some of the opposite neighbours; after sitting a short time, I saw the prisoner, Cross, come out of Mr. Goodey's shop, and the prisoner, Edwards, with him; I took particular notice of both, and Edwards particularly.
WILLIAM-
               
                  OAKLEY 
                  BUCK
               



             sworn. - I was in Mr. Goodey's shop alone; the two prisoners came into the shop about eight o'clock in the morning to buy some cotton; they staid in the shop about five minutes; this kersymere was upon the right hand counter; I was behind the left hand counter, when I was serving them with the cotton; Edwards threw down 1s. 6d. to pay for the cotton, and while I went into the passage to get change, Cross was gone away with the kerseymere, and I did not know any thing of it till I heard the cry of stop thief.
Q. How long were you gone? - A. About three minutes; when I came back, both the prisoners were gone.
Cross's defence. I have nothing to say, any more than I know nothing of the man that stands by the side of me.
Edwards's defence. I know nothing of this man; I was taken five weeks after the robbery was done. Cross, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.
Edwards, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 16.





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Hotham.
