






547. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     PERKINS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of August
, a silk handkerchief, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Nichols
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  NICHOLS
               



             sworn. - I am an ironmonger
, I live in Cow-lane: On the 8th of August I was informed by 
               
                  Robert 
                  Hardy
               



             that my pocket had been picked of a silk handkerchief; I immediately felt in my pocket, and missed it; he said he followed the men all up Chick-lane


, and he saw one of them take it out of my pocket, and that he knew the house they used on Saffron-hill, and if I would get an officer he would point them out to me; in Hatton-garden I felt the handkerchief in my pocket, and between Hatton-garden and Cow-lane I lost it.
Q. Did you ever find your handkerchief again? - A. No, not at all.
ROBERT HARDY sworn. - I am a shoe-maker, I live on Saffron-hill; I saw these two men follow the gentleman from the corner of Shoe-lane into St. John's-court, just by Holborn, in the way to Cow-lane.
Q. Did you know them before? - A. I have seen them at the Distillers Arms public-house just facing where I live; I saw Perkins put his hand into the gentleman's right hand pocket, and take out his handkerchief; Thompson was along with him at the time; when Perkins had taken the gentleman's handkerchief out of his pocket, he put it in his bosom, and they both ran away down St. John's-court into Chick-lane.
Q. Are you sure these are the two men? - A. Yes, I am certain of it, and I informed the gentleman of it; as I was going home I saw Thompson go down Field-lane; he went into a shop, and offered the handkerchief for sale.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of Hatton-garden: On the 8th of August, from information, I went to the Distillers Arms, Saffron-hill; the prisoners were pointed out to me; I did not find any thing on them; when I handcuffed them, they said, if ever they got their liberty, they would take away the boy's life.
Perkins's defence. I belong to the Tower-hamlets; I had just come from my regiment, and finding nobody at home I went up to the Distillers Arms to get a pint of beer; the boy first pointed out another man; I was then in the yard, and the boy pointed out me afterwards, and said, that is him.
White. He made his escape through the back window into the privy when he saw us.
Thompson's defence. I am totally innocent of the crime; I am very well informed that Mr. White bribed the boy, and promised to buy him a hat if he would swear the same at the Old-Bailey; he gave him sixpence then.
White. I gave him sixpence to buy him some bread and cheese; the boy was hungry, and had no money: I never promised him any thing.
Thompson, GUILTY, aged 28.
Perkins, GUILTY, aged 24.
Of 


               stealing only
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
