






559. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     ROBBERTS
                  , alias 
SQUIRES




            , and 
               
                  JOHN-RICHMOND 
                  ORANGE
               



            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of August
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Bell
                     



                  , a silver watch, value 40 s. a tobacco box, value 6 d. six shillings, and fourteen one-pound notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Dix
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  DIX
               



             sworn. - I am a journeyman baker
, out of place, I was at 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Bell
               



            's, the Unicorn, at Hoxton


, when I lost my property, on the 30th of August; I cannot say the time of the day, I was in liquor, the property was in my pocket before; I lost it on that day, I had fourteen pounds in one-pound notes, a tobacco box, some odd silver, and a silver watch; I had seen them that morning.
Q. When did you miss them? - A. I did not miss them; I had been to sleep in the tap-room, at the Unicorn, at Hoxton, about eight or nine o'clock, I went in there.
Q. Were you sober enough to recollect the time that you awoke? - A. No.
Q. Was it in the middle of the night? - A. No, it was about eleven o'clock when I awoke, as nigh as I can recollect.
Q. Did you find any of your property then? - A. No, it was all gone.
Q. Before you went to sleep, had you seen either of the prisoners at any part of the day? - A Yes, I had seen 
               
                  Edward 
                  Roberts
               



            , he was a journeyman baker out of place; he had been drinking with me.
Q. Was he as much in liquor as you were? - A. He might, I cannot say; he was in the room when I went to sleep.
Q. What do you know of the other prisoner, Orange? - A. We all went into the tap-room together, he was a stranger to me; we had all been drinking together before at the Ivy-house.

Q. When you missed these things at eleven at night, were your two companions in the taproom when you awoke? - 
               A. Edward Roberts
             was.
Q. Did you ever find any of your property? - A. Ten pounds in one-pound notes were found on the floor in the tap-room; when I awoke, they asked me for my reckoning; I felt for my money, I found I had got none; I fell in a great passion, seeing I had lost my money; they said, search every man in the room; they searched two; after that, in the course of time, they found some property down on the floor.
Q. Was any of your property found on them? - A. No, every one was searched.
Q. How soon did you find out any thing against either of the prisoners? - A. I know nothing against either of the prisoners; my watch I never saw again.
BARNARD PYE sworn. - I am a shoe-maker.
Q. Were you at the Unicorn, at Hoxton, the night when Dix was there? - A. Yes, I saw the two prisoners there; I was accidentally in their company, I know neither of them.
Q. At the time this supposed theft was committed, were they sitting on each side of the prosecutor? - Yes, and the prosecutor fell asleep; I first met with them at the Ivy-house, I called in there for a pint of beer, and they wanted me to make up the side; I agreed to make one of them; after eight o'clock, they said they would go to Mr. Bell's, the Unicorn, and have a pot of beer; going along Ivy-lane to the Unicorn, the two prisoners conversed together, one of them asked the other if he (Dix) had any property about him; I do not know what answer was made to that question; Roberts said, another pint of beer will do him fast asleep; Orange said, beer is of no use, let us give him brandy; then we went into the Unicorn, a pot of beer was ordered, and one of the prisoners, I believe it was Roberts, ordered brandy, and the prosecutor drank a glass of brandy; we had one glass of brandy all round; he ordered the prosecutor to have another.
Q. Which of them ordered it? - A. I cannot speak to one or the other, I believe both the prisoners ordered him another; I interfered, and said I thought he had enough, and the prosecutor refused; after that he fell asleep, and they sat then one on each side of him, and sometime after that they got away from him, and sat at different parts, but previous to the reckoning being called, the prisoner Orange was gone; this man went to put his hand into his pocket, and it was turned inside out; he got up in a very great passion, he stormed about his property, and the people in the room laughed at him; I told the landlord I thought he had a watch, I told the landlord to fasten the door, and we would all stand search; the prisoner Roberts began to strip himself in the box, he took his coat, waistcoat, and neck handkerchief, off in the box; the landlord told him to come out into the middle of the room, and said, I should like to see what paper that was you put behind you; I loosed Roberts's neck of his shirt, and a person sitting there said, let us look where he was standing; we looked there, and found ten one-pound notes.


                  ANDREW 
                  GOVEY
               



             sworn. - I was at the Unicorn when they all came in, I was in another room; I went into the tap-room between nine and ten o'clock, I was standing with my back towards the fire-place, and my face towards the prisoners; I saw the prisoner Roberts put his hand into the prosecutor's right-hand breeches pocket, the prosecutor was fast asleep; the prisoner Orange sat at the left, I saw his hand under his jacket, as though he was rifling his other pocket; I was fully convinced that Roberts was taking his things out of his pocket, though I did not say any thing about it; I concluded it might be a joke, I went out of the room.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BELL
               



             sworn. - Q. You keep the Unicorn public-house? - A. Yes, Dix and the prisoners came into my house about six o'clock in the evening; the first thing they called for was a glass of brandy, they insisted upon the prosecutor having two glasses of brandy; I refused it, seeing him a little intoxicated; they insisted upon his having it, saying, he had a pain in his bowels; he drank two glasses, and I saw no more of him, he went fast asleep. About eleven o'clock I shut up my shutters, and persuading this man to pay his reckoning, he felt in his pocket, and he had got no money; he was in a very great rage; this gentleman said he was confident he was robbed; he said, Mr. Bell, bolt the door, and we will all stand search.
Q. At that time were these two prisoners in the room, or only one? - A. Only one, Orange was gone; as soon as the word search was spoken, I perceived something in the prisoner Roberts's hand, he tried to conceal it in his neck handkerchief; I saw something in his hand apparently to me fine paper, and while I was searching the one, he stripped in the box.
Q. Where was he at the time you saw him with the paper in his hand? - A. In the box, putting his hand behind him.
Q. There were others sitting in the box with him? - A. Yes, they came out of the box to be searched, and when I was searching one, he was stripping himself in the box; I wished to search him the next, I told him to come out of the box, and I would search him.
Q. Did you find any thing on him? - A. No.
Q.Did you see any thing picked up? - A. Yes. they were delivered to me; a gentleman in the room picked them up.
Mr. Alley. Q. I think you said Orange was gone away? - A. Yes.
DANIEL BISHOP sworn. - I am an officer.produce the notes, Mr. Bell gave them me; Orange surrendered himself at the Office the next morning.
Q.(To Prosecutor.) Are there any marks by which you know these notes? - A. I know them by keeping them by me, and looking at them; there is a particular old note, with red at the back of it; I am sure I had such a one; the notes were all wrapped up in paper, and were in my right-hand pocket, and so was my money; I had nothing in my left-hand pocket, my watch was in my right-hand fob.
Roberts. (To Bell.) Q. Landlord, was any part of the reckoning paid before this search? - A. Yes, Orange paid a shilling, his share, and went away.
Roberts did not say any thing in his defence, but called one witness, who gave him a good character.
Orange left his defence to his Counsel, and called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Roberts, GUILTY, aged 27
Of 


               stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Orange, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
