





273. 
               
                  
                     REBECCA 
                     MURPHY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of January
, two yards of dimity, value 3s. one yard of calico, value 1s. one other yard of calico, value 1s. one other yard of calico, value 1s. six yards of cambric muslin, value 7s. and three other yards of cambric muslin, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Hartwell
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Beaman
                  



               
            .
JAMES HARTWELL sworn. - I am in partnership with 
               
                  William 
                  Beaman
               



            ; the prisoner lived in my service a year and a quarter, in consequence of some suspicion of the prisoner, on the 26th of January, I went for Alderman, the constable, and took him into the dining-room, and rang for the prisoner to come up; I said, Rebecca, I have strong reasons for believing you have been robbing me and my partner; she said, what me, sir, and coloured very much; I had missed some property, in consequence of taking stock that morning; the constable searched her pockets in my presence, and found the key of her box, and some money; the officer then desired to open her box, she went up stairs with him, with some reluctance; the box was opened in her presence, and there were found in it two different remnants of calico, a yard each, and a remnant of dimity, two yards, and one remnant of cambric muslin, about six yards afterwards, in a closet, in her bed-room; there was a bag belong ing to her, in which there was another remnant of calico, about a yard, and another remnant of cambric muslin, about three or four yards; I asked her how she came by them, she said, she had some long before she came to me, that she bought them in Yorkshire, and elsewhere; I can speak to the cambric muslin, when we took stock, we missed a piece of that kind, twelve yards, it is a very particular piece, we never had but four pieces of that sort, it has our own private mark, they are in the constable's possession; in a housewife of the prisoner's, we found a key which fitted the lock of the box, in which we kept the keys of the warehouse; when we found the key of her box, she said, she had no other key; I told her, I was certain she had; she went down stairs, the officer and myself followed her into the kitchen, she found this housewife, and took out the key; that box which held the keys was taken up stairs every night in case of fire, and put in a closet; the officer then took her to the Compter.
EDWARD ALDERMAN sworn. - I am a constable: On the 26th of January, I was sent for to Mr. Hartwell's, I searched the prisoner, and found a key which opened her box; I opened the box in her presence, and found a piece of muslin, and the other articles I have with me; she was asked by Mr. Beaman, who was present, if she had any other key, she said, she had no other key; in consequence of which, when we came into the kitchen, I said, it would give me less trouble, if she would produce the key that Mr. Hartwell said she had; she then opened a drawer, and took out a housewife, and took a key out of it, which opened Mr. Hartwell's box, Mr. Hartwell said, that is the key, I tried it, it opened the box very easily. (The key and the things mentioned in the indictment were produced.)
Q.(To Hartwell.) As this is a common key, how came you to hunt after such a key? - A. In consequence of some information I had received,(looks at the things;) this is a part of the 9-8thsmuslin we missed, on taking our stock; it has the No. 12 on it in a kind of buff-coloured thread, and No. 13 in a pencil mark, with our private mark, LIW, in my partner's hand-writing, it is a plain cambric muslin; the remnant of dimity was torn off a piece which I have in Court, I have no doubt of its being our property; we never sell any retail; we never cut any thing.
Q.She could not have bought this of you? - A.Never.
WILLIAM BEAMAN sworn. - That is my handwriting on the muslin.
Prisoner's defence. What I had in my box, I bought and paid honestly for; if there was any thing in my box not mine, I did not put it there.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave her a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
