





447. 
               
                  
                     NATHANIEL 
                     BOON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of April
, a watch, value 10 l. a chain, value 2 l. a seal, value 1 l. 1 s. a seal and key, value 18 s. and a key, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Pritchard
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PRITCHARD
               



            . I live in Printing-house square, Blackfriers. On the 24th of April, between twelve and one I was returning home, I had been to a friend's house in Clerkenwell; I had crossed Smithfield. In Giltspur-street


, about thirty yards from Smithfield, some person came and brushed me on the right side.
Q. Was there more than one person - A. Only one rushed violently against me, with an attempt to shove me down on the right hand side, and at the same time he made that rush my watch was taken from me; he came from one side of me, or from behind me; I never saw him before he rushed against me; there was no demand of money, or any intimation that he meaned to rob me.
Q. Was the watch taken from you before you could attempt to lay hold of it, so as to prevent it from being taken from you - A. Yes, it was.
Q. Do you know who the person was that did this - A. I do not, he ran away with great speed.
Q. Did you pursue - A. I did not, I perceived it was so far distant it was in vain; it was done so suddenly that I never saw the person's face that did it.
Q. When was it that you saw your watch again - A. It was brought to me on Tuesday morning by Trott the officer; this was done on Sunday at half after twelve o'clock.
Q. Did you know it to be your own watch - A. Certainly so. I afterwards attended at Hatton-garden office, I saw the prisoner, I had no recollection of his being the person, no further than by his size, not to speak to his person.
Q. At the time the watch was brought to you, was the chain, key and seal, the same as when it was taken from you - A. All the same as when I had lost it; they are considerably undercharged in the indictment.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TROTT
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton-garden office. On Monday the 24th of April, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I received private information; in consequence of that I went in company with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Davis
               



             to Islington, to a court near the turnpike, a little way from the Angel; I there saw the prisoner coming out of a house, I stopped him and told him he was my prisoner; he asked upon what account; I told him on suspicion of robbing a gentleman in Smithfield of his watch that morning; he said he was innocent, he knew nothing of it. I searched him, the watch was not found upon his person; I handcuffed him, and asked him what part of the house he occupied; he said a room up stairs; I told him to walk first and shew me the room; he went up one pair of stairs, he said this is my room; I said do you occupy any other, he said no; there was a bed in the room; I proceeded to search the room; there were no persons then in the room but me, Davis, and the prisoner, and while I was searching a woman of the name of Bosworth came up, the young woman he was going to be married to; she sat down in the chair and began crying, saying, Good God, what have you done (addressing herself to the prisoner); he made no reply, and she cried very much. Mr. Davis took down a bason over where she sat, from a shelf out of her reach, as she sat, I am sure; this watch was in the bason, covered over with some rags and some worsted. I thensaid to Mr. Davis, secure the girl; the prisoner said the girl was innocent, not to take the girl, he had put it there, and he supposed he must suffer for it; I told him he was honourable in saying that; I secured him and the girl. On the next day I shewed the watch to Mr. Pritchard; he knew it the moment I shewed it to him.
Q. to prosecutor. Did you observe any woman with the person who ran against you - A. Not at all; I looked particularly about, there was no one person near.


                  THOMAS 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am conductor of the pass for vagrants for the county of Middlesex. I went with Trott to a house in a court in Islington, near the turnpike, by the Angel; Trott catched hold of the prisoner, and said he was his prisoner, and put a pair of handcuffs on him; Trott asked which part of the house he occupied, and told him to go first and shew him the room; the prisoner went first, Trott next, and I next; a one pair of stairs room the prisoner shewed him; the prisoner said he had no other apartment than that. When we got in the room Trott shut the door, and proceeded to search the room; while he was searching a young woman came in the room, she sat down in a chair by the right hand side of the fire; she said what is the matter, addressing herself to the prisoner; the prisoner told her to be quiet, he did not know what was the matter, if he had done any thing that was wrong he would wish to be taken before a magistrate. I looked upon a shelf by the fire place; I took down a little bason; at the bottom of this bason was this watch, covered over with a rag and a little bit of worsted; there was enough to cover it. The moment I got this watch, I said to Mr. Trott here is what we came to look for; I delivered the watch to Mr. Trott; the prisoner said the woman is innocent, she knew nothing at all about it, I put it there myself, and I must suffer for it. We took them both down to the office.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I would wish to know who it was that gave the information that I had the watch, because it was given to me; I had it of a young man against Bartholomew tavern, I do not know the young man's name, only I have been in his company before; I never knew him to be guilty of any thing of the kind.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
