





304. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PERRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of March
, an iron bar, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gregory
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  LACK
               



             sworn. I am a smith, I live at Islington. On the 7th of March I was standing at the shop door where I work, I saw the prisoner coming with that iron bar on his shoulder, I supposed by his appearance he had stole it, I followed him to Panton-street, I asked him if he had got a bar to sell, he told me no, he was going to carry it home to paint for a gentleman at Islington; I let him go on, and followed him to a field adjoining Sadler's Wells, he went up to one side of the field and there he got a stone, and was in the act of breaking it to pieces, I saw him bend it backwards and forwards several times; when I got up to him he put it on his shoulder and walked away, I followed him and delivered him into the hands of Mr. Hancock the officer.


                  ROBERT 
                  KYLEY
               



             sworn. I am a coachman, I rent the premises under Mr. Gregory, I belive it to be the same bar that was taken away.


                  JAMES 
                  HANCOCK
               



             sworn. I am an officer of Hatton Garden. This is the property that was put in my possession, it was taken from the prisoner; I produce it.
Q. (to Lack) Is that the bar. - A. This is the bar that I saw him carry, and I saw him in the act of breaking it to pieces; I took it home and put it to rights, it fits the window.
Kayley. I think that is the bar that belongs to my house; I rent the house of Mr. Gregory.
- GREGORY sworn. Q. You are the landlord of this house. - A. I am, that bar belongs to the house that Kyley rents of me.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to a master to ask for work, as I was coming back I picked up that bar in the gutter running across the turnpike road in Islington.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
