





440. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     PHILLIPS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Cockett
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of nine in the night of the 23d of April
, and burglariously stealing eleven pair of cotton stockings, value 33s. and three pair of worsted stockings, value 3s. the property of the said William
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  COCKETT
               



             sworn. - I keep a house in Baker-street, Enfield


; I can only prove the property.


                  MARY 
                  COCKETT
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Cockett
               



            : On the 23d of April I was sitting in a little parlour behind the shop; the prisoner lifted up the latch, opened the shop-door, and came in; he had not regimentals on, he had a light coat; it was between nine and ten o'clock in the evening, it was very dark; he bit himself against a pair of scales, and that alarmed me; I went into the shop and saw the prisoner; I said, you villain, what are you doing there; and he made his escape out of the shop; I went after him and laid hold of him; I said, you villain, you have robbed my shop; and then he got from me; my husband was only two doors off; I went with him, and we found the prisoner at the next public-house; I am sure it was the same man, I saw his face distinctly; there were eleven pair of cotton stockings, and three pair of worsted stockings; the worsted ones he dropped at the door; my husband laid hold of the prisoner, and he wrung himself from him the same as he did from me; he was apprehended the next morning.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. How long had you been sitting in that room before you went into the shop? - A. Not so long as an hour.
Q. I take it for granted you were too much alarmed to know whether the light coat was a great coat or not? - A. I cannot be positive, but I am pretty sure it was a little coat.
Q. Did you observe any other part of his dress? - A. No; my husband took him within ten minutes after; he was asking a comrade to lend him a jacket, and he said he had none to lend; I am sure he is the same person, because I had a good view of him in the shop; I am sure to the prisoner, and I am sure to the property.
Prosecutor. I went after the prisoner; I found him at a public-house about an hundred yards off; I heard him asking a comrade to lend him a jacket, and he said he had none but what he had on hisback; my wife said that was the man, and I laid hold of him; the prisoner snatched himself out of my hand, and got away; I took him the next day at his quarters, when he came from the parade.
Prisoner's defence. I am as innocent as the child unborn; I know nothing at all of it.
The prisoner called the publican upon whom he was quartered, and his paymaster-serjeant, who gave him a good character, and deposed that they had never seen him in a light-coloured coat.




               GUILTY of larceny only
            . (Aged 32.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
