





584. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 14th of October
, a silk handkerchief, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Whitely
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  WHITELY
               



             sworn. Q. What are you. A. I am a merchant
. I was going down Cornhill


 the 15th instant between ten and eleven o'clock, I was about opposite of Bank buildings, I was called to by an officer, he had a man in custody, he told me he had stole my handkerchief; at the same time he was wresting the handkerchief out of his hand; he asked me if it was mine, I told him it was. I put my hand into my pocket, I found it was gone.


                  JOHN 
                  LACEY HAWKINS
               



             sworn. Q. You are a city officer. - A. Yes. On the 14th of this month I was in Gracechurch-street; I am generally there every day; I was standing of the opposite side of the way, where the prisoner was and another man; I observed them for some time (half an hour before this happened); I watched them very narrowly, the prisoner and the man that was with him were very genteely dressed, and with boots on (not as he is now), and a clean white apron, rolled up; I shouldhave taken him to be a decent mechanic; I traced them from there to Cornhill, they went backwards and forwards into Cornhill, and then into Gracechurch-street; just as they came to a caricature shop opposite the Exchange, there was a number of people standing there, and a hackney coach, it was very inconvenient to pass, I thought then if he meant to do any thing he would do it at the time, as the prosecutor was going by the hind wheel of the coach, he kept from it as much as he could to keep it from dirting his clothes as I supposed; I see him lay hold of the handkerchief, of the side of it, the long end hung down and he throwed it up to catch the other end, that moment I put my hand upon him, I halloed lustily to the gentleman, he stopped; I was not able to manage his companion, for fear of letting go this. I produce the handkerchief.
Prosecutor. It is my handkerchief, it has my name on it in white silk letters.
Prisoner's Defence. The way that I come by the handkerchief was passing by, I picked it up, this gentleman came and catched hold of me, and said I picked the gentleman's pocket, I told him I did not, I picked it off the pavement.
GUILTY, aged 53.
Of 


               stealing, but not privily from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
