





78. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault, on the King's highway, on the 22d of November
, upon 
                     
                        John 
                        Harris
                     



                  , putting him in fear, and taking from his person against his will, two shirts, value 20s. two waistcoats, value 20s. two neck-handkerchiefs, value 2s. and a pocket-handkerchief, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Lamb
               



            .


                  RICHARD 
                  LAMB
               



             sworn. - On Monday, the 22d of November, I delivered the property stated, to 
               
                  John 
                  Harris
               



            , for the purpose of getting them washed, but I know nothing of the robbery.


                  JOHN 
                  HARRIS
               



             sworn. - I am twelve years old next April, and know the nature of an oath: On the 22d of November, I received the things stated in the indictment of Mr. Lamb, which I was to take to be washed, it was about five o'clock in the evening; when I was going along the Strand, and by Hewitt's-court, the prisoner came behind me, and snatched the bundle from me; I am certain it was him; he snatched it at once from me, and ran up the court: I followed him, and called out, stop thief; Mr. Buston, at No. 10, caught hold of him, upon which the prisoner threw the bundle behind him, which I picked up; I saw the things put into the handkerchief. (Produces the property, which was identified by the prosecutor).
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You lost fight of the person who took the bundle? - A. No.
Q. It was dark, was not it? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see whether he had the bundle? - A. Yes, I saw it under his arm.
JOHN BUSTON sworn. - I live at No. 22, St. Martin's-lane, but was at No. 10, Hewitt's-court, Strand, on the 22d of November: About a quarter before six, I heard the cry of stop thief twice or three times; I immediately ran out, and saw the prisoner run by me with a bundle under his arm; seeing pobody else, I secured him, and he immediately dropped the bundle, which was picked up by Harris; I then took him to the watch-house.
Prisoner's defence. I was going up Hewitt's-court, and a person-stopped me, and said I had taken a bundle from the lad; and I said, I had not; that is all I know of it.




               GUILTY, of stealing only
            , aged 23.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
