





243. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     TURPIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of January
, a book, value 1s. two guineas, four half-guineas, a waistcoat, value 10s. 6d. a pair of breeches, value 15s. and a shirt, value 7s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Buckler
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Wood
                     



.


                  JOHN 
                  BUCKLER
               



             sworn. - The things were taken from 
               
                  Charles 
                  Wood
               



            's house, No. 39, in White-cross-street


; I don't live there now; they were taken out of my bedroom from the box, which was unlocked, and locked again; the prisoner lodged in the same house, but not the same room: On Monday the 13th of January, I put the things into the box, and put the money into my pocket-book, being four guineas; two guineas, and four half-guineas; there was a waistcoat, a pair of small cloaths, and a shirt; I missed them on the 15th, about eight o'clock, and on the 24th, I believe the prisoner was taken; he left the house on Monday morning, and never was seen in it afterwards; he was taken at the Crown and Cushion, in London-wall, on the 24th; I saw the small cloaths and shirt, the waistcoat was not found; the constable has got something from him; there is no mark upon it, but it is such money as I lost; the prisoner told me, if I would not prosecute him, he would let me have my things again, and money too; I made him no promise.


                  SOPHIA 
                  FIELD
               



             sworn. - I washed for the prisoner for eight or nine months; he is a shoe-maker
, as he told me, he came to me as a stranger, I cannot tell where he lived; on Friday evening, he knocked at my door, No. 3, Draper's-building, London wall; says he, so you are washing, mistress; yes, says I; says he, wash this shirt for me; so he gave me a dirty shirt, and slung down the small cloaths, and says, take care of that, and then went away; my girl, my child says, what is it the shoemaker has slung down; I picked them up, and in picking them up, the pocket-book tumbled out; in the space of three minutes after, I heard the cry of stop thief, and a neighbour says to me, that is the man you wash for; I put the dirty shirt and pocket-book in my apron, and carried them to the Crown and Cushion; I found him there, and left the articles with the officer; I opened the book, but there was nothing in it.


                  JOHN 
                  COX
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, and produce the small cloaths, the shirt and pocket-book, which I received from Mrs. Field; I have had them in my possession till now; I searched the prisoner, and found two guineas, three half-guineas, three shillings and three halfpence, which I have got. (The property was produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. The landlord and I had differed where I lodged; he charged me one shilling and sixpence a week, and I told him I would leave it on Monday, and so I did, and I was going along London-wall, and a man took my hat off, and then ran after me, and took me in possession; they knew I had no property of theirs, or no book of no kind; I went into the public-house to get a glass of gin, when they took my hat off.
Cox. The prisoner struck the Landlord, and knocked a boy down, and his had was lost in the affray.
GUILTY. (Aged 35.)




               Of stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
