






606. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS DENNIS 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 31st of July
, at the parish of Finchley, two-hundred pound weight of lead, value 40 s. affixed to the said parish church
            , the property of the Rev. 
               
                  
                     Ralph 
                     Worsley
                  




               
            , clerk, rector
, and
Three other counts for like offences, only varying the manner of charging them.
The case was stated by Mr. Alley.


                  THOMAS 
                  VERRALLS
               



            . I am a farmer, living in the parish of Finchley


. I am clerk of the church. On the 1st of August, in the afternoon, I went to a field adjoining the church; there I saw the church had been stripped of a quantity of lead: a soldier took me to a ditch; I found the lead lay there. I and several of the inhabitants watched from half past nine at night till half past eleven. While I was watching with 
               
                  William 
                  Wood
               



            , I heard a cart come into a bye-lane, opposite of where the lead lay. About ten minutes after I heard the cart, I saw a man come into the ditch; he took a piece, and threw it on the bank; he threw out another, and then he put it on his shoulder, and was going across the field with it. Then I sprang the rattle, and all came that were on the watch, and Wood took him. The lead was compared with the lead on the roof; it tallied; I have no doubt but it was the lead. There was about four hundred pound weight in the whole.
Q. Do you know him. - A. He said about five years ago he worked with me a hay-making; I believe he did; my men knew him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOOD
               



            . Mr. Alley. You were watching, did you see the man carry the lead. - A. Yes. About ten minutes before twelve o'clock, on the 1st of August, I saw him with the lead. I took him. I saw the lead compared the next day; it corresponded exactly.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 1st of August, 
               
                  Robert 
                  Ratley
               



            , a bricklayer, came to my house for me to go to Finchley to bring some apples that he had there. When I came to the White Lion, he told me to wait there; I thinking the delay too long, went on to meet him. He told me that he had not got the apples, but he had got something in a field there. I went with him, imagining it was his own, and that he was responsible for the act. I went for it. The people sprang a rattle, and fired a pistol. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Ratley
               



             went off, and left me a prisoner. I gave every information of him, but without any effect.
Q. to Verrall. Did the other man come to the ditch. - A. There were two men came with the cart; he was seen by the other people; only the prisoner came to the ditch.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
