





715. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of October
, three bushels of wheat, value 21 s. and a sack, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Coombe
                        



                     
                  , Esq.
 and a spade, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Watts
                  



               
            .
(The Case was stated by Mr. Knapp.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  COOMBE
               



            , Esq. sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You live at East Barnet; you are a farmer
, and you have a farm at Enfield


? - A. Yes; the other farm is about a quarter of a mile distant from that.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. Yes; I gave orders for a certain quantity of this wheat, which was a particular sort, called rivet-wheat, and what I intended for my own use, was put in the ground; the wheat in question was stolen from the barn, where it had been for several days, it was intended for my servant's brother. In consequence of information that I received from Mr. Basso, a miller, at Hadley, in Middlesex, I went to his mill; he shewed me near a bushel of wheat in a sack; W. Peacock, my bailiff, was with me at the time; I then saw it was wheat of the same description that I had lost, it was rivet-wheat.
Court. Q. What is rivet-wheat? - A. It is wheat that grows with a beard.
Q. It is common enough in many countries? - A. Yes, but not in that part of Hertfordshire.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Upon looking at that wheat, which was found at the miller's, had you any doubt of that being part of the wheat that you lost -
Court. Q. You only knew of its being rivet-wheat, you thought it was your's? - A. Yes, being an uncommon thing in that part of the country. It was in a bag which I did not know any thing of.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Had you previous to this time looked to see if you had missed any of your wheat? - A. I did; I went the same evening that I had seen the wheat at the miller's, to obtain a warrant, and the next morning I went with Davidson, the constable, to the prisoner's house, at Hadley; the prisoner was not at home, we searched the house, and found some wheat in a peck measure, about half full in a cupboard.
Q. Was that rivet-wheat? - A. It was, and there was a sack found in the cupboard with my surname in full length on it. I have no doubt but it was my sack; we went up stairs to another room, and there we found a spade behind the bed; I am not able to speak to that spade; it belonged to Watson, one of my workmen. He was apprehended by two of my workmen in the road that leads from Hadley to Enfield; he was brought to the Magistrate at Hadley; on the same day I saw these things at his house.
Q. Did you know the prisoner; I knew him and all his family; he rented a cottage of me, I was obliged to remove him.

Q. Did he ever work for you? - A. I never would employ him.


                  THOMAS 
                  BASSO
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are the miller at Hadley-mill? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember the prisoner coming to you with any wheat? - A. Yes; on the 29th of October, between the hours of six and seven in the evening, he brought a little grist very near a bushel.
Q. Was it rivet-wheat? - A. Yes, I was to grind it.
Q. In consequence of some information that you received from Mr. Coombe, you kept the wheat for the purpose of shewing it him? - A. Yes, I produce it.
Q. That is rivet-wheat you now produce? - A. Yes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIDSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am constable of Hadley.
Q. Did you go with Mr. Coombe to the prisoner's house? - A. Yes, at Hadley, he was not at home.
Q. What did you find there? - A. We found about half a peck of rivet-wheat, in a peck measure, in a cupboard; in the same cupboard, we found a sack marked with Mr. Coombe's name this was on the 30th of October; I produce the wheat, the sack, and the spade.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PEACOCK
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. - Q. You are bailiff to Mr. Coombe - you know Mr. Coombe's barn of course - do you know of there being some wheat in a sack in the barn? - A. Yes, it was branded with his name.
Q. Look at that sack and tell me whether that is one of Mr. Coombe's sacks? - A. This sack we found at the prisoner's, it is Mr. Coombe's, and has his mark upon it; and this is rivet-wheat, it is like what he has got in that bag.
Q. Do you know the bag? - A. I know the wheat.
Court. Q. How do you know the wheat, you only knew that it was rivet-wheat; did you take the prisoner? - A. I took him near the Bald-faced Stag, leading from Hadley to Enfield; he asked me what was the matter; I told him he must go along with me and see; he said he thought there was nothing the matter; I said, if there is nothing the matter, it will be so much the better for you, I cannot go along without you; we took him round East Barnet up to the Magistrates, and there he was committed.


                  THOMAS 
                  WATTS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. - Q. You are a labourer employed by Mr. Coombe? - A. Yes.
Q. You have got a spade put into your hands, whose spade is that? - A. It is mine; I knew it by the marks on it, T. W. they have been cut out, but there is sufficient remaining to enable me to speak to it; I missed it out of the barn where this wheat was.
Q. You knew of the rivet-wheat being in the barn? - A. Yes; I saw it there last Monday morning, and on the night it was taken away; I put the spade in the barn the last thing I did at night; the barn door was locked with a padlock by 
               
                  George 
                  Whitbread
               



            .


                  GEORGE 
                  WHITBREAD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. - Q. You are a labourer employed by Mr. Coombe? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you lock the door on Monday night? - A. Yes, I locked it with a padlock.
Q. Did you leave the wheat there, the sack and the spade? - A. Yes.
Q. Was all the wheat that was left carried away? - A. Yes, the whole was in a sack, and the whole was carried away; that wheat was intended for my fellow servant's brother-in-law.
Q. Did you go there first in the morning? - A. No one of Mr. Coombe's carters went there first.
Mr. Knapp. 
               Q. 
            (To Peacock). Just look at this wheat; you have no doubt of its being your master's? - A. No.
Q. What quantity of wheat was there in the sack? - A. Near three bushels.
Q. How near was the prisoner's cottage to the barn? - A. He lived at Hadley, about two miles from the barn.
Q. Did either of you see the barn in the morning? - A. About seven o'clock I went up the yard to do up the farm yard as usual, the door of the barn was open, and the staple was drawn from the post, and the lock hanging to it; it appeared as though it had been broken open, the staple had been drawn, and it was put in another place.

Q. 
            (To Baa). Was it last Tuesday the wheat was brought to your mill? - A. Yes, in the evening.
Prisoner's defence. My wife and children picked up this corn a gleaning.
Court. Q. To Prosecutor). Was there any wheat of that sort that grew the last harvest in your neighbourhood? - A. Not as I know of.



               GUILTY
            , aged 42.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
