





151. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of January
, three half-pint earthenware mugs, value 6 s. six dishes, value 6 s. thirty-seven plates, value 5 s. two glasses, value 1 s. one dish, value 2 s. five basons, value 6 s. fifteen saucers, value 5 s. fifteen cups, value 5 s. two milk-pots, value 2 s. two sugar-dishes, value 3 s. three basons, value 1 s. 6 d. two cups, value 6 d. two candlesticks, value 2 s. five castors, value 10 s. one tumbler, value 6 d. two goblets, value 5 s. two decanters, value 2 s. a vinegar-cruet, value 6 d. and six jugs, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Spode
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Copeland
                  



               
            .
Second Count, For the like offence, only charging it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Josiah 
                     Spode
                  



               
             and William Copeland.


                  JOHN 
                  PICKSTOCK
               



             sworn. - I am in the employ of Messrs. Spode, the prisoner was a servant
 also: On Saturday, the 17th of January, I suspected he had something in his pocket; I communicated the same to Mr. Spode; the prisoner went out and I followed him and overtook him on Blackfriars-bridge, with a crate on his back, which had been given him; I passed him and hit his pocket; I found something in it; I then requested him to go back; I told him Mr. Spode wanted to speak with him; he asked me what Mr. Spode wanted with him; I told him I did not know; when we came back we met Mr. Spode in the back room; he asked him what he had got in his pocket; he said, nothing; after that he pulled out a mug, and then he pulled out two more mugs (the mugs produced); they are Staffordshire ware; I know them to be Messrs. Spode's manufactory; they are worth 6 s. the three; he said it was the first time, and hoped it would be looked over.
- DORRINGTON sworn. - I am one of the Officers belonging to Bow-street: I went to the lodgings of the prisoner, at Narrow-wall, Lambeth, and found all these articles, the remainder in the indictment.
GUILTY, aged 42,




               Of stealing to the value of 6 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
