





42. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of November
, a pair of worsted stockings, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Thomson
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  BANNISTER
               



            . I live with Mr. Thomson, an hosier
, Middle row, Holborn


. On the 26th of November, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner at the bar go past from one shop window to the other; there was a pane of glass broke in one of the shop windows, he went back towards the broken pane of glass, I suspected him, and I watched him at the glass door that comes to the street; I saw him take out a pair of stockings, he put his hand in through the broken pane.
Q. You saw him take out a pair of stockings, were they inside of the glass frame. - A. Yes.
Q. What did he do when he left the shop. - A. He walked off very deliberately, I do not think that he saw me; I immediately ran after him and caught hold of him, he had the stockings in his hand, I brought him into the shop with the stockings in his hand; my master took them from him, we went immediately to Hatton Garden office with the boy.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. My master sent me about some work; coming past Middle row home, I saw a boy drop a pair of stockings, I picked them up in about a yard from where I saw the boy drop the stockings. He took hold of me, I told him I saw the boy drop them.
Q. (to Bannister) Did you see any other boy. - A. There was a boy with him, I saw that very boy (pointing to the prisoner), put his hand in and take the stockings.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
