





126. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of December
, a gown, value 5s. a petticoat, value 3s. and a pair of stays, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Dudley
               




            .


                  SARAH 
                  DUDLEY
               



             sworn. - I am a widow
; I lodge at the top of New Gravel-lane, Shadwell


; I lost a gown and petticoat from off a table; I know nothing of the prisoner: On Wednesday night before Christmas I laid them across the table before I went to bed, between ten and eleven o'clock; the next morning I got up between seven and eight o'clock, and found the place broke open; the door had been bolted, and the staple was forced; I immediately missed my gown and coat; I borrowed a gown of a neighbour, and I made enquiry, and found the officer had got the prisoner and my cloaths; I went to the officer, and found them.
JOSEPH WOODROOFFE sworn. - I am beadle of the parish; I received the prisoner from Ellis, the watchman, and also a gown, a petticoat, and a pair of stays, at the watch-house. - (Produces the property.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELLIS
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman of St. Paul, Shadwell: On the 23d of December, I was talking to my brother watchman, between twelve and one o'clock, at the top of Gravel-lane; I saw the prisoner come up the other side of the way, with something white; be was coming from the house that was robbed; he was about twenty or thirty yards from it; I asked him what he had got there, and he made no answer; I went towards him, and he ran into Union-street, and I ran after him, and in a few minutes I came up with him, and collared him; he then threw the property down; I called to my brother watchman to come and pick up the property, and we took him to the watch-house; I never lost sight of him from first to last.


                  JAMES 
                  DANIELS
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman; I saw the prisoner in Union-street; I picked up the things, and gave them to the beadle of the night. - (The property was identified by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's defence. The prosecutrix took ten shillings from me, and wanted me to go and sleep with her.
Ellis. When I took him, he said he met the woman, and she asked him if he wanted a lodging; he said, yes; and what was the price; she said, half a crown; he gave her a guinea, and she did not give him the change, for which reason he took the things.
Prisoner. I then came out of the house, and a man beat me, taking the woman's part.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
