





240. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WHITWORTH
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Burnell
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of seven in the night of the 10th of March
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein two umbrellas, value 34 s. the property of the said John
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BURNELL
               



             sworn. - Q. What do you know about this? - A. On the 10th of March, I was sitting in a little room level with the shop, I heard a noise similar to a window being broke, I immediately ran into the shop to see if it was my window that was broke, and found it was my shop window, and two umbrellas taken out; I missed one immediately, because I had sold it, and was to have taken it home that night; I went out, and a person of the name of Spearing delivered the prisoner to me.
Q. Was it light or dark at this time? - A. Nearly dark.
Q. You could see the face of the boy when he was delivered to you? - A. Yes, I remember him very well.

Q. Could you see the face of the boy distinctly? - A. Yes; he had one of the umbrellas in his hand.
- SPEARING sworn. - I saw the prisoner at the corner of May's-buildings


, where Mr. Burnell lives; I saw him looking all manner of ways; I went to my own house, to see if the cellar-window was fast; I came back, and heard a window crack; the prisoner ran by with something in his hand, I pursued him to the bottom of Bedfordbury, where I stopped him; I picked up one umbrella close by him when I stopped him; I took him back to Mr. Burnell's; I then directed a person whereabout I took the boy, and he went down and brought the other; he is not here, the prisoner's hand was bleeding when I took him.
Prisoner's defence. I was going down Bedfordbury, and this gentleman came and touched me on the shoulder, and brought me to that gentleman's house, and said I had taken two umbrellas; I am quite innocent of it.
GUILTY, aged 15,




               Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
