





366. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  , alias 
AMBROSE





            , was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Johnson
                        




                     
                  , Ann his wife and Sarah Freeman being therein, about the hour of nine in the forenoon of the 24th of March
, and stealing one great coat, value 10s. and a pair of gloves, value 6d.
             the property of the said 
               
                  John 
                  Johnson
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSON
               



             sworn. - I live at Palmer's village, Tothill-fields


; my house was broke open on the 24th of March, while I was at breakfast; I went into my accompting-house and missed my great coat and a pair of gloves; I never saw it again till I saw it at the Police Office on Saturday the 26th; my wife and servant were in the house as well as myself at the time it was stolen; the door was not locked; he must have come in at the large gates, and gone into the accompting-house; I am sure the door was shut, but not locked.


                  JAMES 
                  BLY
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Queen's-square. On Thursday the 24th March last, at nine o'clock, I met the prisoner with this coat under Mr. Johnson's house, going from Mr. Johnson's towards his own in Duck-lane; I suspected him, and asked him how he came by the coat; he said he bought it the day before of a Jew, and had given eight shillings for it; I felt the pockets, and asked him if there was any thing in them; he said no; I then took the gloves out, and put him into Tothill-fields bridewell; next day I heard that Mr. Johnson had lost the coat; I went to him, and he came and swore to the coat.(The coat produced and identified by the prosecutor).
Prisoner's defence. I was going home, and bought the coat of a Jew, and gave eight shillings for it; going along the officer stopped me, and took me into custody, though I told him I had bought it.
GUILTY, aged 20.
Of 


               stealing, but not breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
