





790. 
               
                  INNIS 
                  LEWIS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of October
, two cloth coats, value 21s. a pair of pantaloons, value 5s. a cotton sheet, value 2s. three pair of trowsers, value 3s. four waistcoats, value 12s. a jacket, value 3s. a flannel shirt, value 1S. two shirts, value 8s. a neck handkerchief, value 1s. three pair of stockings, value 3s. a handkerchief, value 4d. a pair of slings, value 1s. 6d. a pair of gloves, value 1s. a Pocket-book, value 6d. and a gold watch, value 5l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Darrell
                  




               
            .(The prisoner, being a foreigner
, a Jury of half foreigners were sworn.)


                  BENJAMIN 
                  DARRELL
               



             sworn. - I lost my property from on board the Lady Nelson, lying at Iron-gate-stairs


; I am mate
 of her; On Thursday, the 15th of October, between twelve and one o'clock, I missed my property; the police-officer waked me about that time, and shewed me a pair of stockings and the watch; he told me the rest of the things were safe; I saw them on board at nine o'clock in a trunk in the cabin; it was not locked.


                  JOHN 
                  GOTTY
               



             sworn. - I am surveyor of the Thames-police: Early in the morning of Friday, the 16th of October, immediately after twelve at night of the Thursday, I saw the prisoner sculling a ship's boat on shore to Iron-gate-stairs; and, putting alongside the boat, I discovered a bundle liying in the bow of the boat; I stepped into the boat in which the prisoner was, and feeling the bundle, I found it was clothes; I put my hand in, and took out a pair of stockings, which, from their apearance, I supposed not to be his; upon which I said, these are not your clothes, where did you bring them from? he told me from an American ship, pointing to Iron-gate tier; on further enquiry, he told me they were the captain's; I asked him if the captain was on board, and he replied, no; but that he was going to take them on shore; I then took him into my boat, and desired him to point out to me the ship; he pointed out to me a ship, but not the one from which the things came; I called up the steward of that ship, and informed him what I had met with; he said, they were not his; but a boy, who was on board, was sent by the steward across the tier, and he brought back the owner of the property, Darrell; I shewed him a pair of stockings, and he told me they were his; a person, that is here, then searched his waistcoat, and out of the waistcoat-pocket took a gold watch; the prosecutor, Mr. Darrell, immediately said that was his watch; I took him before the Magistrate, and he was committed.
Court. Q. Is the Lady Nelson an American ship? - A. No, an English ship.


                  JOHN 
                  WALKER
               



             sworn. - I was in the boat with Mr. Gotty; I know no more than he has said; I took the watch from the prisoner.(The property was produced, and identified by Darrell.)
Prisoner's defence. I went on board of that gentleman's ship to know if they wanted any hands; he said, no, the ship was to be sold, he wanted nobody; then I went on board an American ship, and was on board till twelve at night; the steward told me to wait to help him with some ladies that were coming on board the next day, and he would give me a supper on board; then they desired me to go on shore, and I passed over this gentleman's ship, and asked if they wanted any errands on shore, and there was a man on board gave me the watch and bundle to bring on shore.



               GUILTY
            , aged 16.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried before Mr. Recorder.
