





465. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PAGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of April
, a set of chaise-harness, value 30s. two bridles, value 3s. and a saddle, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Ogle
               




            , Esq.




                  BENJAMIN 
                  BENTLEY
               



             sworn. - I am servant to 
               
                  James 
                  Ogle
               



            , Esq. he lives at Bury-hall, Edmonton; the chaise-harness was in my care; they were in the stable; my master went into Sussex to visit his brother: On the night of the 24th of April they were taken away from the stable between Sunday night and Monday morning; I went in the morning, and found the things gone; the stable was locked over night; I suppose they got in at the lost, and went out at the window; I found the window open; I saw the prisoner on the Saturday, between four and five; he was talking with me at the stable-door; it was my master's brother's stable, at Worthing, in Sussex


, they were in; the prisoner told me he had the care of some horses in that stable last summer, as groom of the Duke of Northumberland; while he was there hepulled out two back staves to get in and out the lost, and he remarked to me their not being mended. About a week after I saw the harness at a broker's, in Perbeck-street, Soho; I went and swore to the property at Marlborough-street that day; the bridle had been altered, and the kickingstrap put on just before; the harness was quite plain; we had had it about eight months.
Q.You can swear to it? - A. Yes; the bridlereins are quite new, and had never been used before; the maker's name, Rees, is on the saddle; I saw the prisoner at Marlborough-street.
Q. Did you see the things at the Office? - A. Yes.
Q. How did you know the prisoner was at the Office? - A. They were advertised by Mr. Luppino; in consequence of that advertisement, I went to Marlborough-street.
CHARLES LUPPINO sworn. - I am an appraiser and auctioneer; in consequence of my having a sale for the Friday following, 
               
                  James 
                  Page
               



             applied to me to know if I would sell an harness; he informed me that a friend of his near Brighton had an harness to sell, and that he thought by sending it to London, he should get a better price for it; he then told me that he would bring the harness about three o'clock in the afternoon; between three and four he brought the harness in a sack into the rooms; it was a one-horse chaise harness, two bridles, and a saddle, with white cloth and girths; he then asked me if I would advance him a guinea on them till they were sold; having a suspicion that he had not come properly by them, I made an excuse that I had no money at the time; I told him if he would call about seven or eight in the evening, I should then have change; during which time I enquired at the coach-office; the clerk not being in the way, they could not tell me whether there had been a parcel of that description; when I came home, the prisoner was standing at my door; he again pressed me hard for a guinea, for he said he could not do without it; that he had not paid the coach-office for bringing it up; I told him positively I would advance no money till he could give me a further account whose property it was; he then seemed very much agitated, and told me he could produce me a letter from the parties that sent it up; I being fearful he should escape me, with the assistance of the watch, I seized him, and carried him to the watch-house; the next morning he was carried to Marlborough-street Office, and not being able to give a satisfactory account of himself, he was committed for re-examination; he was reexamined on the Thursday following, and fully committed; I have kept the things from that time to this; after the first examination, I advertised them three times, and Bentley came at the second examination.(They were produced, and identified by Bentley.)
Prisoner's defence. They were sent to me out of the country by a young man to sell for him.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
