





713. 
               
                  
                     SIMON 
                     LINN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of June
, a pocket-book, value 6d. and a gilt medal, value 7s. the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Munyard
                     




                  , privily from his person
            .
JAMES MUNYARD sworn. - On the 21st of June, between the hours of one and three, I was standing in Cranbourn-alley


, to hear a man sing, when the prisoner came up behing me, and took my book out of my pocket; I felt his hand, and caught him; he had the book in his hat; he hummed and hawed a good deal, but said nothing,(produces the book and medal;) the medal cost me seven shillings gilding, I had it in consequence of being out of the 1st of August, in the action of the Nile.
Cross-examined by M. Knapp. Q. You felt his hand in your pocket? - A. Yes, but did not see it.
Q. Did you catch him directly? - A. No; he run round the small mob; it might be a quarter of a minute.
Q. Did you see his hat taken off? - A. Yes, and the book taken out.
Prisoner's defence. I am a foreigner, and very innocent of this business; I was going through Cranbourn-alley, where I saw a mob, so that I could hardly pass; I saw the prosecutor in conversation with a man in a blue coat, whom he left, and immediately came up to me, saying, you have got my pocket-book; I produced my own red book, he said, no, that was not his; then my hat was knocked off, and a man said, here is your pocketbook, then he let me go; I was walking on, when he came after me, and said, I will stop you; I told him I would go with him any where, which I did; I am quite innocent.
Mr. Knapp. (To Munyard.) Q. Is it true, he offered to go to Bow-street, or any where, with you? - A. No, he ran away, and I took him again; he said, he was very sorry for it, as it was his first offence; he made resistance for a long time, till he found the people on my side.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Hotham
               



            .
