





522. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  COULSON
               




             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 30th of August
, being servant to 
                     
                        John 
                        Younger
                     




                  , a baker, did receive, on account of his said master, from Jane, the wife of 
                     
                        William 
                        Hancock
                     



                  , 1l. 2s. 8d. and afterwards feloniously did embezzle and secrete the same
            .
Second Count. For a like offence, not stealing from whom he received it.
Third Count. For feloniously stealing 1l. 2s. 8d. the property of John Younger.(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  JOHN 
                  YOUNGER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a baker
 in George-street, Manchester-square: The prisoner was my journeyman
 better than two years and a half; he left me on the 15th of December last.
Q. Did you put confidence in the prisoner to receive money for you for the bills owing to you from your customers? - A. I always did.
Q. Did you make out the bills yourself? - A. Sometimes myself, sometimes my wife, and sometimes my son.
Q. Tell us if you made out that bill? - A. This is my son's writing; I delivered it to the prisoner on Monday, the 18th of August.
Q. Look at the bottom of it, and tell me whose hand-writing that is? - A. I don't know whose hand-writing that is -" Received the contents,

                  Charles 
                  Coulson
               



            " - the amount of the bill is 1l. 2s. 8d. it is for several weeks bread.
Q. Had you a customer of the name of Hancock? - A. Yes, a coachman in Marybone Mews.
Q. As he received money for you, would he be to account to you for a receipt of that money? - A. Yes, of course.
Q. Did he ever account to you for that sum? - A. Never.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. I take it, when any money is received by your servants, and they account to you, you enter it in your books? - A. I always do.
Q. This transaction took place so long ago as August? - A. Yes.
Q. I take it for granted you have no knowledge of this transaction, but from reference to your books? - A. No.
Q. You have not got your books here to-day? - A. Yes, I have.
Q. You have received the money from Mrs. Hancock? - A. Yes.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  YOUNGER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Look at that bill; whose handwriting is it? - A. It is mine.
Q. Do you see what is wrote at the bottom? - A. Yes.
Q. Whose hand-writing is that? - A. I don't know: On the 15th of December I went after the prisoner to call him back; he went past our house; I told him he must come back, he was wanted; he said, he was d-d if he came back, for he was found out; Mrs. Hancock was in the shop at the time; he was then three or four doors from my father's shop; then I came back, and told my father; I never saw him afterwards till he was apprehended.
Younger. On the 15th of December I saw Mrs. Hancock passing the shop; I beckoned to her, knowing there was a little bill standing; she came into the shop, the prisoner was then in the shop; he had told me she had been in the country; I told her, she looked very well since she came from the country; I had often asked the prisoner if the bill had been paid, and he always denied it; she said, she had not been in the country at all; I asked her then to come into the parlour, which she did.
Q. Did he remain in the shop when she went into the parlour? - A. No; he took his basket and bread out with him, and never returned any more; I sent my son to call him back, and he would not come back.


                  JANE 
                  HANCOCK
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am the wife of William Hancock: I dealt with Mr. Younger in August last, the prisoner was his journeyman.
Q. Look at that bill, and tell us if you paid it in August last? - A. Yes, I did; the prisoner wrote at the bottom of it - "Received the contents, 
               
                  Charles 
                  Coulson
               



            " - I always paid the prisoner Mr. Younger's bills, and he always gave me receipts.
Q. When did you discontinue Mr. Younger as a baker? - A. At the time I paid that bill; I told the prisoner not to bring any more bread.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You, like all good wives, live at home with your husband? - A. Yes.
Mr. Alley contended that the 2d and 3d Counts were inoperative, and that the first should have stated the money to have been received of the husband by the hands of the wife.
Court. As to the 1st Count, I am clearly of opinion that it is quite sufficient to state that the money was received on account of the master; as to the other two, the question is merely whether they are necessary or not; it has been said, the 2d Count is bad, because it does not state from whom it was received; but suppose a prisoner, charged with a crime of this sort, does not chuse to confess from whom he received it, although he confesses he has received a large sum of money on account of his master, I think it would be very good evidence against him, though the sum is not ascertained. Under all these circumstances I am of opinion that this indictment is good; as to the Common Law Count, I have always entertained an opinion that it was not good.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called two witnesses, who gave him a good character. For the Prisoner.
JOHN SHARPE sworn. - I have known the prisoner five years; he has always bore a good character.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q.Have you not been for the purpose of settling this with the prosecutor? - A.Not since he has been taken; I went at the desire of the young man; he said he owed Mr. Younger some money, and he wished to pay it in the couse of a month.
Q.When was that? - A. I cannot say, it was since he left Mr. Younger; Mr. Younger would have taken it, if I would have paid it down.
Mr. Alley. Q. This was before the man was indicted? - A. Yes.
Mr. Younger. Mr. Sharpe came two or three days after the prisoner left me, and told me he wanted his clothes; he said, the prisoner had given him an account of about five pounds that he had taken of my money, and he wished to pay it for the prisoner; I told him I would not take the money from him, for I should prosecute him; there was no money tendered, and I refused to take any.
Court. Q. Did you, or not, offer to take the money if it was paid down? - A. I did not; there was no money presented to me.
Q. Did you, or not, offer to take it if the money was paid down? - A.Not that I know of; wenever could agree about the sum, for he had more than ten pounds of my money.
Mr. Alley. Q. Upon the oath you have taken, would you not have received the money from the hands of Mr. Sharpe, if he had given it to you? - A. If he had paid me the whole sum, I might.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
