





68. 
               
                  HUMPHRY 
                  GOODWIN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of November
, a basket, value 1s. and a bushel of apples, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Crouch
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  CONDEN
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman at Corvent-Garden: On the 11th of November, in the morning, I saw the prisoner with a basket of apples; I stopped him, and took him into custody.


                  JOHN 
                  CRAWLEY
               



             sworn. - This basket is my master's property; his name is 
               
                  Charles 
                  Crouch
               



            , he is a fruit-salesman
, and has a stand in Covent-Garden


: On the 11th of November I missed a basket of apples, about half past four in the morning, which I had packed up on the 10th; the watchman came round, and asked who had lost the property; I went to the watch-house, and saw the basket and fruit in it.
Prisoner's defence. - I get my bread by buying in the market, and I went to the market, and met, young man I knew, who had bought two bushels of apples, and he asked me to take them for him to Westminster, and he would give me 6d. I was going with him, and was taken; I work with a horse and cart, selling apples, onions, and other things, about the streets.
HUMPHRY LANE sworn. - I am a watchman and took him; he said a man had given them to him; I asked him who had, and he could not tell; I asked him what the man was to give him; he said he did not know, he had made no agreement; then we took him to the watch-house.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
