






104. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PRICE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     RIGGINS
                  



               
             were indicted, for that 


               they, on the 1st of December
, in the King's highway, in and upon 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           De Sylva
                        




                     
                  , did make an assault, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, four guineas and a sixpence, his property
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  JOSEPH 
                  DE SYLVA
               



             sworn. - I am a native of India; I went to Mr. Hackett and company's in Nicholas-lane, Lombard-street


, to receive some money; I received four guineas and a sixpence, I had the same jacket on then that I have now, I put it in my right-hand jacket pocket; I was going to the shop to buy some things, and I put my money in a piece of paper, in my pocket; these two men came up to me, I did not know what the name of the place was, and one of them came up, and laid hold of my arm, so that I could not stir it.
Q. Which of them was that? - A. That is him,(pointing to Price;) after that, the other man took hold of me, on the other side, and then Price put his hand into my pocket, I was very weak and sick at that time; then they both ran away down the street; I told two gentlemen of it, and they stopped them; one of the gentlemen took the money out of the man's coat pocket.
Q. In whose coat pocket was it found? - A. Price's, wrapped up in the same way as when I lost it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You lost four guineas and sixpence? - A. Yes.
Q. How long was it between the time that you received it, and the time you lost it? - A. About two minutes, I believe.
Q. You never saw that money before you received it from Mr. Hackett? - A. No.
Q. You were sick and weak? - A. I was very sick.
Q. There are two ways of being sick, one is from ill health, and the other from drinking too much? - A. I had not been drinking.
Q. Not at all? - A. No.
Q. But you had been at the public-house drinking? - A. No, I had not; if I had been drinking, I could not know the man that robbed me.
Q. But you had been drinking, had not you, at some public-house? - A. No, I had not been drinking at all.
Q. At no house at all? - A. No; I can drink at my own house; I went out from the ship to receive the money.
Q. Where was the ship lying? - A. At Deptsord.
Q. What time did you leave your ship? - A. At eleven or twelve o'clock.
Q. What time did you take your money? - A. At two o'clock.
Q. And you had not drank any thing at all? - A. No; I took breakfast on board my ship, I had nothing afterwards.
Q. Do you mean to swear that you had drank nothing from the time you had left your ship? - A. No.
Q. You know Mr. Anthony, who came to be your interpreter? - A. Yes.
Q. Do not you know that you are giving evidence against a man for an offence, for which, if you are believed, he may be hanged? - A. Yes.
Q. And perhaps you know that there is a reward of forty pounds for each of 
these men, if they are convicted? - A. Yes.
Q. Anthony told you so, did not he? - A. No, I do not know any thing about it.
Q. Upon your oath, do not you know that you will, by giving your evidence to day, if you are believed, entitle yourself to eighty pounds for your four guineas and sixpence? - A. I do not know the custom.
Q. Then do not you expect to have a share, a part of the eighty pounds rewards, that there is upon this conviction? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you ever see these men before in your life? - A. No.

Q. How long were they with you at the time the robbery was committing? - A. I believe, about two minutes.
Q. After knowing what the reward is, will you venture to swear to the persons of men that you had no opportunity of seeing but for two minutes? - A. They are the men.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. These men ran away? - A. Yes.
Q. And the money that you had was found in the pocket of one of them? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  WALKER
               



             sworn. - I am a merchant: On Monday about three o'clock, the 1st of December, I was coming out of my banker's, Sir 
               Richard-Carr Glynn
            's, in Birchin-lane. I turned my eye towards the corner of Birchin-lane, which goes into Lombard street, and saw the black with the two prisoners; I had my banker's book in my hand, just going to look at it, and, in a moment, the two prisoners came running past me, and turned me round; the prisoners are the same men; at the same time, the black called out, stop thief, stop thief, white man rob; they turned into Change-alley; I put my book in my pocket and followed them; I never had my eye off from them; in running down Change-alley, they ran against two or three gentlemen, which rather impeded them; they ran past Garraway's Coffee-house, into Cornhill; they ran across Cornhill, and down Castle-alley, opposite the Bank; they made a turn on the left-hand; I came up with Price first, and took him by the collar, the other was close to him, and I likewise took hold of him immediately; upon my securing them, several people collected round; the prisoner asked me what I meant by using them in that sort of way, they were gentlemen, and they would make me pay for taking that liberty with them; Riggins then said to Price, I do not know that young man, do I, young man; I told them I cared very little about that, I should not let them go till I had seen the black man, and found out what they had done; I brought them back as far as Wills's Coffee-house, and the black came up; and immediately upon the black coming up, I asked him, if he had lost any thing, he said, yes, they had robbed him of four guineas and sixpence; immediately upon that, the prisoner Price made an effort to put his hand towards his right hand coat-pocket, which I prevented, and I immediately saw Mr. Bland of the India-house, whom I knew, and I called him to me; he came, and I told him to put his hand into Price's right-hand pocket, expecting that something was there; he put his hand into his coat pocket, and pulled out four guineas, and sixpence.
Q. Were they loose, or in paper? - A. They were loose when he pulled them out; I asked him if it was customary with him to carry gold in his coat pocket, and he said, he frequently did; a constable then came up, and I delivered him into his hands; I called a porter whom I saw, and, with the constable, we lodged them in the Poultry Compter.
Q. Had this poor black the appearance of being intoxicated? - A. Not at all; he was perfectly collected and perfectly soher.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Did it not take up a considerable time in the pursuit? - A. I should suppose about three minutes, in the way that I have described.
Q. Therefore, of course, during that time, you must have lost sight of them? - A. I never lost sight of them one moment.
Q. As to the foreigner being drunk, did you look at him for the purpose of ascertaining whether he was or not? - A. He did not speak such good English as he does now; he seemed to me to understand but little of the English language; he seemed to me to give a very lame account in point of language; the interpreter was sworn before the Lord-Mayor, and he gave the account.
Q. You have been in Court, and, I sure say, was a little surprised at his giving his account so well? - A. I was.
Q. Was Riggins at liberty at all? - A. Yes, he was at liberty in the crowd for two or three moments; the person who had hold of him let him go.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Have you any doubt that Riggins is the same man? - A. I am perfectly satisfied that he is the same man; I begged that he might not be let go, and he was not out of the crowd.
Prisoner Price. Q. Was not the money taken out of my pocket before the black said what he had lost, and then he said that is my money? - A. No, he said he had lost four guineas and a sixpence, before it was found in his pocket.


                  JOHN 
                  BLAND
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I belong to the India-house: On the 1st of December I came up and saw Mr. Walker, who had hold of the prisoner Price by his left arm; Price was endeavouring to get his right hand into his right hand pocket; Mr. Walker called to me to come on that side and put my hand in his pocket; I put my hand in his pocket, and felt the money, which was entangled with some soft substance; I disengaged it, and brought out four guineas and a sixpence; before that, the black man said, this man has robbed me of four guineas and a sixpence.
Q. You say it was entangled in some soft substance; had you the curiosity to enquire what it was? - A. The constable searched, but I saw nothing found, except a pocket handkerchief.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. This money was taken out of his pocket loose? - A. Yes.
Q. And this soft substance was a pocket-handkerchief? - A. The constable has several things that he took out of his pocket; he can speak best to that; I did not see any thing else.



                  THOMAS 
                  WARD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a constable; I searched both the prisoners at the Compter; I found upon Price this pocket-handkerchief.
Q. Did you find any thing else upon him that is material? - A. No; I received the money from Mr. Bland. (Produces it.)
Mr. Knapp. Q. You found no brown paper? - A. No.
Mr. Knowlys. (To De Sylva). Q. You lost four guineas and a sixpence; did you take any notice of it to know that it was the same that you lost? - A. No, gold is the same.
Court. Q. You said, when it was taken out of the prisoner's pocket, it was wrapped up in the same paper in which you used it? - A. Yes, the same paper.
Q. Was it in a paper when the gentleman took it out of his pocket? - A. Yes.
The prisoner Price left his defence to his Counsel.
Riggins's defence. I was at liberty, I suppose, three or four minutes, and might have run away; I was coming past the corner of Birchin-lane, and there were seven or eight black men together, all very much intoxicated, and one of them was using another very ill; and I saw the prisoner leading that black man along; he was either very ill, or else his feet very sore; I went on about my business, and Mr. Walker followed me; I never saw Price before in my life.
The prisoner Price called one, and Riggins three witnesses, who gave them a good character.
Price, 


               GUILTY of stealing, but not violently
            , aged 28. - 


               Transported for seven years
            .
Riggins, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
