





338.
               
                  
                     ROBERT-BARTON 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for a fraud
            .
CHARLES NAYLER sworn. - I am clerk to Messrs. Isacc Estridge, 
               
                  Spencer 
                  Wood
               




            , John Littlewood, and 
               
                  John 
                  Stevenson
               



            , coal-merchants
, in William-street, Bridewell Precinct: On Tuesday the 18th of March
, the prisoner at the bar came to the accompting-house, and inquired for Mr. Spencer Wood; I told the prisoner that Mr. Spencer Wood was very poorly, that he had not been out since Christmas last; that if he had any communication to deliver, that it should be delivered to Mr. Spencer Wood, and he should have an answer; the prisoner said, that if in case he was certain of having an answer on the morrow, or the next day, he would leave a letter, which letter he gave me, and I sent it to Mr. Spencer Wood; this is the letter, (producing it); in the course of the next day I received a letter from Mr. Spencer Wood, that in case the collector for educating the children of insolvent debtors should call, I was to give him a guinea. (The letter is read).
"The committee for educating the children of confined insolvent debtors, return their most grateful acknowledgements to Mr. Wood, for his former benevolence to the above charity; having increased the number of children to two hundred, and wholly providing them with food, clothing, and education, beg leave to request the honour of a repetition of Mr. Wood's humane subscription to this laudable institution."
He called on Friday the 21st, and addressed himself to me in the accompting-house, and asked if I had got an answer to pay the subscription; I told him if he was the proper collector I would pay it; upon which the prisoner pulled out of his pocket a subscription, or collecting-book, I do not know which he called it, and asked me to write Mr. Wood's name in the book, amongst a number of others; I told him, I was not authorized to write Mr. Wood's name, but if he would give me a receipt I would pay him the money; he asked me for a piece of paper, which I gave him; he wrote the receipt, and I paid him one guinea in gold. (Produces the receipt, which is read.)
"March 21, 1800.
"Received of Mr. Spencer Wood one pound one shilling, being the annual subscription for educating the children of insolvent debtors. J. Barton.
"School in the Borough, No. 86."
He did not say what he was; then he asked about Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wood
               



            ; I told him I had no instructions from Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wood
               



            ; he said, perhaps Mr. Thomas Wood would wish to be waited upon by letter in the same way; and he wished me a good morning.
RICHARD STIFF sworn. - I am the collector appointed by the society, to receive subscriptions for the education of the children of insolvent debtors under confinement; I have been collector above twelve months; there is one school at the Stones End, and I do not recollect that there is any number to it; and another in Dorset-street, Salisbury-court, Fleet-street; the committee meet every second Tuesday in the month; I have no knowledge of the prisoner; there are no collectors besides myself, I have my appointment in my pocket, signed by the gentlemen of the committee; Mr. Wood is one of our subscribers, I received Mr. Wood's subscription on the 25th of January last.
Q. What book have you got there? - A. A book containing the resolutions of the committee at the time I was appointed, which was in March 1799; Mr. Grassfer was collector before me.
Q. Look at these papers? (Shewing him the letter, and the receipt.) - A. I know nothing of them in the least.
Rev. ROWLAND HILL sworn. - I am one of the committee: I come only to assert, that Mr. Stiff is the only person appointed by us to receive any subscriptions whatever; a vast number of these kind of collectors have done us prodigious injury; I know nothing of the prisoner.
JOHN LITTLEWOOD sworn. - I am a partner with Mr. Wood: I had the prisoner apprehended in consequence of a suspicious letter.
- UNDERHILL sworn. - I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.



               GUILTY
            , (Aged 23.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
