





307. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     BRISCO
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of February
, a pocket-book, value 1s. and two bank-notes, each of the value of 1l.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Barton
               




            .
JAMES BARTON sworn. - I am clerk
 to Mr. Callaghan, No. 3, Swithin's-lane: On the 22d of February, returning from the Minories, a few doors from the Saracen's-head, Aldgate


, there was a crowd collected, and, upon stepping outside of the crowd to see what was the matter, I found the prisoner at the bar pressing very hard against my side; I turned round and found him with my pocket-book in his hand, containing, at that time, two one-pound notes and other papers; seeing he had my pocket-book in his hand, I made a snatch at it, upon which it fell to the ground; the prisoner then ran away, and, in running after him, I fell down; upon which a person, named Ellery, ran after him, who had seen the book in his possession; upon seeing me fall, he cried stop thief, upon which a Mr. Neve secured him; he was taken before the Lord-Mayor, and committed.
Q. Where did you carry this pocket-book? - A. In my outside coat pocket.
Q.Who picked up the pocket-book? - A. I did. (Produces it.)
Q. Are you perfectly sure, that the man stopped by Mr. Neve, was the man who had your pocketbook? - A. Yes, he was not out of my sight at all till he was apprehended.
THOMAS ELLERY sworn. - I am shopman to a grocer; I saw the pocket-book in the hands of the prisoner; I saw him drop it; he made his escape towards Whitechapel-church; I immediately cried out stop thief, upon which Mr. Neve, a gentleman in Aldgate, ran out of the shop, and caught him; Mr. Barton ran after him with the pocket-book in his hand; I never lost sight of him.
Prisoner's defence. I was going along, I heard a cry of stop thief, and ran, and this gentleman laid hold of me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
