






873. 
               
                  
                     MAURICE 
                     CONNOR
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KELLY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Croney
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of twelve in the night, of the 3d of October
, and burglariously stealing, a coat, value 16s. and a waistcoat, value 4s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Miller
                        



                     
                  ; a waistcoat, value 1s. 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Cornelius 
                           Sullivan
                        



                     
                  , and a coat, value 3s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Harrington
                        



.


                  DANIEL 
                  CRONEY
               



             sworn. - I rent a house, No. 10, Little Prescot-street, Goodman's-fields


, I slept in the one pair of stairs, Cornelius Sullivan and his wife in the two pair of stairs, and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Miller
               



            , Thomas Harrington,and four others,in the garret: On the 3d of October, I went to bed, and left my wife up, she is not here, I left the door on the spring-lock; between twelve and one o'clock, I was alarmed by my wife, I got up, struck a light, and found the prisoner, Kelly, at my room door; all the lodgers came down, and Kelly was taken away by the watchmen; we then found Connor under the bed, in Sullivan's room, with his hands up to his face, and he was secured; the next morning, I observed that the bolt of the door was forced.


                  GEORGE 
                  WALTON
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman; on the 3d of October, about half past twelve o'clock at night, I observed the prosecutor's door a-jar, I put my foot against it, and found some person push on the inside; I then called Leadbetter, another watchman, and we both tried the door, and still found there was somebody pushing against us; we got in, and found the prisoner, Kelly, in the passage; he endeavoured to bolt out at the door, and said, there were thieves in the house; I then shut the door, and bolted it inside; one of the lodgers came down in consequence of the alarm, and he and Leadbetter staid with Kelly, while I went up stairs, into the two pair of stairs room, where I found the prisoner, Connor, sitting on the floor; I asked him what he did there, and he said, he came there to sleep; I took him down stairs, and tied the prisoners together in the passage; I found two coats, and two waistcoats in a bundle; we took the prisoners to the watch-house, and returned back to the house; we found, that that part of the lock, which draws the spring back, was wrenched off, and laid in the inside of the passage.( - Leadbetter, the other watchman, corroborated the evidence of Walton.)(John Closs, the beadle, produced the property, which was identified by 
               
                  Robert 
                  Miller
               



            , Cornelius Sullivan, and Thomas Harrington.)
Connor's defence. I had been drinking that evening, till half past twelve o'clock, at the Fourteenstars; a woman came in, and said, she would shew us 10 a lodging-house, which she kept, and she took us to this house; she put me into a room, and told me to lie down where I liked, and left me, saying, she would find a lodging for the other man; I knew nothing more of it, till I was awaked, by an alarm of thieves.
Kelly's defence. I was stupified in liquor, I was brought into this house, and sell asleep in the passage.
Connor, GUILTY.
Kelly, GUILTY.




               Of stealing the goods, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
