





697. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FINN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of September
, one warrant for the payment of 20 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Piper
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT for like offence, only laying the warrant for the payment of money to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Piper
                  



               
             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Piper
               



            .
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.


                  THOMAS 
                  PIPER
               



            . Q. You are the son of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Piper
               



            , you are stone masons

 - A. Yes, residing in Little Eastcheap


.
Q. Did you on the 17th of September last draw a draft on Messrs. Andersons - A. I did; the draft I have in my hand; they are bankers in Philpot lane; this is the draft that I drew on that day, I gave it to my apprentice 
               
                  Edmund 
                  Hall
               



             as I passed through my shop, about four o'clock in the afternoon.


                  EDMUND 
                  HALL
               



            . Q. You are an apprentice to Mr. Piper - A. I am.
Q. Did you receive on the 17th of September from Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Piper
               



             the draft in question - A. I did.
Q. Is that the draft you received from him, look at it - A. I believe it is; I laid it on the mantle shelf in the accompting house; I left it there about a quarter of an hour; when I returned it was gone. I searched diligently for it. I told my master the same day.
Q. Did you go to the banker's by the direction of your master to stop payment - A. I did, I found it had been paid.
Q. Was the prisoner a person at this time employed by your master - A. He was; he had been employed the day preceding as a mason's labourer.
Q. When had you seen him last - A. On the 17th, about eleven o'clock in the morning.
COURT. When you lost it, who was in the room then - A. Only my master's daughter.
Q. Was the prisoner there at all - A. I did not see him. I left the draft there a little after four; I returned in about a quarter of an hour, it was gone.
Q. Do you know who came in in the mean time - I do not.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILSON
               



            . Q. You are a partner in the house of Anderson and co. - what are the names of that firm - 
               A. John Anderson
            , 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Anderson
               



            , and George Wilson, Philpot lane.
Q. Are Messrs. Pipers customers of your bank - A. Yes, they are.
Q. Take that draft in your hand - do you remember that draft being presented on the day it bears date - A. Yes, it was presented on the 17th of September.
Q. Look round, and tell me whether the prisoner is the man that presented it - A. I believe he is the same man; I have no doubt at all. I paid it in ten one pound notes, and the rest in money; it was composed of half guineas, seven shilling pieces and silver. I think I paid it between four and five in the afternoon.


                  DENNIS 
                  SCULLEY
               



            . Q. You are a servant in the employ of Messrs. Piper and son - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember seeing the prisoner on the 17th of September - A. Yes, on Messrs. Piper's premises, between eleven and twelve o'clock.
Q. How soon did you see him again - A. When my master missed the draft I went after him by master's orders; I came up with him at the Seven Stars in Pepper alley, by London bridge; I asked him to come over with me to Eastcheap, his master wanted him about some business; he seemed to object against it at first, and then he said he would go; he came back with me as far as the foot of the bridge, and then he told me he would not go without having one pot of beer with me; I told him I would have one pot of beer with him, if he was willing to go then; he said yes; he called for a pot of beer and paid for it and sat down; I sat outside of the table, he laid his hat down on the table, and said he wanted to go out; I followed him out, he went in the little alley there; as I saw him there I turned in again to tell another man, in case he was going to make his escape, to assist me; I was not above two or three minutes before I turned out; he was gone; he had left his hat, and I left it in the same place and went after him. I never saw him till he was apprehended the next day.
BENJAMIN NICHOLSON. Q. You are foreman to Messrs. Piper - A. I am.

Q. Do you remember seeing the prisoner on the 17th of September, and where - A. I do, from twenty minutes to half after four, on Saturday the 17th of September; I saw him on Fish Street hill, he was going towards London bridge at that time.


                  ANTHONY 
                  WOODLAND
               



            . Q. You are constable of the City of London - did you apprehend the prisoner on Sunday the 18th of September - A. Yes, at half after four o'clock on the Sunday afternoon, at the Bear quay gateway; I went up to him, Mr. Piper said you must take charge of that man, I would wish to have him searched; I searched him; in his hat I found twelve half guineas, twelve seven shilling pieces, and three one pound notes; they were all in the crown of his hat; in his breeches pocket I found one half guinea, and three pounds eleven shillings in silver. The prisoner said the property was his own, and the prisoner said when he had his examination before the lord mayor, he did not think the banker's clerk could swear to his receiving the check from him.


                  GEORGE 
                  MOULES
               



            . Q. Are you a clerk to Messrs. Anderson and co. Philpot lane - A. I am.
Q. Look at these notes and tell us whether there are one or two that you happen to know - A. There are two I know, by having received them on the 17th of September; I received them two one pound notes in the course of the forenoon; I cannot say exactly to the hour. There is my writing on them. I am sure I took them on that day, and I brought them home for the purpose of paying them away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MELLVILLE
               



             SCOTT. Q. You are clerk to Messrs. Anderson and co. - A. I am.
Q. Look at the other note - A. I know it; I received it on the forenoon of the 17th of September. I took it home and laid it on the desk with other notes.
Prisoner's Defence. My lord, and gentlemen of the jury, I am a labouring man, and all the summer I had very good employment; I had a good situation while the fleets were in; I had one pound, two shillings, and sixpence a week, I worked but eight hours in a day, at the West India Docks. I had it in my power to save half a guinea a week, and sometimes seven shillings. When I could not get no more employ in the docks, I applied to the board of ordinance. I wanted to save a few pounds to go to my mother's, and on my being informed I could not work above another week at the ordinance, I applied to Mr. Piper. On the Friday morning I came to his yard; I was not in his house, only when I came to ask for employment. On the beginning of the week I did call, and was sent down to the yard; it is two streets beyond Mr. Pipe's dwelling house; I came in my shirt sleeves from the Tower. Mr. Piper told me I might go to work immediately; I went back to the Tower and worked till dinner time; I told my foreman I had got work of my former master; he told me I might go and he would pay me; after dinner time I went to Mr. Piper's and was set to work, and in unloading of stones I hurt my back, and worked no more that day. - I was not near the premises since. On the Saturday I went to the Tower to my old shopmates; I had a little porter with them. I went home to my old lodgings, to one of Mr. Piper's men; I came to the Seven Stars, Pepper alley: Sculley came, I said I should like to have some beer as it is Saturday night; I called for a pot of beer and did not pay for it; I went to the chandler's shop at the corner for some bread and cheese, and when I came back Sculley was gone. Coming up Fenchurch street on Sunday I found a five pounds note: I changed it, and had three one pound notes part in change. I saw Mr. Piper's man, he told me Mr. Piper had been enquiring for me; I was going to Bear Quay. The rest of the money was my own.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
