






287. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHITEHEAD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     WHITEHEAD
                  , otherwise 
GRIFFITHS




            , were again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th January
, a pair of leather breeches, value 10s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Rowland 
                           Allen
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  ROWLAND 
                  ALLEN
               



             sworn. - I keep a cloaths shop
, No. 44, King-street, Seven Dials


: On the 7th of January, about half past seven at night, the two prisoners came to my shop; the man went up stairs with me to look at some breeches; he said he wanted a strong pair for himself, and a pair of stouter for his brother; I shewed him several; there were a heap of breeches on each side of him as he sat on the bed's foot; while I was looking for some more he got up in a great hurry, and said, bring them two pair, they will do very well; he was to give me two pounds for them; he went down stairs, and I followed him as close as I could with a candle; he came down in the dark, and attempted to go out through a private door in the passage; I told him that was not the right way; he then went into the parlour; he asked me if I would take penny pieces; I said I had no objection; he asked me if I would lend him any thing to put them in; and he said I have not far to go, I will bring them in my hat; they both went out, and I never saw them after till they were taken up; when I went to put the breeches up I missed one pair, that was about an hour after they were gone; they have never been found; I did not see him take them.
The prisoner, in his defence, denied the charge.
John Whitehead GUILTY, aged 34,
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            . - 


               Transported for seven years
            .


                  Sarah 
                  Whitehead
               





               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Hotham
               



            .
