






781. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     QUENNEL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MILES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of October
, a hop-pocket, value 5s andtwo hundred pounds weight of hops, value 40l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Beldham
                  




               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  GEORGE 
                  BELDAM
               



             sworn. - I am a farmer
, at Wrecklesham, in the parish of Farnham, in the county of Surry


: On Friday the 3rd of October, I had seen twelve bags of hops in the kiln with my mark, G. Beldam, and the Excise mark; and on the Sunday morning, the 5th, I missed one; I observed the bars of the window pulled out; then I went and got the key, and went into the kiln, and missed a whole bag, containing one hundred three quarters and ten pounds; I think they must have been cut asunder, for the bags were full big to get out at the window; there were some hops dropped under the window; and a pretty many on the out side; I traced them, by the hops, for about a mile and a half; I heard afterwards that they were at Hounslow, and I went there on Wednesday; I saw the hops at Brentford, and two of the pockets were put up in the same cloths that my hops were in; there were some bags turned inside out, and some marks upon them that I shall be able to ascertain them by.
Cross-examined by Mr. Peat.(Counsel for Mills.)
Q. Is there any other person concerned in the firm with you? - A. No.
Q. How do you know that the hops you found were your hops? - A. By tracing them from the Kiln; and they are of the same quality and colour.
Q. Do you mean to swear to hops? - A. No.
Q. There were many others of the same quality and colour in your country? - A. Yes.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SPREADBOROUGH
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp I drive the Farnham coach; I know the prisoner, Quennell, but not Miles: On Sunday the 6th, upon Hounflow-heath, I overtook a cart with three horses, and three men with the cart; there were two men lying flat in the cart, one of them was Quennell, because he lifted up his head, the other did not; they were lying upon some straw, and there was something underneath, because they laid so high in the cart; upon seeing him look up, I suspected farmer Beldam's hops were there, and I mentioned it at Hounslow.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. In consequence of the information of Spreadborough, I observed a cart going through Hounflow, and three men with it; they were all three strangers to me; the two prisoners were walking by the side of the cart, and Everitt, the accomplice, was driving; I followed them, and passed them; I saw them go into the yard of the Three Pigeons; Mr. Wale then jumped into the cart, and pulled out a little pocket of hops, and took Everitt and Miles; Quennell went on a little way, and I went after him, and told him to come back, and he came back with me; Mr. Collett locked up the hops, and kept the key.
Cross-examined by Mr. Peat. Q. Did Miles make any resistance? - A. None.
- WALE sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a constable at Brentford: I saw the prisoners, Quennell and Miles, walking by the side of the cart; I apprehended them; I saw the hops taken out of the cart; Everitt said, he had borrowed the cart, and the horses were his own; he said, they were stopped in time, for they meant to sleep at Brentford; the hops were put into a stable, locked up, and the key delivered to Collett.
Prisoner Quennell. Q. I ask you whether I had not every opportunity of escaping? - A. He came back voluntarily.


                  CHARLES 
                  COLLETT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a constable at Brentford; the hops were delivered to me; they had been in my possession ever since, under my lock and key, produces a pocket of hops); upon 
               Miles
             I found a paper of powder for making ink, to mark hop-bags with,(produces a bag); this bag was full of hops, and they were turned out before the Magistrate to search for a mark, which Mr. Beldham swore to.
Q.(To Wale). Is that the bag you delivered to Collett? - A. There were nine bags.
Q. Is that one of them? - A. I cannot say.
Collett. This is one of the bags that I received from Wale.
Beldham. Here is the Farnham stamp upon this bag, but it has been altered; and here is, in the seam, part of the cypher of the so, which I saw the exciseman put on, to the best of my knowledge.
Cross-examined by Mr. Peatt. Q. There are a great quantity of hops grown in the county? - A. Yes.
Q.Hops are various, in size and quality? - A. Yes.
Q. There are a great many hops, besides your's, of the same size and quality? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you never see the exciseman make more than one ought? - A. I never saw that man mark but that one ought; he marked all the twelve bags.
- EVERITT sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. 
               
                  Harry 
                  Quennell
               



            , 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Miles
               



            , and his father, got the hops out of Mr. Beldham's hop-kiln.
Q. How do you know that? - A. They told me so; 
               
                  Harry 
                  Quennell
               



             told me, he cut the bag in two; the first I saw of the hops was, on Fleet-pond Common, about three or four miles from Mr. Beldham's, as they told me, for I do not know where the place is; old Mr. Miles hired me, with two of my horses, to fetch them from the common; we changed the bags, and put them into others; they were not long enough to ride upon the horses; then they were put upon the horses, and we went on to old Miles's; they were all four together then; they were there all the Monday, andon the Tuesday we took them up, and brought them in the cart to Brentford; there was a little bag sold at Staines, as nigh as I can recollect; the two prisoners sold it.
Q. Had you any part of the profit? - A. No farther than victuals and drink; I had no money; we were all taken up at Brentford.
Cross-examined by Mr. Peat. Q. All that you have been describing about the hops being taken, is what you were told by other persons, and not what you saw yourself? - A. Yes.
Q. There were a great many robberies of hops in that part of the country? - A. I cannot say.
Mr. Knapp. Q. What you have been describing, was told you by other persons; those other persons were the prisoners? - A. Yes.
Quennel's defence. I never saw either of the men before, in my life, till the Sunday as I was going across, Fleet-Pond Common, and there I saw old Miles and Everitt upon two horses; and that is all I know of it.
Miles's defence. My father owed me three guineas, and he asked me to remove these hops; I did not know that they were stole, nor I do not now.
Quennel, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 27.)
Miles, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
