





217. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     CHAMPNEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of February
, a trunk, value 6d. a gown-piece, value 7s. an apron,value 5s. two petticoats, value 6s. a bed-gown, value 4s. a gown, value 2s. seven caps, value 7s. a muslin handkerchief, value 1s. a pair of stockings, value 1s. a quarter of a yard of cambric, value 2s. a quarter of a yard of muslin, value 6d. and a japan tea-caddy, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Humphrey 
                     Hadley
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  HADLEY
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Humphry 
                  Hadley
               



            ; he is a soldier
; I live at Chatham: Last Tuesday night I lost these things; I was coming in a coach from Knightsbridge to Charing-cross; there was the prisoner and two others in the coach with me; we came to the Golden Cross, Charing-cross


; the prisoner was billeted in the house that my husband and I lodged in; I did not know him before; I had a trunk in the coach with me; I had packed it up; it contained the things mentioned in the indictment; (repeating them;) the prisoner brought it in, and left it by my side in the tap-room; it was locked and corded; I got there about two o'clock, and the coach was to go off at six to Chatham; I got booked to go in the coach, and just before I got into the coach, the prisoner took the trunk, and said he would put it into the coach; I went to the coach about a quarter of an hour after, but my trunk was not there; I took a coach then, and went to the lodgings at Knightsbridge, and he did not come home all night; the prisoner came to the lodgings about six o'clock the next morning but one; I saw him coming down the stairs, and asked him what he had done with my trunk; he said he had left in the inn yard, and somebody ran away with it; I saw it again that same day; the constable went after it, and found it at 
               
                  Mary 
                  Clarke
               



            's house; she is here; some of the things were gone; I got some of the things from her, and some a pawnbroker has got.


                  GEORGE 
                  PERCHARD
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, Church-street, in the Borough: I do not know any thing of the prisoner; on the 18th of February, between six and eight in the evening, a dimity petticoat and a cotton bed-gown were brought to me by Mary Clarke; I lent her five shillings and sixpence upon them.


                  MARY 
                  CLARKE
               



             sworn. - I live in Kent-street; the prisoner was quarrered at the house where I lived servant three or four years ago: Last Tuesday evening, as near as I can guess between six and seven o'clock, he brought me a trunk and asked me if I would go on an errand for him; he said a woman lived with him, and he had lent her three pounds upon it; that he had slept with her three nights before she went away; I had not seen him for about six weeks before, or more; the trunk was locked when he brought it, I saw no string about it; he opened it while I was putting my husband's supper on; my husband was a-bed and asleep; he opened it with a knife; he took out a brownish petticoat, and a gown-piece, and something wrapped up in a paper; he emptied the trunk, and some of the things I have had ever since; the prisoner ordered me to take the petticoat to pawn, and a bed-gown; I took them to Mrs. Davis's, in Church-street, and pawned them for five shillings and sixpence; I put the other things into a drawer till the constable came and took them; only one of the caps I put on to go to the shop in, because I had not one clean.


                  RICHARD 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn. - I keep a public house in Kent-street: On Tuesday night last, between eight and nine o'clock, the prisoner brought me a duplicate of a gown-piece, and asked me if I would buy it; I told him no; I asked him where he got it from, and he said he lived with a woman and was pawning her things; he said if I would not give him a shillings for the duplicate, he would burn it; I then gave him a shilling; it was pawned for ten shillings and two-pence; that made eleven shillings and two-pence; I sent for the piece from the pawnbroker's; I delivered it up to the officer.


                  JONATHAN 
                  HILLIER
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: I took up the prisoner on Thursday morning, and I told him it would be better for him to tell where the things were.
Q. After that you must not tell us what he said? - A. I went to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Clarke
               



            , and found the trunk, and part of the property; (produces it;) and this gown-piece I had from the publican (Produces it.)


                  ROBERT 
                  WILSON
               



             sworn. - I am a patrole: I assisted the constable in taking the prisoner; we took him out of his bed at the Marquis of Granby, Knightsbridge; I assisted the constable in finding the things.(The property was deposed to by the prosecutrix)
Prisoner's defence. I was very much in liquor; I did not know what I was doing, or else I am sure I should not have done it.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LE BLANC.
