







3. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WILSON
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MORGAN
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of November
 a silk shawl, value 2 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Lloyd
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Hyde
                        



                     
                  , privately in their shop
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  LLOYD
               



             sworn. - I live in Pall Mall, St. James's, Westminster


, I have a partner, his name is 
               
                  George 
                  Hyde
               



            ; we are warehousemen

, our business consists in a variety of articles, such as haberdashery and linen-drapery. On the 4th of November between the hours of twelve and four in the afternoon, the prisoners Wilson and Morgan came to my shop; they asked a young woman who had attended them some time before, whether they had an article that suited the old woman Wilson; the shop was then full of customers, they walked a little farther in the shopand seeing a bonnet on the stand, Morgan said to the young woman who is one of my asistants in the shop, that she should like to try on that bonnet, and then she went into the interior room in the shop.
Q. Who did? - A. Morgan and Wilson together. I remained in the front part of the shop myself, and left them to the attention of the assistant, who went into the inner room with them. In about ten minutes they returned out and purchased no article. We had no suspicion whatever of their having robbed us, until one of the witnesses, who is here, his name is Briscoe, came and informed me that these women had certainly robbed us.
Q. Briscoe gave you that information, and you followed them? - A. I followed them immediately up St. James's-street, and overtook them. Walker was then in company with Wilson and Morgan, Walker had in her hand a coloured handkerchief at the time we came up with them, which was immediately taken from her by the prisoner Morgan. I brought Walker back, and the other prisoners were brought back again by two other persons. I did not see any property taken from the prisoner Morgan, it was shewed to me after she was taken up stairs; it was taken from her as she was in the act of throwing it down on the counter; the shawl was shewed to me by the witness Briscoe, he had it in his hand.
Q. All you know is seeing them in the shop. Were there any other persons in the shop? - A. There were several ladies in the shop at that time, and four or five carriages about the door of the shop.
Q. Had you sold them the shawl? - A. No, nor had I missed it.
Q. When you went up stairs, who did you find in the room? - A. I found Wilson, Morgan, and Walker; they were brought there by the persons who assisted me in bringing them back.
Q. Did Briscoe say any thing respecting the shawl in the presence of the prisoners? - A. Yes, he said that was the shawl that he had taken from them. I immediately sent for a constable; in the interim the prisoner Morgan offered, if I would let them go, to pay me any money I chose to have for the shawl, to which I replied that the daily depredations by which I suffered, I should not let them go; they said they were not guilty.
Cross-examined by Mr. Curwood. - Walker was not in the shop at all? - A. She was not.
Q. Then you took her in custody because you found her in company with others in the street; that was your only reason? - A. Yes.
Q. When you brought her back she said she was not guilty? - A. Yes.
Mr. Hart. Yours is a large way of business? - A. It is.
Q. You have no other partner but Mr. Hyde? - A. No.
Q. How many people do you usually employ to serve in your shop? - A. Sometimes in my shop all my hands assist in the business, when business requires it. I have eight or ten assistants.
Q. You saw nothing yourself of the shawl till you saw it up stairs? - A. Not till it was taken up stairs.
Q. Briscoe produced it to you up stairs? - A. Yes.
Q. Had you seen the shawl in the course of that morning? - A. I had: the shawl laid in the back room where the prisoners were on the counter; I had previously shewn them to a gentlewoman, and this shawl was amongst them.
Q. If I understand you right there was a great many shawls there? - A. There were two dozen shawls upon that part of the counter.
Q. Do you mean to say that you had seen the two dozen generally, or that you had seen that one particularly? - A. These shawls were altogether on the preceding evening.
Court. Q. Do you speak to having seen that shawl precisely? - A. I do not.
Q. All that you have to say, you had shewed a number of shawls, of which you take this to be one, and you had not observed it? - A. Not sufficiently; these shawls had been all folded the preceding evening.
Q. Was that shawl marked? - A. There is my private mark on it now.


                  THOMAS 
                  POPE
               



             sworn - Q. Do you remember this Monday the 4th of November? - A. I do; the first part of the transaction that I am acquainted with is meeting the other witness, Briscoe, at the end of Pall Mall, near the Haymarket.
Q. What are you? - A. I am a silk mercer by trade.
Q. What time of the day was it? - A. About two o'clock, as near as I can recollect: In consequence of what Briscoe said to me respecting the prisoners, I was induced to return back with him to watch the prisoners; they were all three together in Pall Mall.
Q. How far might they be from Mr. Lloyd's shop? - A. They were at the other end of Pall Mall from Mr. Lloyd's shop. I joined the witness Briscoe. I saw the prisoners go into the house of Roach and Co.; the witness Briscoe, wished me to go there on purpose to see their faces, in order that I might know them at a future period.
Q. Had you ever seen them before? - A. I had not; and he wished me to go and informthem of the suspicion that he entertained, I went and informed them there were only two, Wilson and Morgan, that went into the shop; Walker remained in the street, I went into the shop, and saw them looking at some velvet; in a few minutes they came out of the shop without purchasing; they again joined the prisoner Walker. They walked away towards St. James's-street, and the same two, Wilson and Morgan went in to Messrs. Lloyd and Hyde's shop, and Walker staid without after they remained in there some time. The witness Briscoe and me being on the opposite side of the way, they came out, and all three joined, and they went to the corner of St. James's-street; and on going up St. James's-street they walked close together, and something appeared to be passing from the hands of the prisoner Morgan, as if she had taken it from her muff, and had given it to the prisoner Walker. I could not particularly distinguish what it was, or whether it was absolutely so or not. I said to the witness Briscoe, "return to Mr. Lloyd's house, and inform them that something of this had taken place." Briscoe went and informed Mr. Lloyd that we suspected that the prisoners had taken something from the premises. I kept in the street till he returned, and Mr Lloyd came back with him. We pursued them up St. James's-street, and overtook them; we requested them to return. On returning, the prisoner Morgan walked very fast, and Mr. Lloyd got back before me, as I walked with the prisoner Wilson, she being very infirm. We all went back to Mr. Lloyd's house. I did not see the shawl till after it was produced up stairs.


                  JAMES 
                  BRISCOE
               



             sworn. - Q. You was with the last witness on the 4th of November? - A. Yes.
Q. Tell us what you recollect on the subject? - A. These three prisoners came to the shop of Mrs. Phillips, silk-mercer, Holywell-street (I am shopman to Mrs. Phillips). They wished to look at some article, which they did. Mrs. Phillips happened to know their faces: we had suspected them for some time, and she being by herself in the shop, she rung for further assistance, accordingly I attended to the ring of the bell, and goes into the back shop where two of the prisoners were, Wilson and Morgan, Walker being on the outside; I stood at the end of the counter as a by-stander to look on, while Mrs. Phillips shewed them some black velvet; they purchased a yard of velvet, because, they said they did not like to go out of the shop without purchasing; then they went away, and I went out of the house through the court which leads into the Strand, and there I saw three of them, the prisoner Walker then joined with the rest. I followed them, they went into several places before they came to Pall Mall. At Pall Mall I met Mr. Pope; I told him I would thank him to go back with me; he went with me to assist me in watching the prisoners. Wilson and Morgan went into the shop of Roach and Co. I lodged myself in a court on the opposite side of the way, and requested Mr. Pope to go and inform them what characters they were; he came out to me, and the two women came out of the shop, and joined the other prisoner Walker. We followed them and two of them went into the house of Messrs. Lloyd and Hyde; I watched the prisoner Walker's motions, expecting them to come out of the shop every minute; and in a few minutes the other two came out of the shop; they all joined together, and went up St. James's-street; and after they had got up there, each of us saw as though something perceived to go from Morgan to Walker. While Mr. Pope kept his eye fixed on them, I went to the shop of Mr. Lloyd, I told him that I suspected that the prisoners had stolen something from the shop. Accordingly Mr. Lloyd came with me himself. Mr. Lloyd and me pursued them up St. James's-street; Pope was searching after them at the time. I being foremost, I tapped the prisoner Morgan on the shoulder, and told her that the gentleman who was coming had a word or two to say to her; Mr. Lloyd came up at the time, and requested to know which of them had the bundle. Accordingly I pointed her out to him, and he pursued her; the prisoner Morgan and we waited till the prisoner Walker returned to us; the prisoner Morgan then requested the prisoner Walker to give her the bundle, which was in a coloured handkerchief; she took the bundle, and put it into a very large muff that she had got: she hastened back to the shop as fast as she could, after she had asked where she was going. I being desirous that all might go together, rather checked her going to fast, suspecting that she had the article in question. I kept my eyes particularly on the muff, and saw her hands in motion, as though she was untangling something; she was very desirous of getting back to the shop first, and accordingly she did,
Q. This was Morgan? - A. Yes; when she got into the shop she forced herself into the back shop as fast as possible? I at the same time kept close to her; she in an instant, when she had got into the back shop, where the shawls had been opened, drawed this shawl out of her muff, and endeavoured to fling it on the counter with the rest; I kept my hand to the left hand side of her muff, and as she drew it out, I caught it in my hand.She drew it out in an instant; the shawl went into my hand. I kept it there for that purpose, that instant Mr. Lloyd came in with the prisoner Walker. Mr. Lloyd called, out up stairs with them; I said it was a matter of no consequence, as I had got the principal, but we all went up stairs into one room; I shewed him the article that I had. Mr. Lloyd then left the room in order to send some person for an officer. I had the shawl in my possession during his absence; they all three fell down on their knees, and begged that I would not be so base and cruel to swear falsely against them, for they said that I had taken the shawl off the counter.
Q. That was not so? - A. No; I did not take it off the counter; I caught it before it was on the counter. I delivered it to the officer when he came.
Cross-examined by Mr. Curwood. Q. After they left your shop they went into the shop of Roach and Co? - A. Yes.
Mr. Hart. Was this bundle ever opened? - A. She untied it in her muff; I saw the bundle taken from Walker by Morgan; the prisoner Walker had the bundle in her hand; when Morgan took it from her she put it in her muff.
Q. When she was taken up stairs was the bundle examined? - A. The shawl was found down stairs.
Q. Was there any velvet in this bundle? - A. I do not know that there was; this came separately out of the muff; there was a remnant that they purchased at our house, and a short piece of velvet, which they refused to give any account of, that was found upon them.
Q. Have you always given this account of the transaction above stairs as you do now; when you was examined before the magistrate did you state this circumstance of these prisoners going down on their knees? - A. I believe I did not.


                  RICHARD 
                  BURTON
               



             sworn. - I am an officer, I produce the shawl I received from Mr. Lloyd in the one pair of stairs back room in the absence of the prisoners.
Q. (To Mr. Lloyd.) Is that the shawl that was taken from the prisoners? - A. Yes, here is my mark upon it.


                  MARY 
                  NEWTON
               



             sworn. The prisoner 
               
                  Mary 
                  Morgan
               



             came into our shop and asked if I had a bonnet that would suit the old woman, the prisoner Wilson, she called her nurse. I suppose a month previous to that the same people came to our house, and said they were sent by my lady to buy a bonnet; when they came on the 4th, Morgan said,
"pray ma'am have you got this bonnet that I wanted;" at the moment I did not recollect them again; I hesitated for a moment; then the old woman, the nurse as she called her, Wilson, stepped forward and said it is for me ma'am. I said we have nothing of the kind that will suit you, for we never keep old ladies bonnets that is so plain as yours; Morgan said the fact is, my lady has sent nurse (calling Wilson the nurse) in the country for these last three months with the children, which was the reason she had not been before to order the bonnet; she said the lady wished nurse to look very nice; Morgan saw a bonnet on the stand; she said will you allow me to put it on; I said will you walk up stairs; oh no, said she, I do not mind taking my hat off in the shop, so she walked into the back shop; when we got into the back shop, she took the bonnet off, and said she should like to have it lined with a different colour; she thought it was a pretty bonnet. Wilson stepped forward, and said, now, ma'am, I will give you my directions about a bonnet; she said, she should like to look at some velvet; she then said, I recollect I have got a yard of velvet that was given to me, it will make no difference if I have my own made up; she would have some tippets of me; Morgan said you have not your velvet with you, suppose you say you will call on Wednesday morning, and bring the velvet with you. They left the shop.
Q. You saw them afterwards when they were brought back? - A. Yes, I was behind the counter. Morgan, in a very great apparent fright, ran into the shop, she seemed very much agitated; she came down to the bottom of the counter where I was standing, the shawls laid at the bottom of the counter, covered with a piece of velvet that was shewn to a lady for a pelice; as she came in after she had been apprehended, she said, what have I done to you, or what have you to say to me. She threw her hand behind her, I saw the corner of the shawl as Briscoe seized the shawl from her, she then said, I have not taken any thing of yours; I said to her, I saw you throw the shawl from your hand, she said Lord Jesus Christ, man, you cannot swear that, consider my children, I have got two or three children, I believe she took hold of my hand, and requested that I would not swear it, then they were taken up stairs. On my going up stairs, when I went into the room, she repeated it again, and hoped that I would not swear that I had seen her throw the shawl from her muff; she said that she had never done me any harm. The shawl and the two pieces of velvet is all that was found upon her.
Wilson's Defence. What has been sworn by this young man and the lady, is as false as God is true. As to my going on my knees, that is wrong, I had never done them any wrong, nor any body else, if I had wronged them I shouldhave thought it my duty; I never asked to look at any shawl.
Morgan's Defence. That young man has sworn very false against me, he took the shawl from the counter and said that I put it there.
Walker's Defence. I met Mrs. Morgan in the street, she said she was going towards Piccadilly. I told her I was going to the further end of Piccadilly; I went with her to Pall Mall, she said she was going into that shop for a bonnet that she had ordered when she came out, she said it was not done. I never went on my knees; if that young gentleman can look me in the face and say that, there he is, he never said so before the justice.
Morgan called one witness, who gave her a good character.
Walker called two witnesses who gave her a good character.
Wilson called one witness, who gave her a good character.
WILSON, 


               GUILTY of stealing, but not privately from the shop
            , aged 60.
MORGAN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.
WALKER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 27.






               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
