





258. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     WEST
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 29th of January
, two sacks, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Kidd
                  




               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Pooley.


                  JOHN 
                  PETERS
               



            . I am waggoner to Mr. Kidd, he resides at New Brentford


. On the the 28th of January I had been to Hammersmith with my master's waggon, I brought some empty sacks; I had eleven quarters seven bushels of wheat put in them, and two bundles of empty sacks at the top, and two bran sacks stuffed in behind; one sack was marked with my master's name, and the other with Mr. Griffith's name, he lives at Walham green; he delivered me that empty sack to put bran in, and to be sent back to him.
Q. What time of the day did you arrive at the Three Pigeons - A. About five o'clock. I took the waggon under the gateway, shut the gates up and left it there; when I put the waggon in I took out my coat, and then I saw the two sacks at the tail of the waggon; I missed these two sacks on Monday morning, the 30th of January. I have since seen them in the possession of Mr. Collit, the constable; I am sure they are the two sacks I left in my waggon at the Pigeons inn.


                  RICHARD 
                  BELL
               



            . I am a carrier from the Angel at Brentford. On Sunday the 29th of January, in the evening, the prisoner came to my house, he asked me if I would buy a sack of wheat; I told him no. He went down my yard; I followed him. I saw two sacks with wheat in them, in one cart, and another sack in another cart; he asked me leave to let him leave them in my stable till the evening, he would fetch them away; I gave him permission to put them there. He went away and I locked the stable up and kept the key myself; the next morning I was summoned on a jury at Westminster hall, I was obliged to be up early; I saw the two sacks that were marked with Mr. Kidd's name, and one in the name of Griffin. I gave Mr. Kidd information. I left the sacks in the stable and locked the stable door. He was to be with me on Monday evening, but I was not at home till after ten o'clock at night, then I understood he was apprehended. I delivered the three sacks to Mr. Collit the constable.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I was hired to sell the sacks; I was to have five shillings for selling them.



               GUILTY
            , aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Wood.
