





636. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  PHELPS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of July
, a handkerchief, value 6d. a silver watch, value 4l. 4s. a gilt chain, value 5s. and a seal, value 1s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edmund 
                           Brown
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  EDMUND 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn. - Q. Do you keep ahouse? - A. No; I am in lodgings at St. Catherine's stairs


.
Q. Does your landlord live in the same house?- A. Yes; I had lodged there about eleven weeks: On Friday, the 24th of July, I lost my watch about six o'clock in the morning; the prisoner lodged in the same room; he went to bed between nine and ten; I saw him go to bed; my watch was hung up over my head, in my trowsers fob; I had a gilt chain and seal to it; my handkerchief was in the adjoining room; and when I got up in the morning about six o'clock, I missed them; I found him on the Sunday week following in Ratcliffe-highway, and took him up; a black man told me where my watch was; I found it at Macdonald's, the Black Dog, in Denmark-street, on the Monday; I delivered it to the constable; the prisoner had the handkerchief round his neck.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not see me at Wapping Old-stairs before you took me up? - A. Yes, I did, but I was not able to take him, because I had no officer with me.
Jury. Q. Had he your handkerchief round his neck when you first saw him? - A. Yes, he had.
JOSEPH STARK sworn. - I am a mariner; I slept in the same room: I got up on the Friday morning about half past five, the watch was there then; the prisoner got up before the rest of us, and went out; I saw him again the Sunday week following; there were seven or eight of us; we got a constable out of church to take him; he had Brown's handkerchief then round his neck.
Q. Did you afterwards see the watch again? - A. Yes, in the hands of the constable.
Q. Was it the same that you had seen in the room? - A. I believe it to be the same.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



             sworn. - I am an officer;(produces the property;) I was sent for from church to take charge of this man; I think it was on Sunday the 1st of August; I took possession of the handkerchief which he had round his neck; Mr. Macdonald delivered the watch to me before the Magistrate. (The handkerchief was deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Thomas Macdonald was called upon his recognizance.
Prisoner's defence. I am an American born; I am innocent of the crime laid to my charge; I never was in the country before.
GUILTY, aged 21,
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
