







600. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WALL
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     NEATT
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     BARRETT
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of July
, thirty-six pounds of bacon, value 27s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Milward
                  




               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Gurney.)


                  GEORGE 
                  MILWARD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am a wholesale dealer in bacon
, in Goswell-Street


: the three prisoners were in my service.
Q. Do you know a person of the name of Coles? - A. Yes, he is a constable; I set him to watch the prisoners, in the salting-room, where the bacon was.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Have you any partner? - A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLES
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. On the 17th of July I was concealed in the salting-room, in one corner of Mr. Milward's premises; about nine o'clock in the morning the prisoners, Wall and Neatt, came in; I heard part of their conversation, they said they had but five shillings and sixpence per stone, and if it had not been for the b-y old b-h they should have had six shillings; they remained about three quarters of an hour, when the prisoner, Barrett, came in; I heard them say, before he came in, that he was ill; one of them said to the other, you stupid b - r, this is the side we must have, the rind of it is no thicker than a sixpence; upon that the stitch was thrown aside under the wrapper; 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Neatt
               



             said, we have got a piece boiling, we will have some peas, or cauliflowers, I cannot say which; then they went into the yard to drink some beer, and stopped near a quarter of an hour, and then they all three came back; but before they came, Mr. William Milward had been in; Wall and Neatt came in first, and one of them said, I cannot say which, he has been in, but d-n his eyes he is not up to us yet; then Barrett came in, and one of them said, you go and keep George washing the wrappers, and to look out for our master, for we are going to toss for a pot of beer.
Q. Who was George? - A. An old man that works there; upon that being said, Barrett went out; when he came in again, they took the side of bacon from under the wrapper and cut it through the middle; then they sent Barrett back again to tell him they were going to toss for another, Barrett then went back again; Wall then said to Neatt, here, take your whack, meaning his share, and he took one half under his smock frock; Wall put the other half under his, Neatt went foremost, and Barrett said to Neatt, how does your score stand now.
Q. What did that mean? - A. About what they were tossing for; Penn was within hearing; I then jumped out, and ran before them, says I, I will tell, you how your score stands, if you do not put down the bacon I will score your head, I had a cutlass in my hand; Neatt was very civil, and laid it down before my feet, from under his smock frock; Wall put his down from under his smock frock, upon the wrapper from which he had taken it, and said, this is the first time, I am not off the premises, and you shall not hurt me now; Barrett came towards the door, I shoved him in; says I, you are all concerned, if you attempt to get away I will blow your brains out; I then sent for Mr. Milward, and they were taken before the Magistrate.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q.Barrett was ill? - A. So they said.
Q. When he did come into the warehouse, the conversation he had was about chalking? - A. That was while the bacon was cut.
Mr. Gurney. Q.Was Barrett there when the bacon was removed? - A. I fancy not.
Q. Was he at the door looking at them when they were cutting the bacon up? - A. He was.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MILWARD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am the brother of the prosecutor: On the morning of the 17th of July, I was sent for, and saw the prisoners, and the side of bacon cut in two.
Q. Was it any part of their duty to cut up the bacon? - A. No; their employ was to dry this bacon; it is the same sort of bacon that my brother had in his warehouse.


                  GEORGE 
                  PAYNE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am employed by Mr. Milward: I was at the further end of the yard, when Barrett came and told me they were tossing up for a pot of beer; and in a few minutes after I heard the voice of a strange man; I turned about and went to the salting-house door, and saw the witness, Coles, with a cutlass in his hand, and the prisoners with the bacon at their feet.
The prisoners left their defence to their Counsel; Barrett called two witnesses, and Neatt one, who gave them a good character.
Wall, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 30.)
Neatt, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)
Barrett, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 27.)






               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  CHAMBRE
               



            .
