





597. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HENSHAW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of July
, a pair of boots, value 2 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Laird
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DONALDSON
               



             sworn. - I am a servant to Mr. Laird; he lives at No. 5, Great Cumberland-street


; the prisoner called at our house, I believe, on the 19th of July; he said he came from Mr. Goatley, a shoemaker, to bring back the boots; they were not finished.
Q. Did you know whether a pair of boots were sent home, or no? - A. No; I went to the back parlour, and I found a pair of boots were there; I immediately brought them to him; he shewed me where; the boots were not finished; he said they wanted a stiffening at the heel; I said, the gentleman is in the parlour, you must go and shew him what they want; he went into the parlour; I took the boots in my hand, and I left them on the table, where the gentleman, Mr. Laird, my master's brother, was sitting at the time; the prisoner put his hand down the boot, and turned it down, and said it wanted a stiffening at the heel. Mr. Laird said, take the boots, and asked how long he should keep them; he said he would bring the boots back in two hours.
Q. And then he took away the boots? - A. Yes, I let him out.
Q. You say he took them away, saying he would bring them back again in two hours - in two hours time he brought them back, did he? - A. No, he never brought them back.
Q. You were in the room when this passed between him and your master's brother - did you know the man at all? - A. No; I had seen him in the street very often before.
Q. You did not know whether he was Mr. Goatley's man or no? - A. No.
Q. You have never seen the boots again? - A. No.
- LEMING sworn. - Q. Are you servant to Mr. Goatley, shoemaker? - A. Yes, I am man of the shop.
Q. Did your master make a pair of boots for Mr. James Laird? - A. Yes, I delivered them at the house; they were quite finished.
Q. Did you send any body afterwards to fetch them back? - A. No, I carried them home the same day, two hours before the prisoner had them; I do not know the prisoner, he is no workman to Mr. Goatley.
Prisoner's defence. I am tried for stealing the boots, and he says his master gave them to me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 10,




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
