





477. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MOSS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of June
, a handkerchief, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lewis
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I live at No. 4, St. Vincent's-row, City Road. On the 27th of June, about six o'clock at night, I was at the Holborn corner of Fleet market


; I had come from Blackfrier's bridge; I had seen my handkerchief about five minutes before. As I was standing at the corner of Fleet market, a woman asked me if I had lost any thing, I felt in my pocket, I told her I had lost my handkerchief.
Q. Did you perceive your handkerchief go from you. - A. I did not.
Q. Did you perceive yourself hustled or pushed. - A. I did not. She immediately pointed out the prisoner to me, and in the space of a minute after she gave me the alarm; I saw the prisoner; I went with her directly to him, he was about two or three yards off, and the officer laid hold of him.
Q. What became of the handkerchief. - A. I saw it fall from his person; I picked it off the ground.
Q. Did you know the handkerchief to be yours when you picked it up. - A. Yes, it was worth five shillings.
Prisoner When he first accosted me, I told him I had no handkerchief but what was mine, as I knew of; when I was laid hold of there was a great mob; the handkerchief was found upon the ground.
Prosecutor. I do not recollect any thing of the kind.


                  JAMES 
                  WARD
               



            . I am a constable of the city. I only heard the charge made against him; I laid hold of him in consequence of that; I saw the handkerchief on the ground after I got him in custody; there was a great crowd about him when the prosecutor charged him with taking his handkerchief; he made no answer to it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARD
               



            . I was going up Fleet market, a woman said to me that the prisoner at the bar ought to be taken up, because he had his hand in the man's pocket. I watched the prisoner, he stood behind the prosecutor.
Q. Did you see him do any thing. - A. I did not, he was close to me; the woman asked Mr. Lewis if he had lost any thing, he said his handkerchief.
Q. Did you see any thing drop from him. - A. Yes, the handkerchief.
Q. Did the prisoner say any thing when he was laid hold of. - A. No.
Q. How near was the handkerchief to him when you saw it on the ground. - A. As near to him as my hand is to my side.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. My lord, and gentlemen of the jury, from agitation which every man must feel, being in this awful situation, together with the confinement of a prison, so overcomes me that I am not able to give my defence, without the indulgence of this honourable court in permitting this to be read. My lord and gentlemen, in the first place I am a sworn broker and appraiser; I am now in the fifty ninth year of my age; my conduct hitherto has been irreproachable. I have an ailing wife and four children, two of which are solely dependent on me for support. On the afternoon mentioned, I had been to Tottenham Court Road, to destrain goods for some rent for Mr. Dixon in the Old Bailey. After I left Mr. Dixon, I went into Fleet market, and was asking the price of some peas; and before I could turn round, the prosecutor or some person got hold of me, and said I had got their handkerchief; my answer was candid and honest, I said I had never seen him or his handkerchief. The market at this time was crowded, and no doubt with people of various descriptions; I was immediately laid hold of, and was informed the handkerchief was taken from off the ground. The prosecutor before the alderman said that I dropped the handkerchief on the ground, but from the crowd that were about at the time, I think it impossible for him or any man to distinguish from whom it fell. I solemnly declare that I never had the handkerchief in my possession. - Gentlemen, so far from the prosecutor knowing me to be the person that robbed him, he was not even aware that he had lost his property, till a woman pointed out me to him; whether she did it through ill will or malice, I cannot state; I think the latter from the best information; I learned that I did destrain the goods of this very woman, which so pointed me out. This is the manner she has chosen to be revenged of me, for the distress I brought upon her as she thought; whereas I did only the part of a broker. Gentlemen, if ever the case of innocence deserved the protection of a British jury, this does; I was dragged to a prison, and put to a great expence, entirely through a foolish woman, who would sacrifice the miserable life of an old man, to gratify her revenge. I trust you have already received the impressions of truth in my favour; and that by your generous verdict, I shall be restored to my family.
Q. (to prosecutor) I want to know whether you can say you saw the handkerchief drop from the hand of the prisoner. - A. I saw it drop by the side of him.
Q. Was there any person so near the side of him, that it could have fell from them. - A. There were other people before him; I saw it drop, I supposed it came from him; I did not see it in his hand, it is possible it may fall from one behind.
Q. Can you say with certainty whether it fell from him or any other person. - A. I saw it drop from him.
Q. You do very right to speak what is true, whatever may be the consequence of that truth; you are bound to speak the truth if you are conscious, and if you firmly believe it dropped from him, say so. - A. I am certain it dropped from him.
GUILTY, aged 58.




               Of stealing, but not privily from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
