





175. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of February
, a piece of hempen cloth containing twenty yards, value 22s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Walker
                  



               
            , the elder
, and 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Walker
                  



               
            , the younger
.
(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  JOHN 
                  CLARKSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a lighterman: I was turning round the corner of Mark-lane


, from Tower-street, I perceived a cart at a great distance, it was very dark, and no light near me; I thought at the time that the cart was moving; upon approaching nearer, I perceived a person on the opposite side of the way, considerably before me, go towards the cart very fast; I observed the prisoner jump up into the cart with a violent spring, and succeeded in taking away this property from the cart; the prisoner immediately returned from the cart, running much faster towards me than he did towards the cart, with the property in-his arms; I suspected he was after no good, and I immediately crossed the way, and met the man with the property on him; that person was the prisoner at the bar; he was just going to turn the corner of a passage, and he rather succeeded in turning the corner before I laid hold of him; he immediately dropped a piece of goods, which lay down close by him; at the moment that I laid hold of him, I pointed to the piece of goods, and said to him, how dare you bring this piece here; the answer he made was, that he knew nothing about it; I immediately collared him, and he endeavoured as much as he could, by struggling, to get away, but did not strike me; I still kept my hold of him, and he continued struggling, till I got assistance; I said to him, why do you struggle if you are not guilty; he said, what business had I to take hold of him by the collar; he continued struggling, I suppose, from three to five minutes before I got assistance, when William Edwards came up, he is a servant to Mr. Sedgwick; I took him into Mr. Sedgwick's shop; before I could get any assistance, I threw him into the shop, which is about fifteen yards from this passage; there were several men in Mr. Sedgwick's shop, and I desired them to take care of him while I went to fetch the property; I found it in the very same spot where he had dropped it.
Q. What was it? - A. It appeared to me to be hammock cloth; when I had fetched the property to Mr. Sedgwick's, I learned that it belonged to Mr. Walker, at the next door; I carried it there, and it was owned by Mr. Walker.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EDWARDS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a servant to Mr. Sedgwick, locksmith, in Mark-lane: I came up to Mr. Clarkson's assistance, he was in his custody when I came up.


                  DANIEL 
                  JEWSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am under beadle of Tower Ward: I was sent for to Mr. Walker's, in Mark-lane; I took charge of the prisoner, and this piece of goods.(Producing it).
Clarkson. This is the same piece of goods, I put my name upon it.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WALKER
               



            , senior, sworn. - I am in partnership with my son: This was one of the pieces that was in my own cart, they were brought from Berkshire, and delivered to my carman.
Prisoner's defence. This piece of cloth was among a good many other rolls, and they could not tell which it was.
Court. (To Clarkson.) Q. Was this thrown among other parcels? - A. It was given immediately into Mr. Walker's hands.
Mr. Walker. I received it form Clarkson, and he immediately put his name upon it; I stood by the piece till the constable came.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 27.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
