






125. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILSON, alias 
WILLIAMS





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of December
, seventeen shirts, value 5 l. forty handkerchiefs, value 2 l. twenty-seven pair of stockings, value 27 s. sixteen pair of breeches, value 8 l. three night-caps, value 1 s. three waistcoats, value 1 l. five coats, value 5 l. two jackets, value 3 l. three books, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Hugh 
                     Shepley
                  




               
            , Esq
.


                  HUGH 
                  SHEPLEY
               



            , Esq. sworn. - I live at Horslydown


: I only know that I lost my clothes from my house, they were taken out of my bed-room; I left my house on the 1st of December, and returned on the 3d.
- LOVETT sworn. - I am an officer of Marlborough-street: I apprehended the prisoner on the 2d of December, and searched his lodgings on the 4th; I produce a number of clothes, which I found in the prisoner's lodgings, in Castle-street, Swallow-street, they have been in my custody ever since; when I apprehended him, I searched him, and found six parcels of duplicates, describing a great part of the property mentioned in the indictment. (Produces the duplicates.)


                  JOHN 
                  FOY
               



             sworn. - I belong to the Public-office, Marlborough-street, I produce other clothes: On apprehending the prisoner, I searched him; I found on his person a pair of stockings, and two handkerchiefs; and on searching his lodgings, I found six handkerchiefs, one shirt, three pair of breeches, a pair of pantaloons, one night-cap, one waistcoat, six pair of stockings, and one pair of gloves.
Q. Whereabouts is Horslydown? - A. In Tooley-street, Surry.


                  JOHN 
                  STINMAN
               



             sworn. - I am a publican, I keep the sign of the Conduit, the corner of Conduit-street, Swallow-street: On the 3d of December, the prisoner at the bar came to my house for a lodging, my wife let him the lodging by the week, and he brought in, on the Tuesday following, three large bundles; he went away on the 7th, and before he went away, he brought in a Jew, and sold to him a number of articles of wearing apparel, such as coats, waistcoats, pantaloons, and two military laced jackets; he said, he brought them from on board a ship, he had been servant to an officer, and his master had given them to him, as his master had given up his commission, and was going to marry a lady of great fortune; when he was going away, he said he had no money to pay for his lodging, which was seven shillings, for the week; he left a pair of nankeen breeches, a pair of pantaloons, a waistcoat, and a pair of white trowsers; Mr. Shepley has seen them all, and says they are his property.


                  DAVID 
                  MYERS
               



             sworn. - I am a Jew, and a tailor and salesman, I live in Swallow-street: On the 7th of December last, the prisoner at the bar came to my house, and said he had a parcel of clothes to sell; he told me he lodged in Conduit-street, I had only a few doors to go with him; I went with him to his lodgings, where I saw Stinman; I bought two regimental jackets, three coats, two pair of leather breeches, a pair of pantaloons, and two waistcoats; I asked him whose property the jackets were; he said they belonged to the Duke of Rutland, that is all he said, and all I know. (Produces them.)


                  THOMAS 
                  VINCENT
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, I live with Mr. Page, No. 1, Sherrard-street, Golden-square: The prisoner at the bar pledged two shirts, a pair of drawers, and two waistcoats, which I produce.


                  HENRY 
                  YOER
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker: I produce a pair of pantaloons, and a pair of trowsers, pledged by the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  SUTHERLAND
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, I live in Vigo-lane, St. James's: I produce some clothes; the person who took them in has left my service; the articles were pledged on the 2d of December; Mr. Shepley has seen the articles.
WILLIAM OXFORD sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Dry, South-street, Manchester-square: I produce four bundles, one I took in myself, and another parcel I saw taken in by another person in the shop; these two parcels I remember, they have been in my possession ever since. On the 28th of January, I took in two pair of nankeen breeches, and a waistcoat, of the prisoner; and I saw him at our shop on the 23d of January, when he pledged the two other pair of nankeen breeches; I have no doubt of his person. (The property identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I was down at Brighton, I came up to town from a gentleman on board a ship, and when I came into Little St. James's-street, I I saw a gentleman's servant and two Jews bargaining for these articles; the Jews offered him fourteen pounds, I bid him fifteen pounds, and purchased them all; I think it was on Monday the 2d of December; I had a witness, but he has taken me at a disadvantage.
Prosecutor. I have got a witness here to prove, that he has been frequently at my house.

WILLIAM-
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  POPPILLOW
               



             sworn. - I live with Mr. Shepley; I recollect seeing the prisoner at the bar at Mr. Shepley's house, in the kitchen, two or three times; he used to come to see the man servant.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
