





271. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JOHNSON
                  , alias 
                     
JOHN ROBINSON JOHNSON





             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 22d of December
, being a servant employed by 
                     
                        
                           Joseph-Dalton 
                           Dewick
                        




                     
                  , printer
, as a compositor
, and being employed by him as such servant, did, by virtue of such employment, receive into, and have in his possession, one hundred and forty pounds weight of printing type, value 20 l. one hundred and forty pounds weight of printer's metal, value 20 l. one hundred and forty pounds weight of letters formed for printing, value 20 l. one hundred and forty pounds weight of types formed for printing, value 20 l. and one hundred and forty pounds weight of old metal, value 20 l. the goods of the said 
                     Joseph-Dalton Dewick
                  , that he afterwards, on the same day, fraudulently and feloniously did embezzle and make away with the same
            . And
Two other Counts, For the like offence, only varying the manner of charging.
(The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.)

JOSEPH-DALTON DEWICK
             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are a printer, living in Aldersgate-street


; the prisoner was a person employed by you in the capacity of a compositor? - A. Yes, he has been with me about five years.
Q. During the last fifteen months had you suffered any loss in your property? - A. Within these two years I have to the amount of three or four hundred pounds, but we never could find out the person that took them; they were printing-types that I lost.
Q. In consequence of information that you received from 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Clark
               



            , your foreman, was Mrs. Thompson desired to come to your house, and when? - A. Yes; in consequence of this information, I went to Mr. Thompson on Easter-Sunday; there I saw a quantity of printing type letters to the amount of one hundred and forty pounds, that was the property that belonged to me, which I could swear to.
Q. Mr. Thompson shewed it you willingly and readily? - A. Most certainly; I then requested Mrs. or Mr. Thompson to call upon me the next morning, to identify the person of the prisoner; Mrs. Thompson called on me the next morning about ten o'clock; I called the prisoner down stairs, and immediately upon his seeing Mrs. Thompson, he scarcely replied to my question; he equivocated very much, and turned his back immediately to Mrs. Thompson, and went away up stairs; I called him down the second time, and asked her whether that was the person that sold the letters to her husband (the prisoner was present in the room) under the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Robinson
               



            ; Mrs. Thompson replied he was the person, and she would swear to it; I said, Johnson, you are conscious of having robbed me to a considerable amount, have you any recollection of having sold metal at this lady's house; he acknowledged the circumstance, and said he knew he had, but it was not my property; I then gave him in chargeof the constable, who took him before the Sitting Alderman.
Q. Was there any receipt produced before the Sitting Alderman? - A. There was a receipt produced before the Sitting Alderman by Mr. Thompson; a receipt of the said 
               
                  John 
                  Robinson
               



            ; there are a variety of circumstances attending it; I can swear to the property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMPSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a letter-founder: I live at No. 62, Grubb-street.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. I have seen him at my house twice; on the 8th and 22d of December last.
Q. What did he come to your house for? - A. To sell some old metal as he stiled it; I asked him by what means he came by it; he replied, it was the property of one Mr. Simpson, now deceased, and he sold it on account of his widow; I asked him by what means he came to me, seeing I was not much known among printers; he replied that Mr. Clark recommended him; I asked him if it was 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Clark
               



            , the overseer at Mr. Dewick's; he replied, yes; I told him, under those circumstances I would buy it, and as he sold it on account of a widow, I would give him nearly the price in money which we usually take it for in exchange; I gave him threepence halfpenny a pound; I purchased one hundred and forty pounds for seven pounds.
Q. After you had bought this property did Mr. Dewick call at your house? - A. Yes, in consequence of the suspicions that he had when Mr. Clark told him that he had not recommended any person to me, which was in consequence of my thanking Mr. Clark for sending a person to me, which he said he had not.
Q. Is there any thing in those receipts which you have in your hand, that is important with respect to the prisoner's signature? - A. When Mr. Dewick came to examine one of them, he observed that he had begun to write the name that he goes by there, but here he signed his name 
               
                  John 
                  Robinson
               



            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  CLARK
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are overseer to Mr. Dewick, of course you know the prisoner's name? - A. I always understood his name was Johnson; I did not know that he assumed any other.
Q. Did you ever recommend the prisoner to sell any property to Mr. Thompson? - A. Never. (The property produced and identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I carried these articles to the house of Mr. Thompson, for the behalf of the widow of one Simpson. This Simpson had the same access to this property as I had, provided it is Mr. Dewick's property; he was employed by Mr. Dewick to melt a quantity of old metal, and to cast them into types of different descriptions; Mr. Dewick has delivered a vast quantity to him at various times; there are a great many of these that are used in printing-offices in town; there is no private mark can be on them; how can Mr. Dewick swear that it is his property.
Court. Q. Where is the widow? - A. She is gone home to her native country; she is a native of North Britain.
Dewick. A man of the name of Simpson worked in my house for two or three days; I never sold him a single letter or metal of any description; that is two years ago; here are letters in this box that have been cast for me since the death of Simpson; he died in May, 1804; this property was sold in December, 1804. He never occupied any thing but a garret; it was not likely he should have this property.
The prisoner called one witness who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
