





535. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HUTCHINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of June
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Gifford
                        




                     
                  , widow
, a box, value 1 halfpenny, thirteen shillings, a piece of base coin, value 1 Farthing, and a piece of copper coin, value 1 farthing, and a bank note, value 1 l. her property
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  GIFFORD
               



            . I am a widow. On Monday morning the 19th of June, between seven and eight in the morning, I was in Newgate market


, I had the box and money safe in my pocket; I felt the prisoner's hand in my pocket; I clapped my hand to my pocket, and found that I missed my box; I laid hold of his collar, I said you villain, you have robbed me, he said me, I said yes, you, and if you do not give it me, I will lose my life before I will lose my property; he slipped it out of his hand on the top of a basket.
Q. Was there any body close by you at the time you felt his hand in your pocket - A. Nobody but him when I catched hold of him.
Q. Had you observed him near you before that time - A. I cannot say I had.
Q. What were you doing at the time you thought you felt his hand in your pocket - A. I was under Mr. Cope's shop, a fruiterer's shop; I was bargaining for some cucumbers at the time he put his hand in my pocket.
Q. Was he secured then - A. There was some little tustle till I got my property from him. Immediately the clerk of the market took him, I did not wish to prosecute him on account of his family; I have since heard that he has a family.
Q. It was not upon that account that you let him go at that instant - A. No.
Q. Are you quite sure that he is the same person, though you parted with him - A. Yes, he is the same man that I laid hold off.
Q. You did not know the man before, did you - A. No.
Q. Therefore you did not know any thing about his family at that time - A. No, only what I have heard since.
Q. What was the contents of your box - A. A one pound note, thirteen shillings in silver, a bad shilling, and a foreign farthing; I have the box, the money I was obliged to make use of. I saw him slip the box out of his hand on the basket.
Mr. Reynolds. Do you mean to say that you saw him distinctly put it out of his hand on the basket - A. Yes, I clasped my arms around him, and when I turned round I saw it on the basket.
Q. You had got him in front, you could not see through him - A. I turned round and saw the box that he put on the basket, I said you dropped it; a woman said she saw him put it out of his hand. The prisoner and I fell down in struggling; that was after I had my box.
Q. How many persons were there when this happened- A. A great number; but there were no person by when I felt his hand in my pocket.
Q. I do not believe the clerk of the market interfered till this man was pretty well mauled about - A. Yes; a whole mob set about him, and then he run till he got him.
Prisoner's Defence. Please you, my lord, I am taken at a nonplus for character; I have nobody here at present; if it was referred till tomorrow I could have many.



               GUILTY
            , aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
