





517. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     QUIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of July
, a portable writing-desk, value 51. 5s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hanford
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HANFORD
               



             sworn - I am a portable desk maker
, No. 94, Strand, nearly opposite Southampton-street


; I know nothing of the loss.


                  THOMAS 
                  HEARNE
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Simmons, No. 95, in the Strand, On Saturday last I saw the desk taken from Mr. Hanford's window, about nine o'clock in the evening; I had my hands full of boots; I was just by Mr. Hanford's door; it was an open window, the fash was out for shewing the goods; the prisoner is the man, he took it with both hands, and walked away very gently; two gentlemen stopped him before I could give the alarm; I cannot swear to the desk. (The desk produced.)
Hanford. This desk was in the window; there might be three or four or five upon it; it was marked five guineas.
Q. What is the value of it; what would it cost you making? - A. I cannot say.
Q. Would it cost forty shillings? - A. Yes.
Q. What was the lowest priced desk in that window? - A.Fifteen shillings and sixpence; I never make any with brasses at the corners under two guineas.
Q.(To Hearne.) Do you think it was as large a desk as that? - A. Yes, full.
Hanford. There was only one more desk of this size in the window, and that was marked four guineas and a half.
Q. Did that desk which you marked four guineas and a half stand you in more than forty shillings making? - A. Yes, it must.
Prisoner. The boy said, at the Justice's, that he saw me go into the shop.
Hearne. I did not say so; I said I saw him take it from the window.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY (Aged 24.)
Of 


               Stealing goods, value 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
