





389. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     LONG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of April
, a pair of coach wheels value 6 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Turner
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am a coach painter
, I live in Little Wild-street


. I lost the wheels on the 27th of April, they were taken from a place adjoining the stairs in the yard. The prisoner had worked for me about a fortnight.


                  JAMES 
                  WEST
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 27th or 28th of April I saw a man come out of the yard with a pair of wheels; there was a stick run in between the wheels, and with his running them along the stick broke. He tried to tie the stick up again; he went a very few yards before the stick gave way; he went into the yard and got another stick, and wheeled them off.
Prisoner. Look me in my face, can you say I was the person. - A. I know you very well, I was in your company twenty minutes; you went up towards Drury-lane with the wheels. I did not suspect him then.
Q. Did not you swear before the magistrate that it was Tuesday morning, a quarter after four. - A. It was either Monday or Tuesday, I am sure as to the hour, it was twenty minutes after four o'clock.


                  ANN 
                  GARNIS
               



            . I am a milliner and mantua-maker, I live at No. 17, Wilstead-street, Somers Town; my child was very ill on Monday night; on Tuesday morning at three o'clock I told my servant to knock at that young man's door for a match; I heard Mr. Long cough from three o'clock till six o'clock; he never went out of the house that day, he was unwell.
Q. What day of the month was it. - A. I believe it was the 26th or 27th of April.
JANE - . I live with Mrs. Garnis. On Tuesday the 26th or 27th of April I heard this young man a coughing at three o'clock in the morning; he did not go out all that day. he was unwell.
Q. How many days was it before the 1st of May. A. Ten or eleven; I am sure it was as long as that.
Prosecutor. He missed coming to work on the twenty-eighth.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
