





28. 
               
                  
                     TIMOTHY 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3d of November
, three pounds weight of sugar, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas Cartwright 
                     Slack
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Burgess
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CARTWRIGHT
               



             SLACK. I am a sugar refiner

, I live in Gravel lane, Houndsditch; 
               
                  Edward 
                  Burgess
               



             is my partner.


                  RICHARD 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Slack. On the 3d of November I found some sugar concealed in a cask in the premises adjoining the sugar house, where the prisoner was in the habit of working. I informed my master of it. On the 4th, in the morning, about eight o'clock; my master took this cask out of the place where this man had placed it; there was some of his dirty clothes in it; the prisoner was working in the place at the time; master asked the prisoner if the clothes were his, he acknowledged they were; the sugar was at the bottom of the cask, master asked him if he had placed it there; he hesitated, and at last he said he put it there himself to sweeten his tea.

Q. What quantity was there of it - A.Between three and four pound of refined sugar. He was taken in custody.


                  JAMES 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am an officer. I produce the sugar; there is four pound In taking the prisoner to the counter I asked him how he could be so unwise to do such a thing; he said he had taken it there merely to carry it back again, that he had some other business to do when he left it there.
Prosecutor. I have no doubt it is my sugar. When it was found I could have pointed out the spot from whence it was taken.
Q. Do you allow them to take this sugar for tea - A They are allowed to take it into their sitting room to sweeten their tea, but not in this quantity, not to secret it in the place where they keep their clothes.
Q. How far was it removed from the place where it ought to be - A. About thirty yards. It was taken entirely into a separate place, to a shed in the yard.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the charge.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
