





159. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 13th of January
, a gown, value 5 s. a pair of stockings, value 1 s. two pair of half stockings, value 1 s. and a pair of breeches, value 25 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lawler
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  CONNER
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lawler
               



            , he keeps the York Arms, Carter Street, May Fair




. On the 13th of this month, the articles mentioned in the indictment were taken out of a box in the adjoining room to 
               
                  Peter 
                  Evans
               



            's room; the prisoner is a soldier
, he was billeted in Mr. Lawler's house.
Q. When had you seen these clothes. - A. On the 13th of January, between two and three o'clock; when I went up stairs the prisoner was supporting the lid of the box with one hand and turning over the things with the other hand; the box had been left locked, and strapped over; besides I had seen the box about half an hour before that, it appeared safe then; the prisoner said he had been taking things out two or three times and selling them.
Q. This room did not belong to the prisoner. - A. No, he went through that room to go to his own.
Q. When you saw this, did you alarm the house. - A I did, but he went down stairs and went out; we did not see him for two or three hours; before he got to the foot of the stairs, I called my mistress, she was cleaning herself, she came as soon as she could, he was gone then.

Q. Was there any thing removed from the box. - A. A silk gown and a pair of stockings; they were all found under the prisoner's bed.
Q. What did you find under the prisoner's bed. - A. A silk gown, a pair of stockings, one pair of half stockings, and a pair of breeches; they were under his pillow; they were left in the house under Mr. Lawler's care they belonged to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Clark
               



            .
ALEXANDER BALL. I am a constable of St. Geerge's; Hanover-square; I examined the box and the room, the room door was wide open, the staple of the box had been forced and the lock drove back; at nine o'clock the prisoner was brought to me at the watch-house; the prisoner never spoke a word till he got down stairs at the watchhouse; I said it must be him that had sold the three waistcoats, two without sleeves and one with; and I told him he had got other things besides; he immediately said, I suppose you mean those things I have got under my pillow.
Q. When you went to Lawler's house did you see the things that were under the pillow. - A. Yes, I took them out. The next morning he said he had no confederate whatever nor was any person concerned with him; he was drunk or else he should not have done it; that he opened the box with an iron nail. These are the things that were taken out of the prisoner's bed.
Q. to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Conner
               



            . Do you know that any of the things that are now produced were taken out of that box. - A. No, I do not know any thing that was in it; Mr. Lawler is not here, nor 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Clark
               



            .
Q. Do you think the gown is worth five shillings. - A. Yes, and the stockings are worth a shilling.
Prisoner's Defence. I belong to the first regiment of guards. I did not break the box open, it was fastened down with nothing but a strap.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
