





493. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     FORBES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of April
, eight shirts, value 2l. two jackets, value 15s. sixteen other jackets, value 4l. five waistcoats, value 15s. threepetticoats, value 10s. two sheets, value 3s. two other shirts, value 8s. six yards of linen cloth, value 6s. and three yards of woollen cloth, value 1l. 10s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Dixon
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  DIXON
               



             sworn. - I keep a house in Fenchurch-street


, the corner of Philpot-lane; I am a slop-seller
; the prisoner was a weekly servant
 of mine: On Saturday, the 25th of April, about two o'clock, she brought in thirty seamen's jackets that she had made during the week, just at the time my servants were at dinner; I had suspected her some time, for we had missed a great many things, and I was determined to lie in wait, which I did; she always made a point of coming when my servants were at dinner, which made me suspect her; I saw her take two cloth jackets from off the counter, and put them into a bag with those she had brought in; she looked round to see if any body was watching her, and came to the same place again, I saw her take six fine calico check shirts from a puncheon that stood in the warehouse, which she put inside her bosom, and under her petticoats, and different places of concealment about her person; my servant then came down from dinner, and she went out, saying she wanted a little refreshment; she immediately went out to the door, and I watched her; when she had got out, she took to her heels as fast as she could run; I did not overtake her till she got to Cullum-street; she stopped at a door there and took out the shirts from under her petticoats, and was putting them into a canvass bag; I brought her back, took her to the counting-house, and sent for a constable; I took from her seven check shirts and two white ones; the two jackets she did not take out of the warehouse.
Q. What may be the value of the eight shirts? - A. Forty-shillings; I went to the Poultry Compter to her and begged of her to tell me where the other things were; I found nothing at her lodgings; I went again to her, and upon her person found seventy-one duplicates concealed between her stays and her body; I then went to ten different pawnbrokers; I delivered the duplicates to the constable; the pawnbrokers were all summoned before the Lord Mayor; but not one of them attended.
Cross-examined by Mr. Hart. Q. How many times was she taking these things? - A. I saw her take the check shirts twice, and the white ones once.
Q. Why did not you interpose when you saw her take the two jackets? - A. I did not think it proper.
Q. Then you wished to wait till she should commit a capital offence, that you might hang this woman? - A. I wished to see that she was a thief.
Court. Q. Did she take these things one after another as fast as she could take them? - A. Yes; she was not ten minutes about it.
ROBERT DOWLING sworn. - I am headborough; eight shirts were delivered to me by Mr. Dixon. (Produces them).


                  JOHN 
                  SAUNDERS
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody; I took her to the Compter, that is all I know of it.(The shirts were identified by Mr. Dixon).
Mr. Alley. Q. Has not your brother, upon Tower-hill, lately claimed a share in your business? - A. That business is now settled, he has not been a partner with me for two years.
The prisoner left her defence to her counsel, and called five witnesses, who gave her a good character. 


               GUILTY of stealing goods, value 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
