





250. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of December
, fifty pounds weight of raisins, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     West
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  WEST
               



            . I am a grocer
; I live in Shoreditch, On the 12th of December, my man went out with the cart; he brought home one frail of raisins short.
Q. Have you any partner - A. No.


                  DANIEL 
                  CARTWRIGHT
               



            . I am an officer. On the 12th of December, near six in the evening, I was coming up Bishopgate street


, I saw Mr. West's cart with a hogshead of sugar, and several baskets of raisins in the cart; the cart was coming on gently, I saw the carman looking behind his cart, as if he had lost something; I said nothing to him, I walked a little further; I saw the prisoner and another man with this frail of raisins on his head; as I got up to them the prisoner said Ding it; the man that had them on his head went into the middle of the street and I after him; I took them off his head; I got hold of the raisins in one hand and the man with the other; the prisoner came from off the path into the middle of the road, and struck me a violent blow between my eyes; with that and other assistance, and with my holding the property, the man was rescued from me; I called out stop thief as loud as I could, and my holding the basket of raisins I could not pursue them; they all got away that time.
Q. He said Ding it - what does Ding it mean - A. I suppose seeing of me it was to throw the property away; with the lights of the shop they all saw my face before I got to them; I had a perfect sight of the prisoner and the man before him, but not of the man that had the basket of raisins on his head.
Q. Are you sure this is one of the men - A. I am certain it is; I knew the prisoner.
Q. Are you certain it was him that said Ding it - A. The word Ding it was said by one of the men, but which of them I cannot say; I am sure this is the man that came across and struck me.


                  THOMAS 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a carman; I was going home from 
               
                  Jacob 
                  Darwin
               



            's, in Rood lane with a hogshead of sugar and five baskets of raisins; I walked most of the way behind the cart, till I came to the New London tavern; there was a good many coaches standing, I was obliged to go by the side of the horse; I had not been walking by the side of the horse above two minutes before I saw a man walk away from behind the cart with a basket of raisins; I thought it was mine, I directly went behind the cart and found I had lost a basket of raisins; I cried stop thief; Mr. Cartwright had got the man; it was very light; I saw three men in company; I believe one of them struck the officer; they made off towards Threadneedle street.
Q. Look at the prisoner, do you know whether he is one of them - A. I have not the least knowledge of him.
Q. to West. Look at these raisins, are they yours - A. I really cannot say; the baskets are so much alike, though we have no doubt.
Q. to Phillips. Can you say that basket, that Cartwright stopped, was taken out of your cart - A. I believe it was; the man went away from the cart with that basket, and the same basket Mr. Cartwright stopped the man with directly.
Mr. Alley. Do you mean to swear that that is the basket you lost out of the cart - A. I do not.
Prisoner's Defence. I am totally innocent of the charge; I never struck Cartwright in my life, nor gave him an angry word, nor never was in company with any body that did.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
