





248. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BRAY
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Anthony 
                           Harrison
                        




                     
                  , John Litley, his servant, and others, being therein, about the hour of four in the afternoon of the 18th of February
, and burglariously stealing seventy-two yards of ribbon, value 9s.
             the property of the said Anthony.
ANTHONY HARRISON sworn. - I live at No. 5, Panyer-alley, Newgate-street, and have a house and shop in Fenchurch-street


; John Litley, a servant of mine lives there, I do not sleep there myself.


                  JOHN 
                  LITLEY
               



             sworn. - I am shopman to Mr. Harrison, in Fenchurch-street: On Wednesday last, between five and six o'clock, as near as I can tell, Sapwell came in to know if our shop-window had been cut; I then looked in the window, and missed the goods; upon which he immediately produced to me eight pieces of ribbon; I looked at them, some had the marks torn off, and others had part of the marks left, which I knew to be my marking; I looked at the window, which had been cut before, and mended by a glazier, the piece which had been put in was gone; I had seen the ribbon there at eight o'clock in the morning; the piece was put in with putty and sacks, about a fortnight before; the hole was not large enough for me to put my hand in, a boy's hand might go in; Mr. Sapwell has the ribbons, they are Mr. Harrison's property.
THOMAS SAPWELL sworn. - I am an officer of the Ward of Bishopsgate: Last Wednesday, about four o'clock, I was sent for to Mr. Page's, in Bishopsgate-street, haberdasher, the prisoner was there; I took off his hat, and in his hat I found five rolls of ribbon, and one roll, which I believe dropped from behind him, but I did not see it drop, and two rolls were taken from him by Mr. Bevan; I asked him how he came by them.
Q. Did you make him any promise of favour? - A. No; I said he had better tell the truth. (Produces the ribbons).
GEORGE THOMAS BEVAN sworn. - When the prisoner was brought into our shop, he fell down upon the floor, and two rolls of ribbon rolled from him; I believe these to be the two.
Q.(To Litley.) How many servants have you in the house? - A. A shopwoman, and a little schoolboy.
Q. Can you venture to swear, that from eight o'clock in the morning, when you saw the ribbons, till Sapwell came in, there was not one minute of time when some one of you was not in the house? - A. I can; I am sure of it.(The two rolls that fell from the prisoner upon the floor, were deposed to by Litley).
Prisoner's defence. It was not me that did the crime. GUILTY, aged 14.




               Of stealing the goods, but not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
