







257. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BARNES
               




            , 
               
                  MARY 
                  HODGES
               




            , and 
               
                  JAMES-HARRISON 
                  GODDARD
               



            , were indicted, the first for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Kern
                     



                  , about the hour of twelve in the night of the 3d of February

, and burglariously stealing, nine yards of linen check, vaule 9s. two yards and a half of Welch flannel, value 2s. 6d. five yards and a half of printed cotton, value 5s, 6d a linen gown, value 5s. four pair of worsted stockings, value 4s. three pair of thread stockings, value 3s. a pair of child's cotton stockings, value 6d. two pair of child's fustian breeches, value 3s. three shammy leather skins, value 3s. a pair of cotton gloves, value 1s. 6d. a pair of men's shoes, value 2s. 6d. two yards of printed cotton, value 2s. two yards of linen check, value 2s. five pair of worsted stockings, value 5s. half a yard of brown cloth, value 6d. two yards of wrapper, value 1s. 6d. a pair of corderoy breeches, value 7s. a cotton gown, value 4s. a linen check apron, value 2s. two pair of worsted stockings, value 4s. three pieces of brown Holland, value 2s. nine yards of linen cloth, value 6s. three yards of flannel, value 3s. four yards of linen check, value 4s. seven yards of printed check, value 7s. a pair of thread stocking, value 1s. a pair of velveteen breeches, value 7s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 2s. 6d. four yards of linen check, value 4s. eleven shammy leather skins, value 11s. twenty-four pair of cotton stockings, value 24s. thirteen pair of worsted stocking, value 13s. seven pair of breeches, value 2l. 11s. seven waistcoats, value 20s. a lady's great-coat, value 3s. two coats, value 3s. a fustian coat, value 1s. two pair of trowsers, value 4s. four pair of gloves, value 8s. a dimity petticoat, value 3s. eighteen pair of gloves, value 18s. five pair of cotton gloves, value 5s. eighteen yards of flannel, value 18s. thirty-four yards of check, value 34s. and eight yards of Holland, value 8s.
             the property of the said William; and the other two prisoners for 


               receiving a parcel of the same goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Raine).
ELIZABEEH KERN sworn. - Examined by Mr. Raine. I am the wife of William Kern, who keeps a country shop
, at Sunbury, in Middlesex



; my husband was the last up; he is not here.
Q. Do you yourself know, that the premises were secured? - A. Yes; I went to bed on the night of Tuesday the 3d of February, about eleven o'clock, the shop windows were barred, I saw them safe; between six and seven o'clock the next morning, we were called up by some people going past; when I came down, I found the window framewrenched out from the brick wall, they got in between the brick wall and the window frame, they had attempted at another place, but did not succeed, at the window next the water-side; one part of the house fronts the river Thames, and the other part is in French-street; upon examining the goods, we missed the articles mentioned in the indictment; I found a dark lantern that they had left behind them, in a passage, coming from the upper warehouse to the door; the warehouse and shop are all one, there is a step-ladder goes from the one to the other.
Q.Shall you be able to speak to the goods, when they are produced? - A. Yes.
Court. Q.Then the shop and the warehouse make part of you dwelling-house? - A. Yes, it is all under the same roof.
Q. You were not at all alarmed in the night? - A. No, only by the wind, which was excessively high; I heard a noise between one and two o'clock, and got up, but I thought it was the wind, and I went to bed again.
JOHN RUSSELL sworn. - Examined by Mr. Raine. I am constable of Hampton: On Wednesday the 11th of February, Mr. Bushell brought me this bundle, containing eleven shammy leather skins, and in the afternoon I went to search the house of Barnes, at Kensington, Thorpe and Mr. Bushell went with me; we found Mrs. Gillett there, her husband went out upon our going in, and said, he would go and fetch Barnes and Mary Hodges, but I have never seen him since; I found in that room, the articles contained in this bundle, (producing it;) Barnes was brought over to the White-hart, in custody, and upon him was found a pair of breeches, which Mrs. Kern claimed; Mary Hodges was brought in custody also, and upon her person was found this gown and check apron, which were claimed by Mrs. Kern: On Thursday morning, the 12th, I went to Mr. Goddard's, at Sunbury, I told him we were come to enquire what goods he had belonging to Mrs. Kern; he seemed violently agitated, and desired me to go down stairs to his wife, who would inform me, and she informed me, that they were buried in the garden; she directed me to an apple-tree, in their garden, before the house, it was a very frosty morning, and I could easily discover that it had been fresh dug; I dug there and found two pair of stockings, some check, some brown Holland, and some coarse linen, which have been sworn to by Mrs. Kern; I then went to Mr. Luker's, a pawnbroker, at Kingston, and to Mr. Clarke's, who is also a pawnbroker, at Kingston, and from there to Michael Hayman's, in Blackman street, in the Borough, where I found as many goods belonging to Mrs. Kern, as would fill two sacks.
Q. Is he a pawnbroker? - A. He sells a variety of articles, he is a general dealer.
JOHN THORPE sworn. - Examined by Mr. Raine. I was with Russell, I apprehended Barnes and Hodges, while Russell was gone with the goods over to the Wick; I apprehended them in a two pair of stairs back-room, in Dalton's lodging-house, as it is called, that was immediately after the search; I took them to the White-hart, at Hampton-wick; Barnes attempted to make his escape.
Court. Q.Where is Dalton's lodging-house? - A.Very near the church-yard, in the horsefair; Barnes lived in Back-lane; he had on a pair of breeches, and a pair of stockings, which Mrs. Kern claimed; Mary Hodges had on a gown, a check apron, and I think a petticoat, which Mrs. Kern claimed; they did not attempt to deny but what they were the property of Mrs. Kern; Barnes hardly uttered a word; Mr. Russell has had them ever since; I have the dark-lantern, (produces it;) and here is the fill of the window,(producing it;) we have also a tool here that was found at Barnes's, which matches with the marks in the fill.
THOMAS BUSHELL sworn. - Examined by Mr. Raine. I am a tailor, at Kingston: Last Tuesday was a week, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hodges
               



             came to my father's house, and said, she had got some skins, and some other articles; she asked me if I would buy them, they were shammy leather skins; I bought them of her, and after she was gone, I observed Mrs. Kern's name upon the paper; I went over to Mrs. Kern's, she was not at home, but I found her at Russell's; I shewed her the skins, and she claimed them; I went with Russell to the house of Barnes, the next day, and found this crow that has been produced in the lower room, occupied by Gillett, and in Barnes's apartments, up stairs, I found some brown Holland, a piece of canvas, and some stockings, which I delievered to Russell and Thorpe.


                  MARY 
                  GILLETT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Raine. Q.Now be careful and speak the truth, and the whole truth exactly as it occurred? - A. Yes.
Q. Are you married to John Gillett? - A. I am.
Q. He is gone out of the way? - A. Yes; James Barnes and Mary Hodges rented a room of me.
Q. Do you remember any conversation among any of the prisoners at the bar, before the robbery was committed, about going to Mrs. Kern's? - A. A day or two before, I heard Barnes and my husband say, that they would go and get into a house, at Sunbury, and they would get something that should satisfy them.
Q. Did they say where the house was? - A.Near the water-side; they both went out that night, about ten o'clock, and returned between four and five in the morning, saying that they were put by atthe shop, and they concluded to go again on the Tuesday evening, which they did; they left my house about ten o'clock, and said they were going to the shop, at Sunbury, by the water-side; they returned between four and five, it might be five o'clock in the morning, they came and called me up.
Q.Was it dark when they called you? - A. Yes; they brought three sacks of wearing apparel, such as gowns and gown-pieces, checks, brown Holland, and stockings, both cotton and worsted, gloves, silk and cotton, and a great many other articles; there were a great many shammy leather skins, the things were all put into their room; 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hodges
               



             cut off a piece of check, with which she made herself an apron; there were two gowns, she had one and I the other, and a black quilted petticoat likewise; Goddard came to my house the same evening; Mary Hodges and I went up stairs, and cut off some flannels, some check, and some white coarse linen, which I gave to my brother.
Q. Is Goddard your brother? - A. Yes, he is my own brother; and there was also a pair of stockings.
Q. Did you, or Hodges, or Barnes, tell him where these things had been got from? - A. No, I don't think they did, he is as innocent as my child.
Q. What was Barnes? - A.He had been a sailor and a soldier.
Q.What is Goddard? - A. He works at daylabouring work for a gentlemen.
Q. What did he want with checks and linen? - A. It was given to him as a present; Barnes and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hodges
               



             went to Mr. Clarke's, and sold a great number of things and I went with them to keep them company; I took a piece of dark cotton of seven yards to Mr. Luker's.
Q.Recollect yourself, whether upon any occasion, your brother was present when this robbery was talked of? - A.Never in my hearing.
Court. Q.How many pair of stockings had Goddard? - A.Two pair of men's stockings, and I believe two pair of boys, two yards of brown Holland, and a piece, four yards of flannel, and four yards of check.
Q. Look at that crow - did you ever see that before? - A. Yes; that is that bar that they made to attempt that shop, and other places that they chose to go to; Barnes brought it from a house by the water-side, it was the top bar of a kitchen range, they both made it red-hot over the fire, they pointed it at one end, and made it flat at the other.
JOHN CLARKE sworn. - Examined by Mr. Raine. I am a pawnbroker, at Kingston: On Wednesday the 5th of February, the prisoner Hodges brought me this piece of cotton, seven yards, I lent her six shillings upon it; Mrs. Gillett sent me, by her daughter, a pair of breeches; she told me, that whatever was brought by her daughter, was the same thing as if she came herself; the next day, Gillett and his wife both came to my shop, and I bought of them a pair of velveret breeches, a pair of leather breeches, and a petticoat. (Produces them.)
Q.Are they new? - A. No, they are secondhand; they are sale made things.
Q.Open them? - A. The linings seem to be new.
Q. Is the petticoat worn out? - A. It is a very good petticoat, she has worn it one day, I think she said.
One of the Jury. They are all new.
- LUKER sworn. - Examined by Mr. Raint. Mrs. Gillett brought me a gown-piece, it laid a few days in pawn, and then she came and took it out; I bought it of her, and gave her fifteen-pence a yard, there were seven yards.
Russell. Upon enquiry for it, he told me he had sold it again.
Court. (To Luker.) Q.Did this woman deal in linen? - A. She said she had bought it to make her a gown, it is a very common cotton.
Q.You buy goods of people, and never enquire who they are? - A. I knew the woman very well, I never heard any harm of her; Mary Hodges brought me a pair of cotton hose, and a pair of new velveteen breeches; I lent her seven shillings upon them, that was as much as she wanted, and also two check aprons.
Q.(To Mrs. Gillet.) Look at that dark lantern? - A.This is the same lantern that 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hodges
               



             said she had borrowed of one Mary Long, at Kingston, for my husband and Barnes to go out with that night.
Q.(To Mrs. Kern.) Look at the breeches found upon Barnes? - A.They are mine, they have my mark; here is the gown found upon 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hodges
               



            ; I know this to be mine, and the black stuff petticoat that she had on was mine, a pair of cotton stockings, and this apron.
Q.Now look at the shammy leather skins? - A.There is my own hand-writing upon it.
Q.Now look at the articles found under the apple-tree, at Goddard's? - A.This linen cloth is mine, and the flannel; this brown Holland is mine, it is now cut into pin-cloths.
Q.Have you examined all these articles? - A. Yes, they are all mine.
Q. To what amount do you suppose you were robbed? - A. I am sure they could not be replaced for one hundred pounds.
Russell. Here are two sacks of the articles that I found at Hayman's.
Mrs. Kern. I have looked them over, they are all mine.
Barner's defence. These breeches, that the lady has sworn to, are mine; I bought them in town,she put the mark upon them after they were taken from me.
Q.(To Mrs. Kern.) Did you put the mark on before or after? - A. There was a mark upon them before.
Goddard's defence. I am innocent of the charge; my wife was frightened after she heard that my sister was taken up, and she hid them, I did not hide them.(The prisoner Hodges put in a written defence as follows:)
The defence of Mary Hodges, most humbly addressed to this honourable Court, who am now in your presence, on a charge of buying a gown, a petticoat, apron, and skins: It is represented that I bought them, knowing them to the stolen, which charge I do most solemnly declare is wrong, as when John Gillett spoke to me of buying the things, I had not the least idea of their being stolen; the apparel I bought for my own use, at a price I thought a sufficient value for them; the skins I had no use for, but as I am a tailoress by trade, I told him I thought I could find a purchaser for them, as they would do for linings of breeches; I took them to Mr. Bushell, a master tailor, who bought them of me. My Lord and honoured Gentlemen, permit me to beg of you to consider my unhappy case, with that great judgment, as well as mercy, which is ever known to reign in your breasts, that it is not probable I should have taken these things to any person to tell, with the name of the owner upon the paper round them; being fully assured there was nothing to fear, I innocently went to the first person I thought they would suit, thereby thinking to serve the buyer and the seller, without ever thinking such an affair would end in such fatal consequences as this proves to me; robbed of my liberty, and being now far advanced in my pregnancy, makes my trouble heavier, as I have no friends in London to assist me, or to do any thing for me in my unhappy affair; all my consolation is, that I am to be tried by gentlemen who discard not the poor unfortunate culprits, whose misconduct or misfortunes brings before them, but with mercy and probity searches into facts; that I may be one who may be thought worthy of your attention, is the most ardent prayer of my Lords and Gentlemen, your humble petitioner.
MARY HODGES.
Barnes, 

               GUILTY
            , 


               Death
            , aged 28.
Hodges, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Goddard, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
