





156. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SCOTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of December
, a stuff petticoat, value 1s. a pair of flannel drawers, value 6d. a cap, value 2s. a piece of black silk, value 6d. and a linen wrapper, value 4d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Harley
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  ANN 
                  HARLEY
               



             sworn. - I am a widow, I live at No. 12, Bolsover-street, Oxford-street


, it is a public-house, I lodge at the top of the house; On Monday the 29th of December, about half past four o'clock, I lost the things mentioned in the indictment out of my drawers; I met the prisoner coming down stairs with them, tied up in a silk handkerchief; I had been out about a quarter of an hour; I left my child, about eight years old, in the room; the prisoner passed me on the stairs, and called to a man in the tap-room, of the name of Joe, but there was no such man there; she was then going out at the door, I asked her where the bundle was that she had brought down stairs withher; she said, she had none; I said, yes, you have a bundle; I turned round, and the bundle sell from under her petticoats; I picked it up, and took her into another room, and searched her; she told me it was not her that had robbed me, there was somebody more up stairs; I called the landlord to go up, but he found nobody; Sarah Baldwin lodges in the same room with me; she came in, and I delivered the prisoner up to her; the officer has the property.(
               
                  William 
                  Jackson
               



            , the officer, produced the property, which was deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I had been drinking in the house for three quarters of an hour; when I was coming away, these things were lying at the bottom of the box, and I kicked them before me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29. - 


               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
