






837. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HOLLIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SKINNER
                  




               
             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of October, five business of horse provender, consisting of horse-beans, bran, and cut hay, mixed together, value 6s. and a hempen sack, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  William
                  
                  Bough
               



             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Holmes
                  



               
            ; and the other for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Gleed.)
JOHN NORTON sworn. - I am servant to the prosecutors, and know 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hollis
               



            ; I saw him on Saturday night, the 10th of October, between ten and eleven o'clock, coming from my master's yard with a sack on his back; I followed him down the street, when I lost him; but saw him again the next morning, about eight o'clock, in my master's yard; I attacked him with stealing corn, but he denied it; but he afterwards owned it; I told him it lay with my master to deal with him as he liked; he cried, and said, he took the provender out of the stable at night, and he gave it to a man, near the Green Dragon, at Poplar, with a horse and cart; and that it was put into the cart; and the man offered to give him potatoes or onions, or what he wanted; I took him into custody, and Brown, the constable, was sent for; and we went to the house of Skinner, but he was not at home; we found him at a public-house, and he was asked where his stable was; he said, he had not any; Brown went to find it, and left me to take care of him; Brown searched him, and found a key of the stable in his pocket; when Skinner was left with me, he wanted to get away, and collared me; but Brown returned in about a minute, and handcuffed him, and took him to the stable, and searched it, and found a sack full of horse provender, composed of bran, beans, and hay; I knew the sack.
Cross-examined by Mr. Hart. Q. When Hollis confessed, was he drunk or sober? - A.Sober; I sent for the constable in about a quarter of an hour; he was a little intoxicated at the office, but sober when he confessed; we missed the sack the next day.
- BROWN sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Shadwell-office; I was sent for to Mr. Bough's, at Poplar; I went and found Hollis a prisoner in the watch-house; I asked him where the person lived who received it; he said, a little above No. 40, in Rosemary-lane; that he kept a little house, and went about selling greens; I went to the house of Skinner, but he was not at home; then I went to the King's-arms, in Blue Anchoryard, Bough's servant was with me; as soon as Skinner saw me, he held his head down on the table; I took hold of him, and said, it is you I want, you must go with me; he pretended to be much in liquor; I took him to the Windmill public-house, and left him with Norton while I found the stable, which I did, and found the door locked; I went back to the Windmill, and searched Skinner, and found this key, (produces it;) I was going along the passage, and heard a cry out; I went back, and found he had got Norton against the door, and had almost throttled him; the publican stood at the door to keep the people off, and we were five or six minutes before we could handcuff him; I went to the stable which he said was his, and found the sack and provender; I locked it up, being Sunday, and on Monday morning went with Mr. Bough to Skinner in the watch-house, and then he said he bought it of a man facing the Green Dragon, Poplar, between ten and eleven o'clock at night; and they confessed it before the Magistrates.
Cross-examined by Mr. Hart. Q. In what state were they? - A. Hollis appeared to be sick from liquor in the outer office, but he was very well when he went into the Magistrates; I cannot say whether he was sober or drunk; he answered every question put to him very well.
WILLIAM BOUGH sworn. - I am one of the contractors for digging the docks at Blackwall; 
               
                  John 
                  Holmes
               



             is my partner; Hollis was my horsekeeper, and had free access to the provender to feed the horses; I believe nobody fed their horses as we did in that neighbourhood.(Confession of Thomas Hollis read:)
"I have lived in the service of Bough and Holmes about four months; the sack, containing horse provender, I took from my master's yard in Poplar on Saturday evening, and the same evening I gave the said horse provender to the prisoner, 
               
                  William 
                  Skinner
               



            , who has frequently asked me to procure horse provender for him."(Confession of 
               
                  William 
                  Skinner
               



             read:)
"I live in Windmill-court, Rosemary-lane; I have a horse and cart, with which I convey vegetables about; on Saturday last I was in Poplar, at the Green Dragon public-house, the prisoner applied to me, saying, he had some victuals for my horse; I asked him how much it was; he said, two shillings; I offered him one shilling and six-pence, which I gave him."


                  Thomas 
                  Hollis
               



            . I was intoxicated I know nothing about it.
William Skinner. I know nothing of it; I can neither read or write.
The prisoner Skinner called six witnesses to his character. Hollis, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.





               confined six months in the House of Correction
            .
Skinner, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
