





170. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     RIGUS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of January
, two coats, value 25s. two waistcoats, value 12s. a pair of breeches, value 10s. and a pair of silver sleeve-buttons, value 1s. 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Lake
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Benjamin 
                        Phillips
                     



.


                  MARY 
                  LAKE
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 17, Great Saffron-hill


; William Lake is my son, he is a shoemaker
; the articles in the indictment were in my drawers; I live in the back garret, Mr. Benjamin Philips keeps the house, I am a shoe-binder, I went out a little before ten in the morning, I returned about two, and found the room had been robbed; I had locked the door with a spring-lock, which was picked, and the door burst open.

MABLE HOLWOOD sworn. - I live at No. 17, Great-Saffron-hill, on the second-floor; the apartment under Mrs. Lake: On the 16th of January I thought I heard a noise in her apartments, and knowing that she was out, I went out to the stairs, and saw the prisoner coming down the stairs, and I stopped the prisoner at the foot of the stairs, I said, my friend, where have you been, and he said, to see my friend; I told him he had no friend there; he said he had; I asked him what he had in his apron, he said, nothing of mine; I told him it was not his, for he had stole it; upon that he got away from me, and got down stairs; I called stop thief, and the landlord stopped him at the door, he dropped the property in the passage at the door; I then went up stairs and found the door open.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  PHILLIPS
               



             sworn. I am the landlord of the house in which the prosecutor lives; I had been out, and just as I had got to my own door and scraping my shoes, I heard an uncommon noise up stairs; I immediately looked and saw the prisoner coming down stairs with a bundle; I seized the prisoner in the passage; I asked him who he was, what he had got, and where he was going; he told me that he was going upon his business, and desired me to let him go; I told him he should not; and when he found I was resolute in detaining him, he dropped the articles mentioned in the indictment.
Q. Did you know any thing of him before? - A. I never saw him before.
Cross-examined by Mr. Peatt. Q. Do you know if the prosecutor and the prisoner were not very intimate? - A. I cannot answer that question.(The constable produced the property.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  LAKE
               



             sworn. - These things are all my property.
Cross-examined by Mr. Peatt. Q. What do you think they may be worth? - A. I have stated them under the value.
Q. What do you think they may be worth? - A. They may be worth about 2l. 10s.
Q. Do you think an old clothes-man would give you more than 10s.? - A. I never asked him, and therefore I cannot say.
Court. Q. Do you know any thing of the prisoner? - A. I never saw him till I saw him running, and heard the cry of stop thief.
Prisoner. (To Phillips). Q. Am I the man you stopped? - A. I am sure he is the same man; he got away from me, but I did not lose sight of him more than half a minute.
- BRASIER sworn. - I am an officer; I saw the prisoner running, and a great mob following him, crying, stop thief; he held this knife in his hand, open, and made a cut at me with it; I followed him till he got to the corner of Blackboy-alley, there he stumbled, and I threw myself upon him, and took him into custody.
The prisoner called William Lee, who gave him a good character. GUILTY, aged 34.




               Of stealing goods, value 39s
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
