





256. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SELLICK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of February
, two pair of stockings, value 4 s. and three pair of sandals, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Zachariah 
                           Book
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  ZACHARIAH 
                  BOOK
               



            . Q. Where is your shop - A. 253, High Holborn, in the parish of St. Giles in the Fields


; I am a hosier and glover
. On the 7th of February, the evening before the fast, I lost five pair of stockings and four pair of sandals, they were hanging inside of the door post; I know nothing of the taking of them, I only know that I missed them; this was on the Tuesday; on the Thursday, when I went to the office, I saw two pair of the stockings and three pair of the sandals. I had seen them three quarters of an hour before they were taken.


                  JAMES 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton Garden office. On Tuesday the 7th of February, about seven in the evening, I was in company with Ekelsoe and Deer in Holborn, at the corner of Kingsgate street; I had just before heard a whistle; I looked, and saw the prisoner standing at the corner of Kingsgate street, I knew him, I asked him what he was at there; I think he replied nothing. I laid hold of his hand, and desired my brother officer to lay hold of the other; I asked him what he had got, he said only some stockings. I took him into a liquor shop, and found these things in his bosom; I have had them in my custody ever since; he told me he found them things in Holborn, he picked them up. It was a dirty night, and the stockings were not muddy, they had no appearance of having been dropped in the dirt.
Q. How far is that from Mr. Book's - A. Two or three hundred yards or more; Mr. Book is the corner of Dean street, and this is the corner of Kingsgate street.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been out of work; I went down to the Cross Keys, I got some work to do. I was coming home on Tuesday night along Holborn, I picked up these stockings; I saw three men running before me; I cannot say whether they dropped them or not; I was at the corner of Kingsgate street, I was going to the public house to get a pint of beer.
GUILTY, aged 21.




               Of stealing to the value two shillings and sixpence only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Bailey.
