





208. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MORGAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 8th of February
, a gown, value 2 l. a petticoat, value 12 s. 6 d. a pair of shoes, value 8 s. 6 d. nine handkerchiefs, value 10 s. two pair of stockings, value 5 s. 6 d. a night gown, value 1 s. 6 d. two caps, value, 1 s. 3 d. a pair of gloves, value 3 d. and a shawl, value 10 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Hopkins
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HOPKINS
               



            . I am a widow woman, I live in Turk's Head-court, Orchard-street, Westminster.
Q.When did you lose these things. - A. On the 8th of February; I was coming from Gravesend; in landing at Billingsgate


, I delivered my things to the mate of the boat.
Q. Were they all in one bundle. - A. Yes; there were a great many passengers, the mate was helping the woman on shore, and this man took the bundle out of the mate's hand; I gave my bundle to the mate.
Q. Did you see the prisoner take the bundle out of the mates hand. - A. No, I was coming on shore.


                  EDWARD 
                  LUMLEY
               



            . I am the mate of the Gravesend-boat; Mrs. Hopkins and her two pieces came with me from Graveshend to Billingsgate; about half after eleven o'clock in the evening, it being a late hour I thought proper to help the ladies over the craft; I took a small box and bundle out of the lady's hand; I assisted these two young ladies over the vessel; Morgan was standing there at the time.
Q. Did you know him - A. No, he asked me if he should assist me with them; I thanked him for his kindness; I told him I did not want his assistance; I assisted the two ladies on shore, then I returned back to the old lady, taking her bundle and pattens out of her hand; when I came to the shore again Morgan was there, the second-time; he asked me the second time if he should assist me; I told him no; he took the bundle out of my hand, having the lady in my hand; if I had let her go as she was stepping up, she must have fell back in the boat, which lay upon the vessel's deck; at the same time he took the bundle, he gave it to somebody else; after the lady enquired for the bundle, I asked Morgan what he had done with the bundle; he told me he knew not, he gave it to somebody that stood by; I told him he knew what he had done with it; I insisted upon knowing; he said he did not know, he gave it to somebody that stood by; I left Morgan with some people while I called my master; I then gave Morgan in charge and took him to the watch-house.
Q. Was the bundle ever found. - A. No.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  HOPKINS
               



            . I am niece to 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Hopkins
               



            ; I saw Morgan take the bundle out of Lumley's hands, he threw it over his shoulder to another man.
Q. What became of the other man. - A. I did not see.


                  GEORGE 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am an officer; I took theprisoner in custody; I searched him at the watchhouse, I found nothing on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I am as innocent as a child unborn.
Q. What business had you at Billingsgate. - A. I went to Darkhouse-lane to get a pint of beer; I live in Whitechapel; I had a man by the collar; when he called his master five sailors rescued him away.
Court. What business had you to ask for the bundle.
Lumley. He asked me twice for the bundle the first time I came on shore, and the second time he asked me again.



               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
