





544. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  HORTON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of July
, seven yards of printed cotton, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Barrett
               




            .
JOHN GODDARD sworn. - I am a shoe-maker, Mr. Barrett lives in Chapel-street, Westminster


: On the 6th of July, about three o'clock, I saw the prisoner between Mr. Barrett's and Mr. Watson's shops, they are both linen-drapers
; I saw him unpin a piece of cotton, take it down, and put it in his apron; I immediately went into Mr. Watson's, brought the shopman to the door, and shewed him the prisoner; he immediately pursued him, and I went home, I was in haste to go to my work.
THOMAS WATSON sworn. - I am shopman to my grandfather; the last witness cried out, that a man was taking some handkerchiefs from our door; I ran out immediately, and saw nothing belonging to me was gone, but I went after him; I saw the print under his arm as he turned the corner, I cried out, stop thief, and in turning into Cooper-street arch, he put it before him and dropped it; I picked it up, and kept crying, stop thief; he ran into Orchard-street, and another witness came to my assistance, and he was stopped by Crofts; I am sure the prisoner is the man, he had been watching the door for three or four days.
ROBERT-THOMAS CROFTS sworn. - On Wednesday, the 6th of July, I was in Orchard-street, I saw the prisoner drop the print; I saw Mr. Watson running after him, halloaing stop thief, he ran down Pye-street; I caught hold of the prisoner, and another young man caught hold of him on the other side.
JOHN CRIDLAND sworn. - I am an officer, I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner.(The property was identified by Mr. Barrett.)
Prisoner's defence. I was going along, there was a row, and they laid hold of me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
