






131. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     BOLTON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     MALONE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of December
, thirty-five yards of brown Holland cloth, value 30s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Susannah 
                           Gillham
                        




                     
                  , privately in her shop
            .
(Mrs. Gillham, being one of the people called Quakers, refused to be sworn).


                  MARY 
                  LAWRENCE
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mrs. 
               
                  Susannah 
                  Gillham
               



            , linen-draper
, at Tottenham


: On Saturday night, between six and seven o'clock, I cannot justly say when -
Q. Was it before Christmas? - A. I cannot justly tell.
Q. Do you remember what day of the week it was that you went before the Justice? - A. Monday.
Q. Was it the Saturday before that? - A. Yes.
Q. (To Mr. Kirby). What is the date of the committal? - A. The 22d of December.
Q. (To Lawrence.) Do you serve in the shop? A. No; Mrs. Gillham and her daughter serve in the shop; it was after candle-light, I had been out, and when I went in at the shop door, I saw these two soldiers; one of them, Malone, was in the shop, and Mrs. Gillham with him, he was standing by the counter, I did not observe whether he was looking at any goods or not; then I went away, and when I came into the shop again, he was looking at some stockings; I then saw a piece of brown Holland between Malone's feet, it stood on the ground, and leaned against the counter; then I went out of an errand, and went up the town, and when I came away, Malone pulled the door as I was going to shut it, and would not let me shut it; then I stooped, and saw Bolton go up to the door, put his hands in, and take a piece of brown Holland from within the door, Malone was within-side of the shop; Bolton then went up the town with the cloth; then I saw Bolton go over the road, and lay it down behind a tree.
Q. Was it light enough for you to see them do that? - A. Yes, it was a moon-light night; then I went on about my business, I was going up the town of an errand for another person, I did not see any thing more of Malone that night.
Q. Then you did not see Malone have the cloth, you only saw it lying upon the floor? - A. Yes; I saw Bolton again the same night, and Malone on Monday.
Q. What opportunity had you of seeing their countenances, you only passed through the shop, you made no stop? - A. No.
Q. Were they dressed in soldiers' clothes? - A. Yes; I knew them both again as soon as I saw them



                  JOSEPH 
                  PYPER
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman, at Tottenham: I was on duty between five and six o'clock, as near as I can tell, I cannot rightly say; I saw the prisoner, Bolton, cross the road, I saw the last witness near the spot where Bolton crossed oyer, I did not see him come out of the shop, he came in a direction from the shop; I saw him lay something down, and he came back and passed me, and wished me a good night; he had then two others with him, Malone was one, it was a moonlight night; I crossed over the road and went to see what he had laid down, and waited to see who would fetch it; I found it to be a piece of cloth in a bag; I then sent a person that was going by to fetch another watchman.
Q. Did you see either of these other two men at the tree? - A. No; they were all three soldiers; one of them had on a foraging cap, and the other a cocked-up hat, and feather in it; in about six or seven minutes one of them returned to where the bag was, he is not here.
Q. Did he pick it up? - A. No; he came up to the place, but seeing me he would not meddle with it; he was neither of the three that I had seen before, he was out of regimentals; I took him into custody, but he was discharged; I took the bundle and the man before the Magistrate; I then went to the public-house, where I found the two prisoners; Malone was set at liberty, and sent to the cage on the Monday following; I apprehended Malone again in the ranks. (Produces the property).
Q. (To Lawrence.) Do you know whose property that is? - A. I had seen such a piece of Holland as that upon the counter in the course of the day.
Bolton's defence. I don't know any thing about the cloth, I never saw it.
Malone's defence. I never saw the cloth, or ever touched any thing of the kind.
Bolton, GUILTY, aged 19.
Malone, GUILTY, aged 19.




               Of stealing the goods, but not privately
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
