





95. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of November
, three miniature pictures, value 21s. and ten silver tea-spoons, value 26s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Oliver
                        




                     
                  , widow, in her dwelling-house
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  OLIVER
               



            , jun. sworn. - I am the daughter of Elizabeth Oliver; my mother is a widow
, and keeps the sign of the Standard
, in Well-street, in the parish of Whitechapel


: On the 16th of November we lost the articles mentioned in the indictment; the prisoner lodged in our house, and upon the spoons being missed, he left our lodgings the next night; the miniature pictures were taken from a drawer; there did not appear to be any violence done to the drawer; he was brought back to our house about five weeks after.
(
               
                  James 
                  Harding
               



            , servant to Mr. Matthews, a pawnbroker, in the Minories, produced six tea-spoons, pledged in the name of John Owen, but could not say from whom be received them.)


                  EDWARD 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Lambeth-street; I apprehended the prisoner on Sunday, the 13th of December; on Saturday, the 12th, I received these pictures from 
               
                  Mary 
                  Seaman
               



            .
JOHN NOWLAND sworn. - I am an officer; the prisoner told me if I would go backwards withhim he would tell me all about it; I made him no promise or threat; he told me he found the spoons on the stairs one night when he was going to bed wrapped up in two papers; he said he was very much distressed, and pawned them; he said he found the pictures in his coat-pocket, and did not know how they came there; he said he had left them at Mrs. Seaman's, to be taken care of; he told Smith where the spoons were pawned.
smith. He told me one pawnbroker lived in the Minories, and the other in Rosemary-lane, but did not know their names; we found the other four spoons at a pawnbroker's in Rosemary-lane.


                  MARY 
                  SEAMAN
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 5, Iron gate; my father keeps an eating-house; the prisoner came to lodge at my father's on the 14th of November, and on the 16th he gave me those three pictures, saying, they were his father, his mother, and his sister; I was to take care of them for him; one evening afterwards I had occasion to go to Mrs. Oliver's to inquire after a young man who had lodged at our house, and I thought I observed a likeness between Mrs. Oliver and the pictures I had at home; I mentioned it to her, and afterwards delivered them to the officer.
JOHN PEGRIM sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Ray, a pawnbroker, in Rosemary-lane, (produces four tea-spoons;) I took them in pledge of a person, I believe the prisoner at the bar, but I cannot be positive; they were pledged on the 16th of November in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Cole
               



            .(The pictures and spoons were identified by Miss Oliver.)
Prisoner's defence. I found the pictures in my great coat pocket, how they came there I do not know; I was going on board a ship, and left them with that young lady to take care of them for me; I picked up the spoons on the stairs as I was going to bed one evening, and being very much distressed I pledged them till I could get some money to redeem them again, and then I meant to find out who they belonged to.
GUILTY, aged 21.




               Of stealing goods to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
