





709. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     FISHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 11th of August
, ten bank notes value one pound each, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Starling
                        




                     
                   from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  STARLING
               



            . I am a master baker
. I live in Narrow Wall, Lambeth. On the 11th of August, about nine at night. I was going out of Holborn into Fleet Market, I met the prisoner on the right hand of Fleet Market


, she laid hold of my right arm and asked me where I was going, I replied home, in the mean time she put her left hand into my right hand breeches pocket, and took the notes, my pocket was open, the notes were all rolled up together.
Q. How many were there - A. Ten one pound notes, she run away directly, I followed her up an alley close by and catched her in the middle of the alley, I laid hold of her left arm, she had the notes in her right hand, she threw them down in the kennel and trampled on them, some person came behind and picked up what they could, mud and all, it was very dirty, and gave them into my hand. In bringing her down the alley, I got a blow upon the back part of my head by an Irishman; he used very rough language to me because I would not let her go. I took her to the watchhouse, she was sent to the Compter after she was searched. I lost all my notes, I have only one number perfect, that is all I have got left of them.
MR. ROGERS. I was the constable of the night, I searched the prisoner. I found two pence halfpenny upon her, the notes were delivered to me, they were quite a lump of mud, there was only one number to be found upon them.

Prisoner's Defence. I am an unfortunate person, I was coming out of Shoe Lane. I came down George Alley, there were a number of girls and other people men and women laughing. I said in the name of peace what are you laughing about, that gentleman said I have catched you, give me my money, I said I have no money about me. I have no pocket on, I will shew you all the money I have, and that is twopence halfpenny that the night constable took from me out of my bosom.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
