





141. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     FORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniouslystealing on the 29th of December
, eleven pound weight of flour, value 4 s. and two twopenny loaves, value 4 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Chew
                  




               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Pooley.


                  JOHN 
                  CHEW
               



            . Q. Your bakehouse is down stairs - A. Yes.
Q. You have two doors to your bakehouse - A. Yes, one door goes into the street and the other to the internal part of the house; when we are not there we usually keep it shut. I knew the prisoner was robbing me; I did business as well as ever I did it, I found myself deficient very much; I went to Marlborough street and got an officer to come to my house. About two o'clock in the afternoon, on the 29th of December, I cut a hole in the bakehouse door to watch the prisoner, I saw him take his hat from one side of the bakehouse to the other, he turned his handkerchief on his hat and laid in two shovels of flour; he laid the corners of the handkerchief on the flour, he put the hat on his head, he went out of the bakehouse from the area steps; I went up the area steps.
Q. How much did he put in - A. I suppose as much as he did when the officer stopped him, four pound all but an ounce. I saw him go into the highway; when he was crossing the road I said Thomas, there is a cake belonging to Mr. Smith of Marylebone lane, perhaps he may want it; he said I am only going over the way, I will be back in five minutes; he came back in five minutes. I went down stairs, and just as I got to the bakehouse he put his handkerchief on his hat and put in two shovels full as before, doubled the corners, put the hat on, and took the cake with him; he went up the area steps and went out; he returned in about an hour. When he came back it got dark, so that he could not see without a candle; when he came to the shop door I said Thomas, you will not be able to see without a candle; he went down stairs, I went to the door where I had been before, I saw him wash his arms; I went up stairs, I stood in the shop; he said sir, the door is fastened; I said it is, there is a fresh batch of flour, I put a padlock on the door; I said I will come down and stop while you fill the copper; he said no, I will come up the same way and lock the door; I went up stairs, I saw the prisoner through a crack up stairs; he took a candle; I could see in the middle part of the bakehouse, I saw the hat in his hand, I had looked in the hat when I went down stairs for him to fill the copper, it had nothing in it then; I saw him take the hat across the bakehouse when I was in the sitting room. He after that came up stairs and said, here is a strange key of the bakehouse, I found it in the cellar; the officer seized him; he found in his hat the flour that is now here; there was four pound all but one ounce.
Q. Do you think there was as much upon a former occasion as there was then in the hat - A. Yes; much about.
Mr. Knapp. The two former quantities of flour you could not ascertain the weight - A. No; there were two shovels full; I think two shovels full to be four pound almost.


                  JOHN 
                  FOY
               



            . I took the flour out of this man's hat, four pounds all but an ounce.
Prisoner's Defence. When I went to Mr. Chew as journeyman
, I was to be allowed both bread and beer by Mr. Chew.
Chew. I did not allow him to take bread without asking me for it; he never took out flour without asking my leave; if he wanted flour he used it down in the bakehouse.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
