





725. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     CONNELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of September
, a leather boot, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Furrs
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  FURRS
               



            . I am a boot maker
, I live at 58, Carey street, Lincoln's inn fields


.


                  JANE 
                  HICKMAN
               



             CLAYTON. My husband is a glover, I live next door to Mr. Furrs in Carey street. On the 21st of September, between two and three in the afternoon, I was standing in my room adjoining the shop, I saw a woman with a bed gown, dirtily dressed, looking at a boot at Mr. Furrs'; I saw her take it down and go away; I immediately went over to Mr. Furrs, I told him that the woman had taken a boot from his door; he went after her, laid hold of her, took the boot from out of her lap, and brought her back to the shop; Mr. Blundell was sent for, and she was taken in custody.
Furrs. Mrs. Clayton informed me of the fact, that the prisoner had taken a boot from my door; I followed her, I overtook her between twenty and thirty yards distance from my door; she was going up Carey street, I took hold of her by the arm and turned her cloak from off the basket, which she had on her arm, and took the boot from her; I took her back to my shop.
Q. Where was the boot - A. On her arm, covered with her cloak; I gave her and the boot into the custody of Mr. Blundell.


                  JOHN 
                  BLUNDELL
               



            . I am a constable of the Liberty of the Rolls. The prisoner was delivered into my custody; she acknowledged that she had stole the boot, went down upon her knees and begged forgiveness, and said she would make any amends for what she had done.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I had no cloak on me, I had a bed gown on; I had a basket on my arm; there was a barrow woman in the street, I went up to her to buy ahalfpenny worth of apples, there was a mob of people ran very hard; I picked up this boot, and the barrow woman knows it; the barrow woman saw me pick it up.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
