





410. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COOK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of March
, two carriage wheels, value 3l. 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Houlditch
               



             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Houlditch
                  



               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  HOULDITCH
               



             sworn. - I have no other partner but my brother James, I am a coachmaker

, in Long-acre; my foreman and another man know most about it.


                  JOHN 
                  JAQUES
               



             sworn. - I am foreman to Mess. Houlditch; they are coach-makers, in Long-acre


; I know that we had lost a number of wheels; the prisoner was a person who worked in the shop

, something of a jobbing man; in consequence of losing so many wheels, I had a suspicion of the prisoner, with others; while the prisoner was at work in Mr. Houlditch's shop, I went with another person, who is a clerk also of Mr. Houlditch's, to the prisoner's lodgings, No. 6, George-street, near Portland Chapel, to the house of one Smith; when the door was opened, I saw the glance of a wheel in the yard; I went in, and looked at these wheels; I found one pair immediately; upon going up to them, I knew the wheels to be the property of Mess. Houlditch; the wheels were of a different colour from what they were in Mess. Houlditch's shop; I have known the wheels for two years; they are such wheels as are not used now; they had been newly painted.
Court. Q.Could you know them again, although they had a different coat on them? - A. I could not miss knowing them, having had them in my hands twenty times; we went to Bow-street, and got two officers; the two officers, and the two Mr. Houlditchs' and myself, went up to the prisoner's lodgings; I knocked at the door, and got into the house, and the two officers went up stairs; I heard a little bit of a scuffle as I thought, so I followed up close to the landing-place; the prisoner was just come out of his room upon the landing-place, and the two officers with him; they brought him down stairs; they went into the yard, and found the wheels there; we brought him and the wheels to the Office in Bow-street.


                  JOHN 
                  COCKING
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Bow-street; I know no more than going on the 1st of April to the prisoner's lodging, and apprehending him; I secured the prisoner and the wheels, and brought them to Bow-street; that is all I know of it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WESTBROOKE
               



             sworn. - I am a butcher by trade; about the middle of February last, Cook and myself went into Mess. Houlditchs' premises, Long-acre, between the hours of six and eight at night, and took out a pair of wheels; Cook took one, and I took the other; we took them to my lodgings, No. 17, Brownlow-street; Cook took the wheels the same evening to his own lodgings, in George-street, Portland Chapel; the landlord's name is Smith; a morning or two afterwards the prisoner brought some paint down out of the painting-lost, which paint he desired me to take home to my lodgings; it was red paint; the wheels were a lead colour before; he told me he had coloured the wheels over twice with the said paint; I cannot swear to the wheels. That is all I know about it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You say you cannot swear to the wheels? - A. I cannot; I had been employed near two years by these gentlemen.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 6, in George-street, Portland Chapel; the prisoner, Cook, took my lodging, a two-pair-of-stars front room, about a year and a half ago, to the best of my recollection, and he has continued to lodge with me till he was taken up. I am a carman; he asked for liberty to box a wheel, or a pair of wheels, which he had done several times whilst he worked at Mr. Thompson's, in Mortimer-street, which he used to do in his dinner hours, and at night when he had done work; these were small wheels for trucks; I don't know who brought the wheels that were found in my yard.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. He used to do these odd jobs at dinner time? - A. Yes.(One of the wheels produced.)
Jagues. This is one of the wheels we lost; you will find it a lead colour underneath, if you scrape a little of the paint off; I have had it in my hands a hundred times.
Prisoner's defence. My Lord, the wheels don't belong to me; I don't know whose they are.
The prisoner called five witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
