





421. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COSTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of May
, sixty pounds weight of lead, value 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Stenson
                        




                     
                  , fixed to his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  STENSON
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 1, Old Round-court, in the Strand


.
Q. Did you lose any lead from your house? - A. Yes, this day week, I was not at home when it was taken away; one of the witnesses saw it cut, it was taken from the roof; there were fourteen feet taken down, and here is six feet; I imagine there might be eight feet gone; I found this six feet of lead secured away on the tiles when I came at night; I found from one of my lodgers that it was gone, and the next morning I had him taken up.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  MOOR
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 5, Old Round-court, in the Strand, opposite to Mr. Stenson.
Q. Do you know any thing of this charge of stealing the lead from his house? - A. I saw theprisoner walking about on the leads for some time; about seven o'clock in the evening he had a chisel in his hand, and was marking the lead out; sometime afterwards I saw him folding the lead up; but I did not see him take it away.
Q. At the time you first saw him, did you see whether the lead was all fixed to the dwelling-house? - A. I saw that the lead was all there when he was marking it out.
Q. When did you tell Mr. Stenson of it? - A. On Tuesday; the reason I did not inform Mr. Stenson at the time, I knew he was a lodger; I did not know but he might be repairing the place, not knowing his business.
Prisoner. I could not take it down four pair of stairs without being observed.
Prosecutor. The lead might be let down in the court-yard it is only a wall there.


                  EDWARD 
                  BEALE
               



             sworn. - I am a cook, I lodge in Mr. Stenson's house, I live in the front garret: On the day the lead was taken I was in my room; I went on the leads to see what was the matter, hearing a noise; when I got there, I saw the prisoner there; he met me, and asked me how I did; I saw the lead was missing, and spoke of it to the prisoner; he seemed surprized that it was gone; he said Mr. Stenson ought to be told of it; then we talked of other things, and while we were talking and walking about, I saw this quantity of lead on the top of the house, behind the gutter; I mentioned it to the prisoner, and he put his foot against it, and said, yes, it is so; it is lead.
Prisoner. I had been there to empty dirty water, I and every one in the house had free access there; he saw the pail, and the water that I had been emptying, and as for the noise that he heard, it was occasioned by the bed-post I had been cleaning on the top of the roof.
Beale. I did see the pail, and the water had been slopped down.
Q.(To Prosecutor.) What is the value of that lead which is taken away? - A. Above a guinea.
Q. Do you know any thing of the prisoner? - A. Only that he lodged in my house.
Q. What way of life is he in? - A. I do not know; I should like to know; his wife said he was a porter to an oil-shop; he lodged with me from the 28th of last November.
Q. When was he taken? - A. He was taken on Tuesday afternoon; he slept in the house that night; I went up on the top of the house that night; after the lead was taken off; there were several people of the house up there; there was a fire at Mr. Griffin's house, a neighbour; I went up to see fire, and the prisoner was up there then.
Prisoner's defence. I was on the top of the house when Mr. Beale first mentioned about the lead being cut off; here is this woman swears, that she saw me marking off the lead, when there is a parapet wall runs above the roof; let alone this, her room is only three stories high, and our garret is four stories, and where this lead is torn away is under the parapet; it is impossible that she could see the lead taken from it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeants.
