





252. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  BABEY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of January
, a half-handkerchief, value 1s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 1s. a pair of worsted stockings, value 1s. a child's shirt, value 1s. a child's cloth dress, value 5s. a sheet, value 2s. a pillow-case, value 6d. an apron, value 6d. and a shift, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Carter
                  




               
            .
JOHN CARTER sworn. - I did lodge at No. 13, North-street


, at Mr. Buss's; I left a box there, containing the articles mentioned in the indictment: On the 17th of January, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I had occasion to go for my box, and when I got home with it, I found every thing gone out of it that was worth any thing; I was obliged to break the lock to get it open.
CHRISTIANA BUSS sworn. - 
               
                  John 
                  Carter
               



             lodged at my house, he went away on the 12th of January, and left a box in the room; on the Monday after, he came for it, and took it away; he then came back, and said it had been robbed; I told him nobody had been in the room but prisoner; he then challenged the prisoner with it, but he denied it; Carter then claimed the handkerchief that he had round his neck; the prisoner slept in the room on the Thursday and Friday night.
CHARLES CHINNERY sworn. - I am an officer: I took this handkerchief from the prisoner's neck; I found upon him a great number of duplicates, which led to the rest of the property; the pawnbrokers delivered up the goods, and they were not bound over. (Produces the property).
ELIZABETH CARTER sworn. I am the wife of John Carter; I know all these things to be mine.
Prisoner's defence. I leave it to the Court: I did not open any lock. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
