





252. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     MAXWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of March
, fourteen pennyweights of gold filings, value 2 l. 10 s. two penny weights of gold solder, value 4 s. and half a firkin of melting-pots, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Newcomb
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  NEWCOMB
               



             sworn. - I am a gold seal maker
; I live in Little New-street, Shoe-lane


; the prisoner was a journeyman
 of mine: I entertained a suspicion of him for some time, and was determined (if possible) to detect him; I had observed it was usual for him, before he went to dinner, to be very busy sweeping his filings out that were in a tray under him; I had every reason to suppose that was the time that he committed the depredation; immediately after he was so busy he got up and went to a corner of the shop, that we have convenient to the men; there he stood longer than we supposed necessary; I told my son and my apprentice to take particular notice, at the time he did get up, and to watch his motions; I likewise marked the gold solder that was used; I always found a deficiency when it was used by him, and I told my apprentice to mark it. On the following day I had a constable in the house, at the usual time, in order to search him; I saw on that day the same proceedings as before, respecting his sweeping his filings; I went down just before he came down to dinner into my parlour; I told the constable I had no doubt but he had committed the same depredation as before, and as he was going out to dinner, I desired him to walk into my parlour, I wanted to speak to him; I told the constable to search him, which he did; in the first place he found in his waistcoat pocket a dirty rag, containing about two pennyweights of gold filings and gold solder together, part of which I had marked; in his great coat pocket was found a small old melting-pot, with some pieces; there are certain particles of gold, in old melting-pots, which are more valuable than new; we took him to the Sitting Alderman, and he remanded him till the next day; in the interim we searched his lodgings, there we found, in a dirty piece of paper, in a closet in his room, about fourteen pennyweights of gold filings and a firkin, nearly half full of old melting-pots.
Q. How long did the prisoner live with you? - A. Near fifteen months.


                  JOSEPH 
                  NEWCOMB
               



            , jun. sworn. - Between the hours of twelve and one I saw him file a piece of metal, then I saw him make two partitions in his tray; one of gold filings and the other the metal; he seemed very busy in sweeping the gold filings; I got up immediately, and saw him sweep it into his hand, then he went to this place that my father spoke of, with his hand clenched and the filings in it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You observed him do this - what distance were you from him? - A. I sat next to him.


                  JOHN 
                  WORCESTER
               



             sworn. - I only know that the gold solder that the officer found in Maxwell's pocket is my master's property, I had marked it.


                  JOHN 
                  POLLARD
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: On the 15th of March the prosecutor called upon me and requested me to be at his house a quarter before one; I went, and when Maxwell came down to go to dinner, he called him in, and said he wanted to speak to him; I then searched him, and in his waistcoat pocket I found a little parcel of gold filings, which I produce, and a piece of gold solder; in his coat pocket I found a melting-pot; I took him before the Alderman, and from thence I went to Hatton-garden Office.


                  GEORGE 
                  WOOD
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of Hatton-garden: I produce some gold filings, gold solder, and about half a firkin of old melting-pots, found at the prisoner's lodgings.
Prosecutor. The solder I can swear to from amark that we ran through the centre; it is my property, and some of the melting-pots I will swear to.
Prisoner's defence. During the time I was in Mr. Newcomb's employ, I was in the habit of working at home, doing jobs and likewise new work; I have taken gold as part of payment, and I have bought gold of the refiners. In regard to that cloth found in my pocket, I had brought it from home, with intent to go to the flatting-mills with it, not having fire enough at home. I suppose some of Mr. Newcomb's men had a little spite against me, and they had said something to Mr. Newcomb that made him search me, and finding these things about me, he might think them his own. As to Mr. Newcomb's, jun. seeing me file metal into the tray, it is very common, we use metal in our work.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
