





19. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TYTLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 31st of October
, a handkerchief, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Peregrine Paschal 
                     Bourdieu
                  




               
            .


                  PEREGRINE 
                  PASCHAL BOURDIEU
               



            . On Saturday the 31st of October, about half past eleven in the day, I was going from my accompting house, 45, Lime-street; into Leadenhall-street; I was just by the India house


, round the corner, I met a crowd, and seeing a number of people put their hand, in their pockets, supposing a gang of pickpockets were going by, I did the same; I put one hand in each coat pocket; I found myself pushed about, particularly by the prisoner; I observed tohim that he was obstructing my passage, and asked him to let me go by him; to which he replied, who the devil hinders you; and finding that he would not give way, I took my hands out of my pockets to make use of them, by putting my hands together, and forcing my way through; he went then against the iron railing of the India warehouse; I was just passing him, when I felt him put his hand into my right hand coat pocket; I immediately turned round and saw my pocket handkerchief drop from his hand on the ground, which I took up; I observed to him that he had done it very clumsily; I then kept my eye upon him from that time till the moment I took him up. The handkerchief the constable has.
Q. Are you positive it is the man. - A. I am positive it is the man; he pushed me about enough, I shall alway recollect him.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. There were a great many persons near you as well as the prisoner. - A. Yes.
Q. Might it not be some other hand that went into your pocket. - A. By the position that I was standing to him, and by the circumstance of the handkerchief being in his hand, no person could do it but him; I saw him drop the handkerchief; my reason for not seizing him immediately, I saw it was a gang of pickpockets; I was afraid of his being rescued.


                  LEWIS 
                  LEVY
               



            . I was standing about a yard from the prisoner at the time; I saw a blue handkerchief in his hand.
Q. Did you see how he got it. - A. I did not.
CHARLES DOBSON. I am a constable. On the 31st of August; there was a great riot at the India house, I was called to take two men in charge, I did; going along to the mansion house with them, Mr. Bourdieu told me the prisoner had picked his pocket; I took him in custody; I searched him at alderman Birch's door; these two handkerchiefs were in his pocket, and this Mr. Bourdieu gave me.
Prosecutor. That is my handkerchief.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of what I am accused of.


                  ANN 
                  SOLOMONS
               



            . - Mr. Knapp. Do you know either of these handkerchiefs. - A. I know this, it has two borders; I gave it to him to get me some tea and sugar in.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
