





328. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     GIBBS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of April
, six shirts, value 40s. four pair of stockings, value 6s. and a silk handkerchief, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Taylor
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
ELIZABETH TAYLOR sworn. - I am the wife of James Taylor; I am a laundress; the prisoner washed in my house at 2s. 6d. a day for a year and a half; in the course of that time I have met with great losses; I cannot ascertain the days when the things were taken; I have since seen the articles mentioned in the indictment.
Q. Does your husband keep the house? - A. Yes.
Q. All this property was given to her in your house? - A. It was property that she and other people had to wash in my house.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  CORDERY
               



             sworn. - I worked for Mrs. Gibbs on the Friday and Saturday in every week in general, to scour pots for public-houses; I carried these things to pawn for her, but I cannot tell when it was; I took them to Mr. Bennet's, a pawnbroker; I gave the duplicate to Mrs. Gibbs; it was put down upon the duplicates Elizabeth Cordery for Sarah-Gibbs; I cannot swear to the property or duplicates.
THOMAS BENNET sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, (produces six shirts and four pair of stockings;) four shirts were pawned by Cordery, and two shirts and four pair of stockings by Gibbs, at ten different times, from the 29th of May to the 22d of January; I have had them ever since; the prisoner at the bar, and Cordery, the last witness, were the persons who pledged them; I know them both well.
Q.(To Cordery.) All the articles that are pledged in both names you received from the prisoner? - A. Yes.(The property was identified by Mrs. Taylor.)
The prisoner threw herself on the mercy of the Court.
GUILTY, aged 34.
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not in the dwelling-house
            ;




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
