






561. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GALE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     KEENAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of July
, two Bank-notes, value 6 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hennesey
                  




               
            .
(The Case was stated by Mr. Gurney.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENNESEY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You have been, I believe, a servant

 - on the 19th of July did you go to the Repository for the purpose of buying a horse? - A. I did; I had put two ten-pound Bank-notes in my pocket, and some small notes.
Q. Did you, in the yard at the Repository in Barbican, meet the prisoner Keenan? - A. Yes.
Q. Had you known him before? - A. I had some knowledge of his person, but I was not acquainted with him; he was a groom
 to a gentleman; he addressed himself to me, asking me how I did.
Q. Did he invite you into a public-house to drink? - A. Yes, and I went with him, and while we were drinking in the public-house, Gale, the other prisoner, came in; he asked us whether we would toss for a pot of porter; I declined; I said, I did not come in for the purpose of tossing, what I called for I would wish to pay for, and not to toss.
Q. Did you see a person in the public-house of the name of Tims? - A. He came in as a companion of Keenan's, towards the first he stood at the door; Tims wished me to toss with Gale.
Q. Were you at last induced to toss up? - A. Yes, at last; upon which I won the first toss of Gale; Tims took a halfpenny of mine, and said he would toss; he hid a halfpenny of mine under my hat; upon which Gale won three times running; I desired Gale to call, and three times running he called right.
Q. In the course of this conversation did Gale say who and what he was? - A. After that toss was decided, Gale said he was a respectable farmer's son, and that we were a parcel of shabby stable grooms and coachmen; he said his aunt had left him fifteen hundred pounds, he was able to spend a great deal of money, and he wanted to toss for more, and we declined.
Q. Did he afterwards leave this house? - A. Yes; he said he was going to the Saracen's Head, Snow-hill, in order to take a place in the coach to go to Salisbury, where his father lived, and kept a farm.
Q. Did you, Keenan, and Tims, go with him to the Saracen's Head? - A. We did, it was in my way home, and Tims said if I would go with him to the Saracen's Head, he would win back what I had lost, which was two pounds thirteen shillings.
Q. Did you all go together to the Saracen's Head? - A. We did; Keenan procured a room; Gale went into the book-keeper's office, under pretence of taking his place to go to Salisbury; afterthat we all went into a back room, and Gale and Keenan wished to play at cards for some money; Gale asked me if I would play with him; Keenan called for a bottle of wine, and got me to toss up a halfpenny for him with Gale who should pay for the pack of cards; Gale lost, and he sent Tims for the cards.
Q. Did Tims return with a pack of cards? - A. He did, and we all four set down to play; they proposed to play for a bottle of wine; Keenan was my partner against Gale and Tims; Keenan won the first odd trick, the next was Gale's deal; he gave me a very good hand indeed. I said, I never held so good a hand with such good cards as I played with; Gale said he would bet me ten or twenty pounds that he would win the odd trick; I declined the wager; Keenan urged me to bet him, he d - d my eyes, and said why would not I bet him. I then consented to bet him for ten pounds; I pulled out the two ten-pound notes I had in my pocket before them, to put down ten pounds; then Gale said he would make it twenty. Keenan urged me, he said he would see it all right; I then consented to bet twenty pounds, and put down the two ten-pounds notes.
Q. Did Gale pull out any notes? - A. He pulled out a parcel of paper like silver paper; I said, will you be so good as to let me see your notes; Keenan said they were very good, and he would see that they were all good and right.
Q. Did he open them for you to see what they were? - A. He did not; he took them, and put them under a pot, and said he would take care of them; then we played a hand.
Q. How many tricks did you get? - A. Six, and the other got six.
Q. Who won the odd trick? - A. I laid down the king of spades, to which Gale said, that is mine; I had four honours in my hand, and two trumps, I had played them all out; I won the odd trick with the ace of spades, and he played his king.
Q. You laid down your queen however? - A. Yes; upon which Gale said, that is mine; I said, it cannot be your's; he made a grasp for the money.
Q. Did he play his card first? - A. Yes, he threw it on the table, I do not know what it was.
Court. Q. You played the ace of spades, the king, and two trumps besides? - A. Yes.
Q. Then Gale threw down his card, and laid hold of the money? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you attempt to pursue him? - A. Yes, but Keenan caught hold of me by the coat, and kept me back; in the mean time Gale got away; Keenan got before me, and Tims behind me, and stopped me some minutes; then I got out into the street to pursue Gale; I could not see him any where.
Q. Did you then detain Keenan or Tims? - A. No; I told them I thought they were a parcel of rascals, and had an intention in colleague to rob me; Tims said, oh, no, he would do no such a thing, he was a man that had plenty of money; the next evening I had Gale apprehended at the Coach and Horses, Dover-street, and the following Tuesday Keenan was taken.
Q. Tims you have never taken? - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You say you have been a servant in place as a valet? - A. Yes.
Q. Have been, perhaps means some years ago; let us know how long ago it is since you have been in place? - A. I have been in place about five months ago with Surgeon 
               Gore
            , till he went abroad with Lord Cornwallis; I lived with him six months.
Q. Who had you lived with before? - A. The Earl of Dover.
Q. And you have been five months out of place - what have you been doing with yourself? - A. I was extremely ill great part of the time, not able to take a situation.
Q. You know what revoking is? - A. I do.
Q. How do you know there was no revoke during the game? - A. That I cannot say.
Q. How do you know but there might be a revoke, and that the last card that Gale played was a trump? - A. I cannot say whether it was or not.
Q. If it had been a trump, would not Gale have won the trick, and would have been entitled to the money? - A. Yes, but to the best of my recollection it was not a trump, but I will not venture to swear it was not.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Was there any talk about playing any other game? - A No, there was not.
Q. When they won the money they went away - you thought you beat them? - A. Yes.
Q. It is a creditable house, the Saracen's Head - did you make any complaint to the men of the house; did you tell any body at that time that you were cheated, after it was over? - A. No, I did not, I thought they could not redress me.
Q. How long after this was it that you saw Keenan again? - A. The next Sunday after that; I told him that I had taken Gale, and I would take him.
Q. Did not he tell you where his master's lodgings were? - A. He did; I went to his master's house, and found him there.
Q. Did not you tell him all you wanted was the twenty pounds that you were cheated of? - A. I did not.
Q. I ask you upon your oath, whether you did not tell him that you only wanted to get the twenty pounds, out of which you were cheated? - A. The man's friends came to me, and asked me to take the money; I told them I could not with propriety, if I could I would, but I found I must not take it.

Q. Whether you have not gone to any Gentleman, and told him, if he would give you twenty pounds, you would cause the bill to be thrown out by the Grand Jury; I am speaking of Mr. Gillman, a gentleman, in the City? - A. The man's wife came to me several times crying; I took compassion on her; I did go to Mr. Gillman, and the reason of my going was on account of her lamenting so much; Keenan's wife wished me very much to see Mr. Gillman, to see if any thing could be done to make it up; Mr. Gillman told me that Mr. Murphy had stated to him, that if a little sum would do, he would come forward; I told him I would not take five hundred pounds of him without consulting my attorney.
Q. I ask you upon your oath, did not you go to Mr. Gillman's, and say to this effect, that you would procure the bill to be thrown out, provided he would give you fifty pounds? - A. No.
Q. Nor nothing to that effect? - A. I did not know that I could do any such thing.
Q. How often had you been to Mr. Gillman's? - A. Twice.
Q. I ask you upon your oath, man, the first time you went to Mr. Gillman's, did not Mr Gillman say he would not give you one single farthing? - A. Mr. Gillman said he would not give me above thirteen or fourteen pounds; I went by the desire of his wife, seeing her distress; I told her I would not spare my own trouble, I did not want to do any more than the law obliged me to do, and what the law obliged me to do I would do.
Court. Q. How came not you to apply to the landlord at the Saracen's Head - why did not you call out when they stopped you, it is a creditable house? - A. I ought to have done it, but I was too much confused; I went out into the street, I wished to find Gale again.
Q. Why did not you keep the other two - did you know any thing of Gale? - A. No.
Q. Did you ever complain to the landlord of the Saracen's Head? - A. Keenan wished me not to make a noise.
Q. I should have thought that was the very reason that you should have made a noise.
MICHAEL-
               
                  ARTHUR 
                  GILLMAN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Alley. I am a merchant living in Broad-street.
Q. Do you recollect the last witness calling at your house? - A. Yes, he called more than twice; when he called, he said he came to get the matter made up; he said he had lost twenty-two pounds, and if he could receive his money, he would get the bill thrown out.
Q. Upon the solemn oath you have taken, are you sure those were the words that he said? - A. Yes; he said then he would not appear before the Grand Jury, or some expression to that purport; I am sure he called three times, if not four.
Q. Have you known Keenan formerly? - A. Yes, he lived with a friend of mine, he bore the best of characters.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Had you any correspondence with Mr. Murphy? - A. I had not; he wrote to me, but I did not answer; he is a gentleman of considerable property; Mr. Murphy had given me a commission to pay some money, in case that Keenan was not brought to trial; I told the prosecutor so.
Court. Q. Did he tell you, that if you would procure him twenty-two pounds, he would get the bill thrown out? - A. He did, and to pay the forfeit of forty pounds.
The prisoners left their defence to their Counsel.
Gale, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Keenan, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
