





434. 
               
                  
                     MILES 
                     HUDSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of February
, three coats, value 3l. two blankets, value 10s. one hat, value 2s. and other articles
            , the property of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Birch
               




            .


                  EDWARD 
                  BIRCH
               



             sworn. - I belong to the Ruse lighter: On the 24th of February, we were lying along side the Tower wharf


; on Thursday, about six o'clock, I left the vessel, and returned again about seven, the Sincerity laid there at the same time, an ordnance vessel; when I returned at seven o'clock that evening, there was one of the people of the Sincerity walking the deck; he told me there had been somebody on board inquiring for me, he said, a young man belonging to the vessel; I said, there was nobody but myself and the master; I saw a young man, and I asked him what he did there; I asked him what business he had there; he jumped into a long boat along-side, and rowed away, and left the prisoner on board my vessel; I suppose the prisoner was below at the same time; I got on board, and took him by the collar, and I called out for assistance; I took him abast, and I saw a basket hanging up in the cabin with my coat in it; I desired the man to hold him till I struck a light, it was dark below; I went below, and struck a light to see what things I had lost; I missed nothing in the cabin, the coat was there; I took the prisoner to the guard-room, and put him under the care of the guard; I left him in care of the sailor of the Sincerity, his name is 
               
                  Philip 
                  Banks
               



            ; in my bed-cabin, I missed three coats, two blankets, a rug, and a hat; I found all, except the hat, the blankets, and the rug; I found the three coats the next morning between the combings of the hatchway and the mast-head; I have no doubt but they were my property.


                  PHILIP 
                  BANKS
               



             sworn. - On the 24th of February, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I was walking on the deck of the Sincerity; the prisoner came to me, and asked me if I knew where the mate of the Ruse was; I told him, no, I did not know where he was, but I believed he was gone on shore; he said that he belonged to the Ruse, that he was obliged to sleep on shore the night before, on account of the master and mate having taken the key out of the batch, and he could not get below; he said, he was then come for his dirty linen to get them washed, but he could not get below, because the captain and mate were gone on shore; he asked me if I had a key that I could lend him; I told him, no; he said, if he had a hammer, he would break the lock; I made him no answer to that; at the time he was talking to me, a man on board the Ruse called out, and told him, he had found the key of the batch; he immediately left me, and went on board the Ruse; the vessels were both along-side the wharf, but they lay so near together, that they could get from one to the other; a few minutes after, Birch came down upon the wharf; I told him, a young man that belonged to his vessel had been inquiring for him; he told me there was nobody belonging to the vessel but himself and the master, and he asked me if it was the master; I told him it was not; he saw somebody on board the vessel, and he called to them, and asked them what they did there; the answer they made him, what was it to him; he said, yes, it was to him; I saw a boat go away from the Ruse directly; whether there was one man or two in it I cannot say; Birch immediately came over our vessel, and went on board his own, and he saw the prisoner at the bar on the deck of the Ruse, and he called me to come and assist him; I came to his assistance, and held the prisoner while he went below; he went below, and said, he had missed all these clothes; he took the prisoner away. That is all I know about it.
Prisoner's defence. About half past five o'clock, when I came from on board the Neptune, this gentleman apprehended me by the collar.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
