





383. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     METCALF
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of May
, two sheets, value 10 s. a counterpane, value 4 s. a brass candlestick, value 1 s. a pillow, value 2 s. a pillow-case, value 1 s. and a glass, value 1 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Matthews
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  SUSANNAH 
                  MATTHEWS
               



             sworn. - My husband's name is 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Matthews
               



            , we live at No. 39, Albion-street, Commercial-road


: On the 11th of May I let the prisoner a back one pair of stairs room, furnished, at four shillings a week. Last Saturday she came in, and said she had been nursing a person; I made an excuse, I told her I wanted one of the sheets I had given her, I must have it, and I would give her another for it, she had not got into the room at this time; she said, she had left the key of the room where she had been nursing, she must have all the way to go back for it; I put my bonnet on, I said it would make no odds to her, I would go back with her; she told me to stop a minute, she would be soon back; I went out with her, she kept me walking about for an hour, she pulled out an handkerchief, and the key fell out; I said to her, when I picked up the key, this is the key of your room; when we came home, she went into one of my lodger's rooms, and said she hadmade free, and pledged the sheet; when I went into the room, I missed the articles in the indictment; I sent for an officer, and gave charge of her; she said that she meant to redeem them in the course of a week.
Q. Do you know how this woman got her living? - A. She said she got one shilling and sixpence a day at working at her needle, I never saw her doing of it.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  GIBSON
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, No. 8, Upper East-Smithfield; I produce a sheet pledged by the prisoner on the 11th of May for five shillings, and a looking-glass pledged on the 24th for one shilling.


                  ROBERT 
                  IVEY
               



             sworn. - I am apprentice to Mr. Dexter, Whitechapel-road; I produce a sheet, the prisoner pledged it on the 14th of May, I gave her five shillings on it, and here is a candlestick pledged on the 20th by the same person.


                  EDWARD 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of Lambeth-street Office: On Saturday last, I was sent for by Mrs. Matthews to take this woman into custody; on searching her I found two duplicates, one led to the discovery of the glass, and the other the candlestick.
Q.(To Prosecutrix.) Have you ever been able to find the duplicates of these sheets? - A. No, never.
Prisoner's defence. When I took the room of the prosecutrix, I was in view of paying my rent; I went for my monthly money, they told me they would not pay me the money, as they had got an account that some of the men were dead; I was very bad, I have got two children, I was very much distressed. If my prosecutrix had given me a little time, I would have replaced them, I had got good work coming in.
Prosecutrix. The Monday before the Saturday she was apprehended, she said she had received two pounds ten shillings, she paid me one four shillings.



               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
