





373. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     QUINNEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of January
, a silver table-spoon, value 15s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Inglis
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  MILBURN
               



             sworn. - I am butler to Mr. James Inglis, No. 8, Billiter-square


: The prisoner was employed, and had been a considerable time as a chairwoman
; and in December there was a silver table-spoon lost; I mentioned that there was a spoon lost, and the prisoner seemed very much concerned, and offered to pay for part of the spoon; all the servants were to go before a Magistrate to make oath that they did not know any thing about the property, and they all went except her; and she never came again till she was taken up; I put another spoon in the place of it, and did not hear any more of it till she was taken up, and the duplicate found upon her.


                  ROBERT 
                  ROSAMOND
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: On the 21st of May I was sent for to the house where the prisoner lodged, to take her into custody upon another charge; I asked her if she had any duplicates about her, she put her hand in her pocket and pulled out about twenty duplicates; in consequence of that I took them out of her hand and took her to the Compter, and the next day had her before the Lord Mayor; (produces a duplicate of a silver spoon, pledged for 13s.) I found it upon the prisoner; I traced it to the gentleman's house.


                  THOMAS 
                  KIMBER
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Windsor, pawnbroker, in the Minories: This is our duplicate of a table-spoon pledged 27th of January for 13s. I did not take it in; it is pledged in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Higgins
               



            , lodger, in John-street; the prisoner used our house, and we always knew her by that description. (Produces the spoon.)

Q. Where is the person that took this spoon in? - A. At Reading, in Berkshire.
Q. Is it the custom of your house to take in spoons in this way, with a crest upon them? - A. No; we have not another spoon in the house with a crest upon it.
Milburn. This is Mr. Inglis's spoon; it has his crest upon it.
Prisoner's defence. The reason of my not going was, that the house-maid came to me the night before, and told me not to go, for it would cause a great deal of confusion, as there were many things missing, and the butler had lent the plate out; or else I should have gone.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 36.)
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.




[Transportation. See summary.]


