






866. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     JOHNSON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SHIRES
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Starkey
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Jennings
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of two in the night of the 5th of October
, and burglariously stealing, a silver waiter, value 25l. three silver bottle stands, value 4l. and a gold watch, value 14l. 14s. the property of the said John Jennings
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  JENNINGS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Who are the partners in the brewery

? - A. Thomas Starkey and John Jennings.
Q. Are they proprietors of the dwelling house, in the brewery yard? - A. They are.
Q. Does the door of the house open into the street, or is the house inclosed in the yard? - A. It is inclosed in the yard.
Q. In what parish? - A. In the parish of St. James


.
Q. Is there a gate through which persons come into the yard? - A. Yes.
Q. Had you a private watchman in the yard? - A. Yes.
Q. A person of the name of Holliday, I believe? - A. Yes.
Q. At what time did you go to bed that night? - A. At ten o'clock.
Q. Was the house fast when you went to bed? - A. It was.
Q. Was the private watchman on duty in the yard at that time? - A. He was.
Q. About what time, in the course of the night, were you awaked? - A. A little before two o'clock; on Wednesday morning, the 6th of October, I was awaked by a singular noise, as if it proceeded from the yard; I listened, but did not hear a repetition of the noise, and therefore concluded it might be an engine, or some workmen that might be at work in the yard, not knowing, at that time the hour in the morning; I laid down to sleep, and was again alarmed by a crash, as if it was in the dwellinghouse; I got up, and went softly down stairs, listening as I went, to ascertain if my doubts were just; when I got a little below the first landing-place, on the stairs, I saw a glimmering light in the parlour, and could hear people talk, and could plainly see that the house-door was open.
Q. Are you sure the door was not open when you went to bed? - A. Yes, I fastened it myself.
Q. Did you lock it? - A. No, I left it on the spring-lock; I went out at the door so opened, and proceeded up the yard to the accompting-house, where I found the private watchman of the yard; I informed him there were thieves in the house, and desired that he would arm himself, and come with me, and assist in taking them; I proceeded again to the accompting-house.
Q. Did he arm himself to accompany you? - A. He did not, though I desired him several times; I went into the accompting-house, seized the firepoker, and desired him to come along with me, which he did; we proceeded across the hall together, towards the parlour door, two of the men immediately came out of the parlour into the hall; I struck at them with the poker; a scuffle ensued, and the watchman's light was immediately put out; I instantly went outside of the door.
Q. Did they appear to have any thing about them? - A. When I struck with the poker, some of the plate sell down from them; two of the men rushed out at the street-door; I called out, stop thieves, one man sprang over the rails, and ran towards the gates; I made a blow at the prisoner, Johnson.
Q. When you say, the prisoner, Johnson, had you light enough to see his person? - A. No.
Q. The man that you have since learned is Johnson? - A. I know him by never having lost fight of him.
Court. Q. It was not Johnson that sprang over? - A. No, another man sprang over the rails; I knock him down, and struck him again as he was rising, his hat came off. I knocked him down twice; he then proceeded towards the yard gate, I pursuing him, and striking him as he ran.
Q. How did he get over the rails? - A. Those rails go from the outside of the steps, leading to the dwelling-house; there are about five steps from the yard to the dwelling-house.
Q. Did he get over the rails? - A. No, I threw him head long down the steps.
Q. What gates do you mean? - A. The yardgates; the rails were only on each side of the steps, there are no rails at the bottom; I then pursued him, striking him as he ran.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Did your watchman attempt to give you any assistance? - A. I never once saw him after I had desired him to arm himself; the first man had got through the wicket, while I was engaged with Johnson; Johnson was going through the wicket, and I struck him several blows as he was getting through; he then proceeded through the wicket, along Little Pulteney-street; I followed close to him, through Crown-court, until he came to Little Pulteney-street again, where he was met by the watchman, O'Donnel, and secured; I followed him close all the way, striking him several blows as he ran.
Q. Did you lose sight of him before he was stopped by O'Donnell? - A. Never once; he was without his hat all the way he ran.
Q. I think you said, he lost his hat in the scuffle in the yard? - A. Yes, his hat was left in the yard, where I first knocked him down.
Q. Did you then return to the house? - A. I did.
Q. Was there light enough to enable you to see the features of the other man? - A. No, there was not, it was quite dark.
Q. Upon returning to the yard, did you find the hat belonging to Johnson? - A. It was picked up by the watchman, O'Donnell picked up one hat.
Q. Were both hats dropped in the yard? - A. Yes.
Q. When you returned, did you see that which had fallen from the persons, when you attacked them? - A. I did, on my return to the house; I went into the parlour, and found an iron crow lying close to a cupboard that had been broke open, and in the hall, and across the yard, I found several articles of plate, which had been taken therefrom.
Q. What articles? - A. Three silver bottlestands, several silver labels, a silver wine-strainer, and a silver waiter.
Q. Did you find all the silver labels that had been taken away in the yard? - A. Some were found in the yard, and I believe the street watchman picked up one.
Q. You did not find the whole that were lost, in the yard, and in the house? - A. No; on examination, I found one silver bottle-stand missing, which has not since been found.
Q. How had they got in? - A. By breaking the street door.
Q. How were you able to ascertain that? - A. There were impressions of the crow upon the street door.
Q. It appeared forced? - A. Yes.
Q. How was the lock of the street door? - A. The fastenings inside appeared to be very much strained; they were torn open, the screws were in a great measure drawn.
Q. In such a way as a crow would have occasioned? - A. Yes; the door-posts were very much torn.
Q. To whom did the plate belong that was found? - A. The private property of Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Jennings
               



            .
Q. You did not find any watch, I believe? - A. Yes; I was in company when it was found, three hours after.
Q. How soon after did you see the other priprisoner, Shire? - A. In the course of five minutes.
Q. In whose custody? - A. In the custody of Remington and Smith, about three hours after the robbery was committed; I proposed to the servant to go over the ground that the thieves had run over.
Q. You did not trace Shires to the place where he was apprehended? - A. No.
Q. Tell us what track did you go, from your gate to the gate-way of Hopkin's-street? - A. I first went the track in which Johnson went in endeavouring to escape; Johnson went to the end of Crown-court, and at the end of Green's-court, where Johnson never was, we picked up a gold watch.
Q. Do you know whether that gold watch was in the house, the night the house was broke open? - A. I have every reason to believe the watch was in the house.
Q. Do you know how lately, before you had seen it? - A. I had frequently seen it in Mr. Jennings's possession, and can positively swear it is his watch.
Q. You cannot say how lately you had seen it? - A. I cannot.
Q. Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Jennings
               



            , I believe, was out of town at this time? - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Mr. John Jennings keeps this house, does not he? - A. Yes.
Q. Where does Mr. Starkey live? - A. At Renbury-hall, Namptwich, Cheshire.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Does Mr. Jennings constantly reside in this house? - A. He hardly ever sleeps there.
Q. In what house does he usually sleep? - A. Near Mary-le-bonne-park.
Q. Who are the general inhabitants of the house? - A. My cousin and myself, Mr. Jennings, and the servant.
Q. What is your cousin's name? - A. Cross, the nephew of Mr. Jennings.
Court. Q. What servants? - A. One maidservant.
Q. Are the expences of the house-keeping paid jointly? - A. Mr. Jennings alone pays the maid servant.

Q. Who pays the other servants, who inhabt the house besides the maid-servants? - A. There are no other servants that inhabit the house.
Q. Where do the other servants inhabit? - A. The servants that belong to the business can lodge where they please.
Q. None of the servants belonging to the business, lodge in the dwelling-house? - A. None.
Q. Whose is the property of the dwellinghouse? - A. Mr. Jennings is the proprietor of the furniture.
Q. To whom does the dwelling-house belong? - A. Starkey and Jennings.
Q. Is it Mr. Jennings's private furniture? - A. His private furniture, he has a managing part ner.


                  RICHARD 
                  O'DONNELL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I apprehended the prisoner Johnson; I was on my beat a few minutes after two o'clock, I heard a cry of stop thief, upon which I pursued towards it; passing the top of Crown-court I saw the prisoner Johnson come running without his hat, I laid hold of him, we scuffled some time, and Mr. Jennings came up, having a weapon in his hand, which I believe was a poker, and desired me to hold him fast; I asked Mr. Jennings if that was the thief, he said it is if he has a cut in his head, so I turned him about to the lamp and accordingly he had, upon that I conducted him to Mr. Jennings's house, where we found a number of things lying.
Q. Did you find any wearing-apparel of any sort in the yard? - A. Two hats and a handkerchief, lying in the yard; one of the hats I took down to the watch-house with me; when we went before the Justice, Johnson claimed it, and he had it; the other hat was not claimed by any body that I know of.


                  THOMAS 
                  REMINGTON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. - I am a watchman of St. James's; I was calling the hour of two, and heard a hand go along the wicket-gate; they keep a dog in the yard; I thought it was the dog; I kept crying the hour, and in a minute or two after the gate flew open, and the prisoner, Shires, came out; I collared him directly, I asked him what business he had in the yard; he was very much out of wind; he wade me no answer; he broke his hold from me; I pursued him down Little Pulteney-street, and through Green's-court; he then went into the Gravel-pits, in Hopkins-street, and there the watchman and I caught him again.
Q. How did you get from the place you mentioned, into Hopkins-street? - A. There is a gateway leading to it at the bottom of Green's-court.
Q. Did you lose fight of him before he got to the gateway? - A. No, I never lost sight of him at all.
Q. Not when he was under the gateway? - A. No; Swift, another watchman, then came up Hopkins-street, from Green's-court, to meet me.
Q. Where was Shires when you took him? - Underneath the gateway, at the end of Green'scourt; I took him back to Mr. Jennings's house, and then to the watch-house; after I had taken him to the watch-house; I went with Mr. Jennings the way that Shires had gone, and picked up a watch in the high road in Little Puneney-street, near Green's-court.
Q. At what time was that? - A. Five o'clock in the morning.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. About two o'clock, when you passed by Mr. Jennings's gate, it was very dark, was it not? - A. Not very dark.
Q. You heard something which you supposed to be a dog, and you went on? - A. No, I had not passed the gate, it was about two doors before I came up to the gate, and then the prisoner came out; I asked him what business he had there, but he made me no answer.
Q. You have said you never lost fight of him? - A. I did not.
Q. Did not you pass any other watchman is you way? - A. No.


                  EDWARD 
                  SWIFT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a watchman, in Hopkins-street; a little after two o'clock in the morning, I heard the rattle spring; I ran from Husband-street into Hopkins-street.
Q. Did you meet with any body before you came to Green's-court? - A. When I came to the gateway, at the end of Green's court, I saw Remington, I then looked and saw a pair of white stockings standing up against a door which I found to be a man.
Q. Who did that turn out to be? - A. That is the man (pointing to Shires); I took him to Mr. Jennings's, and from there to the watch-house.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. When you first heard the rattle you were in Husband-street? - A. Yes.
Q. From thence you came to Hopkins-street? - A. Yes.
Q. And from Hopkins-street you came into this gateway? - A. Yes.
Q. Is Hopkins-street a thoroughfare? - A. Yes, there is coach way through.
Q. You did not see any body going the way you came? - A. No.
Q. But if any body had got into the gateway they might have gone the other way before you came up to them? - A. No, they could not, because there was another watchman coming after him from Green's-court.
Q. How long had you been at the end of the gateway before the other watchman came up? - A. About a minute.
Q. Then if any person had gone through thegateway before you came up, that person must have gone a different way from that which you came? - A. I suppose so.
Q. When you took Shires had he a hat or was he without a hat? - A. He had his hat in his hand.
Q. Then wherever he had been he had not left his hat behind him? - A. No.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Did you come up to the gateway as soon as Remington did? - A. Yes.
Q. Then could any man that Remington was pursuing have got through the gateway without your seeing him? - A. No, he could not.


                  PATRICK 
                  KIRLEY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Where is your beat? - A. A part of it is in Berwick-street and part in Peter-street; I heard the rattles spring a little after two o'clock; I did not come up till after the prisoners were in custody; I went with them to Mr. Jennings's, after that I went with them to the watch-house; I went with Swift and Mr. Jones to Pulteney-street about five o'clock in the morning, and found a silver label for a bottle stand, which I gave to Mr. Jones, I found it about five yards from where the watch was picked up.
Q. Were you at the office when the prisoners were committed? - A. Yes; after they were committed Stires turned about to Remington, pointed to him and told him he might depend upon it he would have it served him cold some night.
Q. (To Jennings.) Have you got the watch here? - A. Yes; Mr. Jennings told me when he came to town that the watch was deposited in the drawer.
Court. Q. Was it used to be deposited there? - A. Yes, (produces it); I know this to be Mr. Jennings's watch, it had a bruise in it when it was found. (The silver bottle stands and waiter were produced and identified by Mr. Jennings.)
Johnson's defence. The watchman said before the Magistrates that the prosecutor was half a minute before he came up.
Shires's defence. I was under a gateway doing my business, when the watchman came up and accused me of being a thief; I had been out late drinking in St. George's-market, and was a little intoxicated with liquor.
Johnson, GUILTY, aged 23.
Shires, GUILTY, aged 18.




               Of stealing the goods, but not in the dwelling-house, and not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
