





842. 
               
                  
                     ESTHER 
                     SIMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 10th of October
, six yards of cotton, value 9 s. a sheet, value 8 s. 4 gowns, value 1 l. 10 s. and a silver table spoon, value 10 s. and half a crown
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Wolfe
                  




               
            , spinster
.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WOLFE
               



            . I live in Salters Hall Almshouses


, I lost six yards of cotton, five gowns, a sheet, a table spoon, and half a crown, they were taken from my box.
Q. Where were these things of yours - A. A person died in my room; I took my box of clothes up into the prisoners room, and when I wanted to go to my box she always denied me, and when I went to fetch my box away my things were taken out. I found the duplicates of my things in my box, I gave them to Mrs. Thomas.
JANE THOMAS, Mrs. Wolfe found the duplicates in her box in the Prisoners room she gave them to me, I gave them to Mr. Geary, the prisoner had left the room and locked the door up.


                  JAMES 
                  GEARY
               



            . I am an officer. On Thursday the 10th of October, the prosecutor made application to me, I went in search of the Prisoner, I found her at Wakefield-place Bunhill-row; I had the duplicates of the property in my hand, they were given me by 
               
                  Jane 
                  Thomas
               



            , I shewed the Prisoner the duplicates, I asked her if she knew any thing of them? she replied, Yes I do, I asked her how she came to absent herself from the place so long? she replied, I had not got money to get them out, and I did not like to go near the place.
Q. How long had she absented herself - A. It is rather better than a month that the things have been pledged, they were pledged on the 7th of September. I never found her till the 10th of October, she throwedherself into great confusion and said, I hope you will not hurt me, I told her I had nothing at all to do with it, I must take her before a magistrate, I examined Mrs. Wolfe's box, I found the hinges were taken off the lid.
CHARLES TAYLOR. I am a pawnbroker, three gowns on the 8th of September, and a table spoon on the 23d of August were pawned at my shop; I know the prisoner came to the shop, but I cannot say she pawned them.
Prisoner's Defence. The reason that I told her she could not go the box she well knew, there were two trunks of Gentlemen's linen upon the box, and that is the reason I gave her at the time. I unfortunately took in a person that had been backwards and forwards for nine months, she came out of the hospital and asked me to let her abide there till she got a place, she was the only person in the place that could have taken them out, there was a pair of candlesticks she took away from me. I gave her the money to take them out. I was away from home three weeks and a day, although they say it was a month.
Q. How came you to tell the officer that you knew about the duplicates. - A.Because she told me that she had pledged the things. She said, she would give me a couple of guineas to replace the things; she did not give it me, and that was the reason of my going away.
Q. To Prosecutrix. How long had she absconded from the place. - A. About a month.
Q.Was there any other person in the room. - A. No, not when I put my box there. When I went for my things there was another woman there once, she had only come to see her she was not going to stay; she never had any body to lodge with her.
Jury. Did the prisoner ever tell you that there was any boxes on the top of your's. - A. There was a box at one time; when I went to look at my box she refused me. I said I would take hold of one side and she of the other, she would not do it; I offered to take it down many times, she would not let me.
The prisoner called two witnesses who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for seven years
            . 
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
