





296. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of February
, three dozen of knives, value 30 s. and a mahogany knife box, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Pearson
                  




               
            .
SAMUEL HICKFORD. Q. What are you. - A. I am servant to Doctor
 Pearson. On the 28th of February, from Mr. Prosser giving information to one of our servants, I went into the dining room and missed the knife case from the side board.

Q. Had you seen the man in the house. - A. No. I then opened the front door, I told Mr. Prosser the article was gone; the prisoner was pursued and taken; I received this property and the prisoner, and sent for a constable.
MR. PROSSER. I am a grocer; I was passing down George street, Hanover square, I observed the prisoner come out of Dr. Pearson's house with this knife box before him, his great coat covering part of it; from his apparent agitation I supposed he had stolen it; I told the woman servant of it at the top of the area steps, that I thought he had stole it from their house; she informed the butler, he went up into the dining room and found it was gone; the next witness came up, he ran down Maddox street, and saw the prisoner; he came back, and informed me; we pursued the prisoner and brought him back to Dr. Pearson's, with the knife box.
Q. Where did you stop him. - A. In Bruton street.
Q. What time of the day was this. - A. Between eight and nine o'clock in the morning.
Prisoner. Will you swear that I am the man.
COURT. Yes, he does swear to you.
Pris. I was never in the house, nor do not know where the place is.


                  JOHN 
                  LITTLEJOHN
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Walters; I was coming down George street, about twenty minutes before nine o'clock on Saturday the 20th of February; I met the prisoner with this knife case before him, about twenty yards from Dr. Pearson's door; seeing the last witness look after him, I particularly suspected him.
Q. You took such particular notice of him that you are certain he is the man. - A. I am certain he is the man; when I came up to the last witness, having suspicion, I asked him; he said he saw him come out of the door; I pursued the prisoner, I catched him in Bruton street, I asked him where he got the knife case; he said he picked up the knife case at a door in Bruton street; I took the knife case from him; Mr. Prosser came up; we took him back to Dr. Pearson's; that is the same case I took from him.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. What I am accused of, I am as innocent as a child unborn; I was going down Bond street, I met with a gentleman's servant, he asked me if I was out of work, I said yes; I had just come from the Cape of Good Hope along with sir Home Popham; he said he would give me a shilling for carrying this case; I said a shilling would help me and my wife and family.



               GUILTY
            , aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
