





779. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     THANE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of October
, four pounds weight of coffee, value 8s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Rebecca 
                     Brandon
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Rachel 
                     Cortissos
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Moses 
                     Brandon
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Brandon
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Cortissos
                  



               
            .
Second Count. Charging it to be the property of the 
               
Commissioners of Excise



            .
Third Count. Charging it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Harris
                  



               
            .
Fourth Count. Charging it to be the property of a certain person, or persons, to the Jurors unknown.(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  MAJOR 
                  PRATT
               



             sworn. - I am foreman to Messrs. Brandon and Co. at Hoxton


; there was a great quantity of coffee in their warehouses, under the Excise Lock, (proves the firm as stated in the indictment;) the prisoner was Excise-Locker
: On the 5th of October, about half past five in the afternoon, he went to lock up the doors as usual; one of the labourers, Samuel Thomas, came and gave me some information, in consequence of which, when the prisoner had locked all the doors, I told him, I wanted to speak to him; I told him he had intimated to me, that the other officers were carrying on wrong practices; I now had an intention of searching him; I touched one of his pockets on the outside,and found it contained coffee; I then called in two of the labourers into the accompting-house; I said, Mr. Thane, you must deliver up this coffee, or I must send for an officer, and force you to deliver it up; he then said, well, I took hold of his pocket, and turned out a quantity of raw coffee into Thomas's apron; I asked him, if he had any more, he said, no; I think he added, upon his honour; I said, no; I must see, I moved his hat, and some grains came from under it; I then turned it over the man's apron, and a great quantity run out of the lining; he wanted me to overlook it, he was in liquor, and he would return it into the warehouse; I told him I would not do so, but if he chose to go with me to my masters, he would see that it was not from my passion, but from the order of my masters; it weighed four pounds and two ounces, I compared the coffee, it is the same; a constable was sent for, and he was taken into custody.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. This man, I believe, was not a regular officer, he was an extra-officer? - A. I believe he was.
Q. He was drunk, was not he? - A. He seemed to be very much in liquor.


                  SAMUEL 
                  THOMAS
               



             sworn. - I am a labourer in Messrs. Brandon's warehouses; on the 5th of October, a little before five o'clock, the prisoner came up to order the labourers out; I happened to shop a little longer in the warehouse, I turned my head round, and espied the prisoner did his left-hand into a cask of coffee, twice, and put it into his left-hand pocket; I came down below, and informed Major Pratt; he was drunk, but he could walk steady. (The coffee was produced in Court.)
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that he was in liquor at the time he committed the offence, and expressing great contrition.



               GUILTY
            , aged 50.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
