





695. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DOUGLAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of August
, a metal watch, value 3l. and a gold seal, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Price
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Green
                     



.


                  DAVID 
                  PRICE
               



             sworn. - I am an officer in the 6th battalion of Reserve, attached to the 81st regiment
: On the 1st of August I slept at the Cannon coffee-house, Cockspur-street


; I saw my watch at six o'clock the next morning by my bed-side upon the dressing-table; I got up and unbolted my room door to let the man come in for my boots, as I had been used to do; I went to bed again, and got up between seven and eight o'clock, my watch was then gone.


                  DAVID 
                  JONES
               



             sworn. - On the 2d of August the prisoner brought a watch to my master's shop, in St. Martin's-lane, about six o'clock in the afternoon; he wanted three guineas and a half upon it; I had previous to that received a hand-bill from Bow-street, describing the watch; I asked him his name; he said, Duncan Piggott, Chatham Barracks; I requested he would walk in, as I had something to say to him; his answer was, yes, and immediately turned himself towards the door; I went after him; he wanted to go to a friend three or four doors lower down; I told him I could not permit that; I had received some information respecting that watch, which I would communicate to him if he would come in, and upon being pressed he did come in; he said he found the watch in the necessary; I told him I must be under the necessity of sending for the gentleman; I immediately sent for an officer, and he was taken to Bow-street.(The watch was produced, and identified by Mr. Price.)


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I am an officer; I took the prisoner into custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



             sworn. - I keep the Cannon coffee-house: On the 2d of August, Mr. Price lodged in my house, and had done for some time before; the prisoner slept in my house on the night of the 1st of August, on the floor over Mr. Price.
Mr. Price. When I missed my watch the boots had not been taken out of the room.
Prisoner's defence. I found this watch in the privy; I have been nine or ten years in the service of my King and country; I am a lieutenant in the navy; I am unprepared for trial, or I could have had witnesses here. GUILTY, aged 29.




               Of stealing goods to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Hotham.
