





586. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  ROWNES
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of March
, 143 handkerchiefs, value 5l. and 4d. and 500 yards of muslin, value 19l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Moses 
                           Levy
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  MOSES 
                  LEVY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a merchant and warehouseman
 in the Minories


, in the parish of St. Botoiph, Aldgate, in the City of London: The prisoner came to me as a servant on the 28th of December last.
Q. In what capacity? - A. As house-maid
.
Q. Is the warehouse a part of your house? - A. Yes; there is a communication from one to the other, it is all under one roof; the prisoner lived with me till the 18th of March: On Saturday morning, the 19th of March, between five and six o'clock, she knocked at my door, and said, for God's sake, master, get up, your warehouse is breaking open, and we shall be murdered in the house; I went down immediately, she went down with me; I found two squares of glass in the skylight taken out, and a piece of muslin lying at the top.
Q.Was the broken glass large enough to admit the muslin through? - A. Yes, big enough to admit a person to get through it; I looked round the warehouse, but could find nobody; I opened the counter under the sky-light, and found it entirely stripped; there were a great quantity of corded dimities, calicoes, muslins, and a great number of other articles, which were gone.
Q. Did you miss 142 handkerchiefs? - A. Yes, and 500 yards of muslin.
Q. What were the handkerchiefs worth? - A. I dare say, full thirty pounds.
Q. What was the muslin worth? - A.Fifty or sixty pounds, or more; I had some hand-bills sent about, but I discoverd nothing till the 8th of June; I had no suspicion of the prisoner at that time; she left my service about the 14th or 16th of May, and I gave her a character to a Mr. Barnard: On the 8th of June, in consequence of information I received, I sent for Mr. Davis, the constable; he went, and fetched the prisoner to my house; I then said to the prisoner, where did you get money from to get all this quantity of things made up, particularly the cambric aprons.
Q.Had you told her it would be better to give an account of it? - A. No, I had not.
Q.Had the officer said any thing of that kind in your presence? - A. Nothing of the kind; I asked her where she got the money from, to have all these things made up; I said, you have made up a great quantity of corded dimity; she said, the bought it in the Minories; I then sent Davis to search her box; he brought to me some muslins made up into petticoats.
Q.Did he bring any handkerchiefs? - A. No; Mr. Davis then took her to the Compter.
Q. Was the muslin that had been made up into petticoats, muslin belonging to you? - A. Yes, it was.
Q.Had you ever given her that muslin, or any part of it? - A. No, nothing of the kind.
Q.Had she, while she was your servant, access to that warehouse? - A. No, none but men-servants; the women had no business in that part at all.
Q.Was it plain muslin? - A. Some plain, and some figured.
EDWARD DAVIS sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a constable; I was sent to by the prosecutor: On Wednesday, the 8th of June, I went to Mr. Barnard's house, where the prisoner then lived; I told the prisoner she must go with me to Mr. Levy's house; I did not tell her why.
Q. Did she say any thing? - A. No; when she came into Mr. Levy's presence, he asked her how she came by such a quantity of muslin and corded dimities, which he had received information she had made up; she told him she had bought them in the Minories, and she could describe the place where, but could not tell the name; I told her, she must give me the keys to search her boxes; she told me, they were not locked; I went over, and searched her boxes; I found a quantity of muslin, petticoats and corded dimities; there were some muslin handkerchiefs and new bed-gowns; I brought the property over to Mr. Levy's, and he said it was his; I then took her to the Compter,(produces the property), I have had it ever since; I afterwards went to the pawnbroker's, Mr. Morris's, in the Minories, by her direction, where I found pieces of muslin.

Q. Did you find any handkerchiefs any where? - A. I believe part of that muslin is handkerchiefs.
Q.How did you know them to be her boxes? - A.Her mistress pointed them out to me, and I knew them to be her's before; I had searched them at Mr. Levy's before on the 19th of March.
- MORRIS sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, No. 119, in the Minories; I know the prisoner; she pledged a quantity of muslin and handkerchiefs with me at various times, from the 4th of January to the 31st of May: On the 18th of March, she pledged a quantity of muslin and white muslin handkerchiefs.
Q.How many handkerchiefs? - A. One piece; I lent her upon different articles that day 24l.
Q.What is the value of that piece of handkerchiefs? - A.Eighteen shillings; there were twelve of them in a piece.
Q.What quantity of muslin did she pledge on that day? - A. Thirty-nine pieces.
Q.What is the value of the muslin? - A. Eighteen shillings each piece.
Q.Had she been in the habit of using your shop? - A. She had formerly (produces the property) I have had them in my custody ever since.
Levy. I am sure they are my property.
Q.Have you ever permitted her, or any body else, to sell these articles? - A. No, I sell nothing in town, my goods are for exportation; they were rather tarnished, and I sent them to Mr. Starey, at Croydon, to be bleached; they have all been washed, and have Mr. Starey's marks on them; I am sure they are my property.
Q.Whereabout is the value of that muslin and that piece of handkerchiefs? - A. The forty pieces are worth about 60l. as near as I can guess.
Q.Look at the muslins produced by Davis? - A. I am sure they are mine, but now they are made up, it is impossible to swear to them; but I am convinced they are mine.
The prisoner did not say any thing in her defence. GUILTY, aged 33,
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
