





330. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     STAFFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th of February
, two silver tea spoons, value 4 s. part of a pair of scissars, value 6 d. three shirts, value 5 s. three neck handkerchiefs, value 3 s. two pair of stockings, value 6 d. a tablecloth, value 5 s. and one shilling
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Lane
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  LANE
               



            . I live at 24, North Audley-street


, I am a surgeon
, the prisoner was my servant
.
Q. Did you at any time lose any silver tea spoons, shirts, stockings, and tablecloth. - A. Yes, on the 28th of February.
Q. Did you miss all the things that are in the indictment at one time. - A. I did I went to Marlborough-street, the officer returned with me, and found part of the articles on her person. I was present when they found a silver bow of a pair of scissars, a shilling and a tea spoon. I found the other things in her box.
Prisoner. I would ask my master if he did not lose any thing before I went into his service. - A. I believe the day before she came into my service, that very day she was on a visit to one of my servants.


                  JAMES 
                  KENNEDY
               



            . Q. You are an officer of Marlborough-street. - A. Yes.
Q. Did you search the prisoner. - A. I did; when I first went in she dropped a tea spoon upon the parlour carpet; after we had charged her with robbing her master, Burton searched her pockets in my presence, and found a silver bowl of a pair of scissars; she directed me to her box below stairs, I brought it up stairs, I asked her if it was hers, she said it was; I found a silver spoon, a shirt, a pair of stockings, and some handkerchiefs of Mr. Lane's.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. Mrs. Lane always told us to keep a spoon in our pockets to stir the tea in the morning, because she had lost so many; the other things I bought of a servant that lived there.
Prosecutor. That servant left us because of indisposition; the prisoner knew where she was gone to.



               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
