





81. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COLEBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 8th of January
, thirty yards of kerseymere, value 7 l. 18 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Blacket
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Blacket
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Blacket
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling house
             of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Blacket
               



            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BLACKET
               



            . I live in Newgate street


, I am a woollen draper
.
Q. What is your partners

 names. - 
               A. John Blacket
            , and James Blacket. On the 8th of January, about six o'clock in the evening, I was coming down stairs, I heard a noise in the shop; the next witness brought a boy in who had taken a piece of cloth out of the shop.
Q. Where was it before it was taken. - A. It was laying upon a table in the middle of the shop.


                  PETER 
                  MALLARD
               



            . I am a stay maker, I was coming down Holborn last Thursday about six o'clock in the evening, I saw this boy in company with another by the middle of Turnstile, Holborn; he was standing by the edge of the pavement, whistling and calling some other person to him; I told him he had better go about his business for he was doing no good there. And just as I was coming into Newgate street, they passed me again; I crossed over the way, and they went up Newgate street, I saw him stop at the shop window, and look into the shop; there was a coach coming by just at the time, and I saw the prisoner run across the way with this piece of kerseymere; I took hold of him and took him over to Mr. Blacket's house; he sent for an officer, and took him in custody.
Q. What became of the other boy. - A. The other boy ran down the street.
Q. You are sure this is the same boy that you saw before. - A. Yes, because I looked him full in the face, and told him he would do no good there.


                  JAMES 
                  WOODLAND
               



            . I am an officer; the prisoner was given into my custody, and this is the bundle; I have had it ever since.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I should be very happy to go to sea.
GUILTY, aged 15.




               Of stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
