





486. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     FARRELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault on the 15th of May
, upon 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Humphries
                        




                     
                  , putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, a silver watch, value 30 s. his property
            .


                  DAVID 
                  HUMPHRIES
               



            . The last place I was in, I was book keeper
 to the Angel inn. I have been in the country since. On the 15th of May, in the morning. between one and two o'clock, I came from my club, the corner of Oxford Road; coming along to Holborn
, the prisoner and another woman accosted me, the prisoner laid hold of of my left arm, and the other woman snatched the watch out of my pocket; she would not loose my arm to let me go after the other woman; I called the watch, and gave her in custody; he took her to St. Giles' watchhouse. She owned to the watchman that she knew who it was that took my watch.
Q. She did not strike you at all. - A. No.


                  THOMAS 
                  DAWSON
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 15th of May, between one and two in the morning, I heard watch called; me and another watchman went directly, and the prosecutor gave charge of that woman; she said she knew the woman that took the watch.
Prisoner's Defence. I met this man in the street; we were talking together a good time; we were going to sleep together, till this girl came up, this girl and he began laughing and talking together; then after that she went away; he asked me if I knew her, and he said she had taken the watch out of his pocket; I said I was sorry for it; he went after the girl, he could not take her; he came back and took me up. That woman I never saw before in my life.
GUILTY, aged 28.




               Of stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
