





275. 
               
                  JOHN-DANIEL 
                  FEARE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of February
, a metal watch, value 40s. a gold seal, value 5s. a silk handkerchief, value 1s. and a pocket knife, value 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Woodhouse
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .
BENJAMIN WOODHOUSE sworn. - On Tuesday night, the 17th of this month, I lost a metal watch, with a gold seal, as I was going in hackney-coach from St. Paul's to my own house, in Park-row, Knightbridge, about half-past ten o'clock at night, I think the number was 192; my watch was found upon the prisoner, in his hat upon his head; he was in the coach with me; when I came to pay the toll at Hyde-park, I missed it; I had taken some punch in the course of the day, which had made me rather intoxicated, having eat no animal food that day; the streets were very slippery; I was staggering in the street, and the prisoner laid hold of me, I believe, in Lombard-street, about nine o'clock; he said, I seemed to be very much in liquor, I told him I was, and if he would see me home, I should be very much obliged to him; he conducted me to a coach in St. Paul's Church-yard, which I got into, and he with me; when I missed my watch at the toll-house, I said, you are a thief, I have got a thief with me; the turnpikeman assisted me, and my watch was found in the crown of his hat, on his head, and my handkerchief under his arm-pit; when he got out of the coach, he got from me, but did not get more than one hundred yards, or perhaps not fifty, before he was taken and brought back, he was then taken to Mount-street watch-house.


                  JOHN 
                  NASH
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman, in Hamilton-street, Piccadilly; I was sent for to the Toll-house, I searched the prisoner, and found a metal watch with a gold seal, under his hat, and a silk handkerchief under his arm.
JOHN PEDDINGTON sworn. - I am constable and watch-house-keeper, at the parish of St. George, Hanover-square; I searched the prisoner when he was brought to the watch-house, I found in his right-hand coat pocket, the knife which the prosecutor claimed. (Produces the whole of the property.)
THOMAS HORNE sworn. - I am a coachman; the prosecutor and the prisoner got into my coach, I drove them to Hyde-park-corner, and them Mr. Woodhouse said, the prisoner was a thief, and I went for the watchman; I saw the watchman take a silk handkerchief from under his arm-pit, and a watch from under his hat; and after he was at the watch-house, I saw a knife taken from his righthand coat-pocket. (The property was deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I took his watch to take care of it, he was very much intoxicated, and it was falling out of his pocket, and my pockets being had, I put it in my hat.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not privately, from the person
            , aged 35.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Ricorder.
