





751. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  JEFFERYS
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of October
, a cloth coat, value 10s. a petticoat, value 10s. a gown, value 5s. and two cotton shawls, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Johnson
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  JOHNSON
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of William Johnson, No. 23, Holywell-row: On Tuesday the 14th of this month, I pulled off a gown and petticoat, and two shawls, at three o'clock in the afternoon, as near as I can tell, in my bedroom; they were taken off the bed, and tied up in a coarse cloth that is not mine; the great coat was found at the bottom of the second pair of stairs, by my lodger; the bundle was found in my bed-room; I delivered them all to the officer; the prisoner is a stranger to me; when I came down stairs, I went to washing, and some time after I was going up stairs again, and saw the prisoner come out of my room; I am sure he is the man; when he came down stairs, I shoved him into my room below, myself, and secured him; he was never out of my sight.


                  RUTH 
                  HICKSON
               



             sworn. - I lodge in the same house with the last witness: I heard an alarm about three o'clock; I came down stairs, and trod upon a great coat; it laid upon the stairs above her bedroom; I looked into the bed-room and saw the bundle tied up, lying upon the floor; then I went down stairs, and saw the prisoner in custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MASON
               



             sworn. - I am one of the Police-officers: (produces the property). Upon searching him, I found upon him these keys; (producing a large bundle; )the things were in a coarse cloth;(producing it; ) it has strings to it, like a man's apron.(The property was deposed to by Mrs. Johnson.)
Prisoner's defence. Mrs. Johnson did not see me come out of the room; I was only at the door; I wanted a Mr. Roberts, a locksmith, who I understood lodged there; the street-door was open, and I went up; but was never in the room.
Q.(To Mrs. Johnson.)Did you or not see him come out of the room? - A. I did.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr.RECORDER.
