






98. 
               
                  
                     HENRY HART 
                     SIMPSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of December
, five bound books, called Burrow's Reports, value 15s. and three bound books, called Brown's Reports, in Chancery, value 13s. 6d.
             the property of the Hon.


                  Spencer 
                  Percival
               




            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  ANN 
                  KENT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I was cleaning out Mr. Percival's chambers, in Lincoln's-inn


, on a Monday, a little before five o'clock; Mr. Percival was out; the prisoner came and asked me if there were two great coats there for him to take to Mr. Gibbs's-house; Mr. Gibbs is an acquaintance of Mr. Percival's; then he asked me for some books, he came into the room, and said, these were the books; I told him he had better go to Mr. Percival's house; he said, he did not know what to do, he ought to have been there before five o'clock; then he went away, and took the books with him; I saw him again at Bow-street, the Thursday after; I knew him to be the person who had taken away the books.
Court. Q. Was this man a stranger to you? - A. Yes; but I am sure he is the man.
WILLIAM LEATHERBOURG sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am servant to Mr. Nunn, bookseller, in Queen-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields; I know the prisoner perfectly; I have seen him before; he came to my master's house, as near as I can guess, about a quarter before five, on the Monday before Christmas-day, he brought a boy with him, with some books, and asked Mr. Nunn if he would purchase them, and he said, no; I recollected his person then; he had some time before brought Mr. Marryat's books; I told Mr. Nunn that was the man that had brought Mr. Marryat's books, and said, I would go and take him; I followed him down Wild-street, into a bookseller's shop, where I took him; I told him they were not his property; he said, they were, he had bought them; I sent my master's son, who came down Wild-street with me to Bow-street, for an officer.
Q.Where were the books when you stopped him in this shop? - A. Upon the counter, close by him; the officer came and took him to Bow-street, and I took the books, which were delivered to the constable, at Bow-street.
JOHN SMITH sworn. - I am one of the persons belonging to Bow-street: On Monday the 23d of December, between five and six o'clock, I was fetched to take charge of this man, for stealing some books; he told me the books were his, that he gave twenty-five shillings for them; I then secured him, and took him to Bow-street; I have had them ever since. (Produces them.)
HON. SPENCER PERCIVAL sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I lost all these books, and this one I can speak positively to, because there is a great deal of my own hand-writing in it; it is the second volume of Burrow; the first witness is my laundress's daughter; there are five volumes of Burrow, and three of Brown's Reports in Chancery.
Prisoner. I have nothing at all to say.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


