





266. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BATCHELOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of January
, 4lb. and two ounces of coffee, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Lingham
                  



               
            .
Second Count. Laying it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Harris
                  



               
            .
Third Count. The property of the 
               
Commissioners of the Excise





            .
Fourth Count. The property of persons unknown.
CHARLES CLARKE sworn. - I am an Excise inspector of imported liquors; it is my occasional duty to superintend the Excise and Custom-house lockers; On the 15th of January, about one o'clock, I went to Mr. Lingham's warehouse; it is situated in Thames-street


, with an entrance from Bear-lane; there are sugars and a great quantity of coffee lodged there under the King's lock; the prisoner is a Custom-house locker
; I saw him and the rest of the lockers approach the top of the avenue leading from the warehouse to Bear-lane;I desired them to return, for I wanted to go into the warehouse; they did return with apparent reluctance.
Q.How far was the prisoner from the warehouse? - A.About forty or fifty feet; they were retiring to dinner; the prisoner was coming in the direction from the warehouse; he had not reached the street; it is part of the premises, and at time considered as part of the warehouse; sugars are lodged there. One of the lockers opened the door, and I went in; the prisoner did not go in at that time; he ran up stairs into an higher story; I followed him, and brought him back, and after I had got them in the warehouse, I felt their cloaths, and discovered the prisoner and another had coffee about them; the prisoner had 4lb. two ounces secreted between the back and lining of his waistcoat, which communicated with his pockets; I took it from him; he assisted me; he listed it up, and it ran down into his pocket, which was the way he took it out; I asked him to inform me who were the receivers, but he did not; he said he had taken it out of the warehouse; that he had done it before, but that what he had taken was only for his family's use.
Q. Was the coffee found upon him of the same description as the coffee in Mr. Lingham's warehouse? - A. Yes.
Q. It is impossible to miss so small a quantity?- A. Yes, it was clean raw coffee.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You were very anxious to discover the depredators to get at the receivers, did you tell him it would be the better for him to tell who were the receivers? - A. No.
Q.Whether your object was to get at the receivers, and to admit this man an evidence against the receivers? - A. No.
Q.Have not these men little perquisites? - A. No.
Q. Are you quite sure that it was the prisoner that said, what you have stated, or a person of the name of Evans? - A.Evans said, he had never taken any before; the prisoner said, it is common for people to say, it is the first time, but I will not deny it, I have taken some before.


                  JAMES 
                  HARRIS
               



             sworn. - I was with the last witness; I saw Mr. Clark search the prisoner, he found some raw coffee in the back of his waistcoat; the prisoner said, that what he had taken, was for the use of his family; the constable has the coffee.


                  RICHARD 
                  HARDING
               



             sworn. - The coffee was given me by Mr. Clarke, at Mr. Lingham's warehouse.
Clarke. I delivered the coffee to Harding.
Q. It is impossible for you to swear that that is the identical coffee, taken out of the King's warehouse? - A. I cannot swear it.
Q.Is Mr. Lingham responsible for this property? - A. I cannot say; it is left under the King's lock.
Prisoner's defence. I seized the coffee in an unentered place out of the warehouse.
Q.(To Clarke.) This was under the key of the Commissioners of Excise? - A. Yes.
For the Prisoner.


                  CHARLES 
                  DUFF
               



             sworn. - I am a locker belonging to the Customs, and have been so seventeen years: I was on duty on the watch, on Saturday the 15th of January, attending the sugar-coopers, drawing some sugar; coming down from the half-story, behind the door, I observed some coffee concealed under some clover hay, I was going to the other side of the yard, I saw Batchelor, I told him there was some coffee concealed behind the door, and desired him to go and seize it.
Q.Did he do so? - A. Yes.
Q. Would that be the duty of a coffee-locker to do, if there was coffee concealed? - A.Certainly.
Q. Upon a seizure made by a locker, he is entitled to a part of it? - A. Yes.
Q. You was upon sugar, therefore it was not your duty to seize it? - A. Yes, I had a right as much as he, but I had not time to seize it, and referred it to Batchelor; I had three warehouses open at that time.
Q. Do you know the quantity behind the door?- A. No, it was laid open and covered with clover; I went to look for a piece of chalk, and put my hand upon it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q.Would it not have been a part of your duty to seize it? - A. Yes.
Q. Why did you not seize it? - A. I had not time, I had to look after the sugar.
Q.Is it customary for an officer, when he makes a seizure, to conceal it in his waistcoat? - A. That I did not see.
Q. How long have you been acquainted with the prisoner? - A. I cannot say, I believe about eight months.
Q.When did you see him first, after he was charged with this? - A. I saw them when they came back, they called me up, they searched my pockets, and bid me go about my business.
Q. Had the prisoner been searched before you went away? - A. No.
Q. Did you give information to Mr. Clarke of the coffee behind the door? - A. No.
Mr. Knapp. Q. If you had not seen Batchelor, the coffee-locker, should not you have seized it yourself? - A. Yes.
Court. (To Clarke.) Q.Duff was not the other that coffee was found on? - A. No.
Q. Was he there while the prisoner was searched? - A. Yes, we called him up.

Q.Whether the prisoner, at the time, said any thing of this being a seizure, or did Duff say any thing of its being a seizure? - A. Not a word.


                  ROBERT 
                  POCK
               



             sworn. - I am a Custom-house locker; I was employed at the time this coffee was found.
Q. Did you ever hear that the coffee was secreted? - A. I did not see it secreted, I saw the prisoner in the warehouse, in the presence of Mr. Clarke, he was examined, he said, he did not wish to run away.
Q. Is it the duty of a locker to seize coffee, if found in an improper place? - A. Yes; I would seize coffee myself, if I found it.
Q. How long have you known the prisoner? - A. He was been there a year and a quarter; I believe he did his duty pretty well.


                  STEPHEN 
                  WILKINS
               



             sworn. - I am a locker at the Custom-house; I have known the prisoner ever since he came to the warehouse, fifteen or sixteen months; I was at the examination.
Q. Did you hear the prisoner say any thing? - A. No; I was there the whole time.
Q. If he had said any thing, you must have heard it? - A. Yes.
Q. It is the duty of a locker to seize coffee? - A.Certainly, if it was in an unentered place.
Q. If Batchelor seized any, he would be entitled to a part? - A. Yes, I believe, to a third.
The prisoner called six witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
