





451. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     BAPTISTE
                  , alias 
BEJAZET





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of July
, a fustian jacket, value 2 s. a glass decanter, value 2 s. a japan lanthorn, value 1 s. three China cups and saucers, value 2 s. a pair of steel snuffers, value 2 s. two knives and two forks, value 2 s. a hammer, value 6 d. a glass tumbler, value 6 d. two clothes brushes, value 1 s. two wine glasses, value 6 d. nine earthen ware plates, value 1 s. a muslin handkerchief, value 1 s. and two iron keys, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Jervis
                  




               
            , esq
.


                  SARAH 
                  BEST
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. You are a servant to Mr. Jervis. - A. Yes, he resides in Russel square


; the prisoner at the bar was a servant
 to Mr. Jervis, he had lived there nine weeks.
Q. When did he leave your master's service. - A. On the 12th of July, after he was gone, I missed the property immediately, with the keys of the area door, and the key of the butler's pantry; on the 19th of this month I saw them again, they were produced by Mr. Pocock and his wife; when I saw them I knew them to be my master's property.
- ATKINS sworn. I am an officer belonging to Bow street.
Q. Did you go with Mr. Jervis with a warrant to a person of the name of Pocock. - A. Yes, on the 19th of July to his house Eagle street, Red Lion square; in Pocock's front parlour there was a trunk which belonged to the prisoner, it was locked, I broke it open; in that trunk I found a hammer and a pair of snuffers; in a bureau that was open, I found two clothes brushes, a cup and saucer, one pint decanter, one tumbler, two wine glasses, four earthen plates, two knives and two forks, and one japan lamp; in a box in the one pair of stairs back room, which I broke open, I found a red and white muslin handkerchief, five plates, two teacups and two saucers, and a drinking glass, that is all I found; I produce them. The prisoner was apprehended a week before that.

- POCOCK sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. Do you remember Atkins coming to your house. - A. I do.
Q. Did you see the boxes and the trunks that he took away. - A. Yes, they were the prisoners; they were brought to my house on the 30th of July, about seven o'clock in the morning, by a man of the name of Matthews. Mrs. Pocock put the crockery ware in the bureau for fear they should be broke.
MRS. POCOCK sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Were you at home at the search. - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know any thing of the crockery ware described by your husband, that you placed in the bureau. - A. Yes, in the course of that evening he was taken to prison, (I cannot say the precise day) they were put in there, because they were in our way.
Q. Do you know that these things, that you put in the bureau, belonged to the prisoner. - A. I thought so, the person that brought in the boxes, brought the plates and glasses in a basket; the keys I gave to Mr. Jervis myself; I had tied them both together, and I hung them on a nail in the yard.
- MATTHEWS sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a fruiterer and green-grocer, New Willmot-street, Foundling Hospital. I have known the prisoner some time, I was employed by him on the 13th of July last. He came to me, and said, he was going to leave Jervis's service, and asked me if I would move his boxes into Theobald's-road, which I did; I removed them from there and the prisoner helped me (I cannot say as to the day of the month), there were two deal boxes and two trunks. When I removed them from Theobald's-road to Mr. Pocock's, there were some plates and glasses in a basket.
Q. What time was it. - A. About seven o'clock in the morning.
Q. Whatever he employed you to move to Theobald's-road, you moved them, and you also removed them to Mr. Pocock's. - A. Yes, I received them of the prisoner, he said they belonged to him. I delivered them at Mr. Pocock's.


                  JAMES 
                  PORTER
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are journeyman to Mr. Pocock. - A. Yes, I received them things from Matthews; I put them in the parlour, the prisoner came with Matthews between seven and eight in the morning.
Q. Did you see the articles that were in the basket. - A. I saw some of them, I can identify the lamp, the brushes, and the knives and forks.
(The property identified by 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Best
               



             and Mrs. Griffith.)
Prisoner's Defence. - I took them, to make use of them, I meant to return them.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
