





500. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     CARTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of June
, a pig, value 20s. four hen fowls, value 8s. and two chickens, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Richardby
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  GLOVER
               



             sworn. - I am one of the patrols of Hackney: I met the prisoner on the 7th of June, about a quarter past twelve in the night, in Grove-street, Hackney, with two bundles; I asked him what he had got there; he said nothing; upon clapping my hand upon one of the bundles which he had upon this stick, (producing it,) I observed there was poultry in it; I then told him he must go along with me; he endeavoured to draw the stick out, and to make resistance; my partner then coming up, we secured him, and conducted him to the watch-house; one bundle had four fowls in it, and this implement, which fits the door where the locks were wrenched off; and in the other bundle was a pig and this marline-spike; (producing it;) I went to the place where we had had the scuffle, and it being a wet night, I could observe the impression of his shoes and of our's; his particularly; I tracked his footsteps to the back part of Mr. Richardsby's house.
- SCRIVENS sworn. - I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Richardby
               



            : On Monday, the 7th of June, about six o'clock in the morning I got up, and missed the fowls and the pig; I saw the door of the hen-house broke open, and the door of the pigstye; the bolts and the lock were both broke; I saw the pig safe between four and five on Sunday afternoon, and the fowls at eight; I have just seen the pig at the door, it is the same pig that my master lost. (One of the fowls produced.) This is my master's fowl; the rest would not keep.
JONH RICHARDBY sworn. - The fowls I fed myself every day, I am certain that this is one of them; they were a present from a friend; the pig I cannot speak to, my coachman fed that.

Prisoner's defence. I went out last Sunday to take a walk into Essex; I left Essex at eleven o'clock at night, and came over to Hackney-Wick; I came across a common corn-field; I thought I heard a pig, I looked about and found these bundles upon a stick; I called out, holloa, but nobody answered, and I took it up; I never knew what were the contents till they shewed me when they took me to the watch-house.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 40.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
