





95. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BARRET
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 31st of December
, two sheets, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Fowler
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  FOWLER
               



             sworn. Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar - A. Yes. She was my servant
. On the 31st of December my wife went up to look over the rooms. She missed some sheets. The prisoner was called up stairs, and she said they were gone to the washerwoman's; I said to her, you have no right to send the sheets to the washerwoman's without your mistress's leave. I asked her where the washerwoman lived, she would not tell me; she said that was nothing to me so long as I got my things back again. I then fetched an officer to search her, taking the key of her room with me, in the mean time she went up stairs and broke her room door open, and when we searched her, we found a vast number of duplicates, and two duplicates were found upon her of sheets belonging to me. I live at the Bunch of Grapes, Albemarle-street, Clerkenwell


.


                  JANE 
                  FOWLER
               



             sworn. I am the wife of the last witness, my husband is a publican
. On the 31st of December I went up in the garret, and missed the sheets from her bed; I told the prisoner I insisted upon knowing where they were gone, she said they were at the washerwoman's. I told her I was sure it was no such thing. Mr. Fowler went to get an officer: she broke the door open.
Q. How do you know that she broke the door open? - A. There was nobody in the house besides her, I had locked the door. The officer came and searched her, and found a great many duplicates upon her.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TROTT
               



             sworn. I am an officer of Hatton Garden. On the 31st of December the prisoner was brought to the office by a parish constable; she had been searched, and a great many duplicates were found upon her, which were in the constable's possession. I selected two of them out, for two sheets, which I have had in my possession ever since.


                  THOMAS 
                  MILTON
               



             sworn. I am a pawnbroker, I live in St. John's-street, Clerkenwell. I produce a sheet pledged in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Barret
               



            , on the 19th of December, for 1 s. 6 d.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBERTS
               



             sworn. I live with Mr. Hill, pawnbroker, Turnmill-street. I produce a sheet pawned by the prisoner, I am positive of her person, I lent her a shilling on it. (The sheets identified by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's Defence. I have nothing further to say, than my breaking the door open, was upon account there were some things there that was not fit for any body to go in to see.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Chambre.
