






454. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TOLLSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     LEBECK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 14th of May
, seven bushel of oats, value 30 s, and a sack, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Severn
                  



               
             and 
               
                  Frederick Benjamin 
                  King
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WINNING
               



            . I am servant to Bejamin Severn and 
               
                  Frederick 
                  Benjamin King
               



            , they are wholesale grocers

, there is no other partner; I lived with them twelve years last October.
Q. Do you know the two prisoners - A. Yes.
Q. Were they in the employment of Messrs. Severn and King - A. No, they were two persons that came to Messrs. Severn's yard for dung.
Q. Where is Mr. Severn's yard - A. In Whitechapel


.
Q. Does he keep stables and horses - A. Yes.
Q. Then I suppose his stables were in his yard - A. Yes. I was informed on the 14th of May, before four o'clock in the afternoon; I was at my own house.
Q. Somebody informed you something which made you come back to your masters - A. Yes.
Q. Then you returned to your masters - A. Yes, I made my way to this yard as fast as I could.
Q. What was the prisoners about when you came into the yard - A. They had loaded the dung which they had come to fetch away.
Q. Do you know whether Mr. Severn and King kept their oats in that yard - A. They kept it in the lost over the stable.
Q. Had they any oats in sacks at that time - A. I cannot tell.
Q. Was the stable door open when they loaded the dung - A. I am not sure.
Q. You found the dung loaded on their cart; did you find any oats or any sacks of your masters in the cart - A. There were three sacks in the cart.
Q. Were they laying open in the cart - A. No, covered up with dung.
Q. Any oats in the sack - A. Yes, there were about seven or eight bushel of oats in three sacks; I cannot say exactly.
Q. What did they say in consequence of your finding the sacks in that situation - A. Our foreman came along with us, he accused them of taking the oats.
Q. Did he tell them where he suspected they had taken them. - A. No, he charged them with taking the oats; they said what they had got did not belong to the place; they did not take it from there.
Q. They said it did not belong to your master - A. Yes.
Q. Did they say who they did belong to - A. No, not then. Mr. Bishop sent for the officer then, Mr. Griffiths.
Q. Did the officer come directly - A. Yes.
Q. When Griffiths came did the foreman charge him with the thest then - A. Yes, they said it did not belong to our yard; they persisted in it that it did not belong to our yard. Mr. Griffiths secured them; he searched for the oats first, and found the oats upon them; at this time the oats had not been found.
Q. At this time you did not know where the oats and the sacks were - A. No, we only suspected they had got them; Mr. Griffiths took one of the sacks from the side of the cart, under a small quantity of dung that was over it; the others were near the bottom of the cart; the cart was tilted up to find them.
Q. Then they were discovered by shooting the dung - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know where this cart came from - A. Yes, from Eastham.
Q. What time in the day did they arrive in your yard - A. I cannot tell; it was about four o'clock in the day when I was sent for.
Cross-examined by Mr. Arabin. You know that Tollson is a servant that drives up hay to town, and the other prisoner a labourer - A. I have heard so.
Q. Did not they repeatedly say that the oats did not belong to you; I do not know whether you are countryman enough to know that turnpikes allow them to take any weight of manure; if there is a board or a sack then they are weighed; and if they have only a board above their weight then they are compelled to pay the penalty. You missed no oats, and they constantly denied them being your oats - A. I know nothing of the oats.


                  HENRY 
                  WINNING
               



            . I came to the yard; I sold them the dung, and I went from the yard into Whitechapel; and I came back into the yard again at four o'clock; they bought the dung before they loaded it, at eleven o'clock in the day; I went from the yard at three o'clock, and returned at four; and they had loaded it.
Q. Had you the care of the corn and the sacks - A. I had, it was not kept in sacks; it was loose in a bin.
Q. Had you seen the corn bin shortly before you left the yard that day - A. I had.
Q. What quantity was there in the corn bin that day - A. There may be as near as I can guess five or six quarters loose in the bin.
Q. Could you when you returned perceive that any quantity had been taken from that bin - A. I could, there was an apparent deficiency in the bulk.
Q. As near as you could guess what quantity might be missing - A. I saw there was some quantity gone, and it appeared to be lessened about six or seven bushel.
Q. Had you any sacks in the bin - A. Yes, some was lying on the bin.
Q. When you found there was a deficiency in the bulk of the corn, did you see there was a deficiency in the sacks - A. Yes, there was; there should have been twenty sacks before these men came.
Q. How many sacks were there when you perceivedthis bulk of corn was diminished - A. There were nine teen sacks left that was missing; the sack that was missing is marked with a stripe; it is my masters sack there is two blue stripes on it.
Q. Where was that sack found that you are now producing - A. In the loft.
MR. GRIFFITHS. He only produces that sack to shew that it corresponds with the sack that was taken away.


                  HENRY 
                  WINNING
               



            . I went and informed my master that there was a sack short; our foreman, Mr. Bishop, stopped them and sent for an officer; we charged them with having stolen the sack and the oats I said as soon as the sack was taken out it was my master's sack.
Q. They were charged with it and denied it - A. Yes; they said what corn they had it belonged to them.
Cross-examined by Mr. Arabin. Did you mark your master's sacks - A. No.
Q. These stripes are not your master's marks, they are the maker's marks - A. Yes.
COURT. He only proves that this is a sack the same as his master's was.
Mr. Arabin. I will ask you whether you do not know that these men who come to town with heavy loads, who are fond of their teams, they bring more corn than they are allowed, and that if the turnpike man see anything in the cart he will make them pay toll.
COURT. Though farmers' men may take some more corn than is allowed them by their masters, six or seven bushels is an enormous sum, they could not want six or seven bushels, the horses stomachs could not hold it.
Mr. Arabin. Did you see any corn scattered about on the outside - A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GARRED
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Breeze the cooper; I saw the oldest man of the two, Lebeck, I saw him coming out of the stable; the youngest man was loading of the dung in the cart; Lebeck made a motion when he came out, and the young man answered him; he came out with his oats, as much as he could carry, he lifted it up on the cart wheel; the man on the cart pulled it up, it was tied with a straw band, the band broke, and while he was making a hole to put it in, and with the putting it in, he fell down on the oats on his belly; I only saw one sack, that was the first sack that was pulled out of the sack when the officer was sent for; I was in sight of them; there is a paling that parts one yard from the other, there is a hole in the paling, and my young master looked through the crevise; I went to the the foreman, I did not see him; I came back again, I told 
               
                  Harry 
                  Winning
               



             what I had seen.
Cross-examined by Mr. Arabin. Did you see the cart come into the yard - A Yes.
Q. You did not keep your attention upon them the whole time - A. I did not; I can safely say that they did not bring any thing in a sack in the yard; there was nothing but empty sacks in the cart to my knowledge; they had two bags in the cart; I saw them before my young master called me.
Q. The stable door was open - A. I do not know whether it was or no; the cart must come into our premises first, before it went into Mr. Severn's yard.
COURT. If there had been three sacks in the cart when it came in must you not have seen it - A. I must.
Q. You have heard talk of six or seven bushels of corn; if there had been six or seven bushels of corn contained in the three sacks it must have caught your eye, you must have seen it - A. I must.
Q. Supposing that there had been sacks in the cart containing so much corn. do you not think you must have seen it - A. I must have seen it.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



            . Q. Are you a cooper - A. Yes, I work for my brother.
Q. For the cart to come into Mr. Severn's yard, must it go through your yard - A. Yes.
Q. You saw the cart come in did you - A. Yes.
Q. At that time did you see any appearance of corn in sacks in the cart - A. I did not.
Q. Did you notice the cart sufficient to say whether there were sacks of corn or not - A. No, I did not.
Q. Did you see any thing done at the time these people were loading the dung - A. Yes; I saw one man bring out three sacks of corn from the stable.
Q. Where was you at this time - A. I was in our yard, looking through a hole; there is a paling between our yard and Mr. Severn's yard; I was behind that paling looking through a hole.
Q. I believe you said you saw him bring three sacks of corn from the stable, did he bring them at three different times - A. Yes.
Q.How came you to be looking towards the stable at that time - A. I saw them whispering together, that induced me to watch.
Q. What day did they go with these sacks of corn - A. They put them in the cart underneath the dung; I told my brother's man, and he went and gave the information.
Q. When the officer came, did you see the sacks taken out of the cart - A. I saw the sacks taken out of the cart after the officer came.
Cross-examined by Mr. Arabin. These men constantly denied having any corn but their own - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . Q. You were sent for upon this business - A. I was; I searched the cart after I went in the yard; the men were charged with stealing the corn by Mr. Bishop, the foreman; I asked the men whether they had any corn in the cart, they said they did not know whether there was any there or not; if there was any they brought it with them; I desired the cart might be searched; I got somebody to go upon the top of the cart; I asked the two men if they had any more, to save us unloading of it; they said they did not know that there was any more, if there was they brought it with them; I desired the cart load of dung to be shot out, and then they found the other two sacks, they tumbled out. (The sacks produced.)
Q. What quantity of corn was there - A. I had it measured; it wanted much about a peck of eight bushels.
Q. to Winning You have seen these sacks, look at them - does one or more of them bear a resemblance to your master's sacks - A. One of them appears to be the same as my master's; the other two I know nothing of.
Q. What is the value of the corn - Griffiths. They are valued at thirty shillings.
Q Are they worth twenty - Winning. Yes.
Lebeck's Defence. We took up the corn in Whitechapel; the man said he would satisfy us if we would carry it down the road for him so far as the Plough at Mile End.
Tollson's Defence. The man asked me in Whitechapel to take the corn down to the Plough; he told mehe would give me half a gallon of beer. Just after we had loaded the dung I asked this man to give it me up, to cover it under the dung, because of the weighbridge, because my master might be angry about it. While we were loading the dung I laid it behind some sugar hogsheads, because there were some pigs there.


                  JOHN 
                  MAYBRICK - Mr
               



            . Arabin. Where do you live - A. In Fetter lane.
Q. What are you - A. I am a stationer.
Q. Were you on the 14th of May last in Whitechapel market - A. I was.
Q. You said you lived in Fetter lane, what is the number of your house - A. I live at 122, Fetter lane. I do not rent the house.
Q. How long have you lodged there - A. Twelve months.
Q. You said in the course of the day you was in Whitechapel market - A. I was.
Q.Do you recollect any cart there with the name of Savage upon it - A. I do recollect it. I observed the name of Savage, but not where the place was; I saw two men.
Q. Do you mean to say you saw the two men at the bar or one of them - A.I saw one; that was Lebeck.
Q. At what time of the day was it - A. It was about two or three o'clock.
Q. Did you see any thing put in that cart - A. Yes; I saw one or two sacks.
Q. Were these sacks empty or full - A. They appeared to be full or partly full; but I did not observe particularly; they were brought by a man that appeared like a cornchandler or a farmer.
Q. You saw him put the sacks into this cart - A. I did.
Q. I do not know whether you observed him for any time - A. I did not; I was in a chaise cart waiting for a friend of mine.
COURT to Griffiths. Was you present when the prisoners were examined - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know the magistrate's hand writing - A. Yes.
Q.Look at that and see whether it is Mr. Davis's writing - A. Yes.
Q. Now Mr. Maybrick, where is your shop - A. I do not keep a shop.
Q. Where are your premises - A. At that house, No. 122.
Q. What sort of stationary do you sell; are you a law stationer or what - A. Common stationary; I am a pocket book maker by trade.
Q. How long have you been in that trade - A. It is impossible for me to say; I served my time to it.
Q. I think it very possible for you to tell how long you have been in that trade - A. I told you to to extent how far back.
Q. How many years have you been in that trade - A. About nine years.
Q. That is something like an answer; why did not you give me that answer at first; about nine years you have been in that trade; have you lived in Fetter lane all that time - A. No, I have not; I lived in St. Ann's passage.
Q. You was waiting there for a friend - A. I was.
Q. Who did you live with in St. Ann's passage - A. I kept a house there.
Q. Where is St. Ann's passage - A. Noble street, Foster lane, Cheapside.
Q. You are a pocket book maker by trade - A. I am.
Q. How came you to say you was a stationer - A. Because those that are in the trade describe themselves as stationers, and because stationary is the highest profession in the trade.
Q. Do you deal in stationary - A. No.
Q. Do you deal much in pocket books. - A. Yes.
Q. Who do you deal with in stationery - A. Mr. Holdsworth, in Cannon street.
Q. How do you know it was on the 14th of May - A. It was on a Saturday; whether it was the 13th or the 14th, I will not be certain.
Q. Are you quite sure it was on a Saturday - A Yes.
Q. What time of the day on Saturday - A. Between two and three o'clock, as near as I can say.
Q. I do not expect you to say within a quarter of an hour. What business was you upon, and what part were you in - A. I was with a friend; he went to buy some hay at Whitechapel market in a chaise cart.
Q. What is your friend's name - A. Jones.
Q. Where does he live - A. He lives in Houndsditch.
Q. What number - A. Twenty seven. He is a stationer.
Q. He is a stationer too, is he here - A. Not as I know of; I have not seen him here.
Q. You were conversing together at that time - A. Yes; I was not conversing with him when I first saw these men; he was in the market purchasing the hay
Q. You were waiting his return in the market - A. Yes.
Q. What time did you call upon him - A. He came to me.
Q. He came to you in Fetter lane to go to Whitechapel - A. He did not come particular to me; he was going to Bond street.
Q. What time of the day was it when he called upon you - A. It was between eleven and twelve o'clock when he called upon me.
Q. He called upon you, he was a stationer; he went into Bond street; that is further off from Whitechapel - A. I know it.
Q. Do not be angry with me. Who did he go to - A. He went with me to Mr. Faulder's to take some work.
Q. What work did he get there - A. He did not get any, he took some.
Q. What work; that he had to bind - A. Yes.
Q. It was twelve o'clock when he called upon you to go with him to Bond street - A. Yes; and he called in Broad street, Bloomsbury.
Q. That is St. Giles's. You walked all round that way - A. No; we did not walk, we rode.
Q. He keeps a horse and cart - A. Yes; he serves largely in the country; he keeps a chaise cart.
Q. He left his goods at Mr. Faulder's, part of them, and part of them in Broad street; who did he call upon in Broad street - A. Mr. Wright; he left some paper there.
Q. And books at Mr. Faulder's - A. Yes; then we went to Whitechapel.
Q. Is it your custom to ride out with this gentleman - A. No, unless he meets me, or we go in the country.
Q. How near was your chaise cart in Whitechapelto this cart - A. It might be two or three yards, or not so much.
Q. Then you must be close to the cart - A. No. I was not close to the cart; I was at the head of the cart; the men were not at the head.
Q. Why if your cart was two or three yards off, your cart must be near to them; now this was not Goswell street - A. No.
Q. You are quite sure that you do not mistake Goswell street for Whitechapel market - A. No.
Q. Have you ever seen this man before - A. I have seen him at Mr. Jilts's; I know him by sight, and that is the way how I came to be brought here, I was subpoenaed.
Q. Did you know his name - A. Yes, when it was mentioned to me.
Q. You had heard his name before - A. Yes.
Q. You first of all said you observed the men - A. I did not observe the other man; I knew Lebeck, I did not observe much of him; it was not my business to observe them.
Q. Which cart staid longest in the market, your's or their's - A. Their's staid longest.
Q. You are quite sure it was their cart - A. Yes.
Q. Which way did their cart go - A. I cannot say, I did not see the cart go.
Q. Do you know such a place as Windsor terrace, City road - A. Yes, because I have a house there.
Q. Did you ever live there - A. No, I intend living there, the house is not finished; I cannot live there.
Q. How long have you had that house - A. About two months, or not quite so much.
Q. Now, if there should be any difference between you and them were they took in these sacks of corn, I suppose they are the most likely to remember than what you are - A. I should suppose so.
Q. What kind of a man was he that delivered them this corn - A. He was dressed like the prisoners, something in the country way.
Q. What had he - A. Some sacks of corn.
Q. How did he carry them - A. He carried them on his shoulders.
Q. Where did he come from - A. I do not know.
Q. What were in these sacks - A. They appeared to be sacks of corn, they seemed to be full of something.
Q. How many were they - A. I observed two, but no more.
Q. Now I will tell you what account the prisoners gave when they were before the magistrate - the prisoner 
               
                  James 
                  Tollson
               



             says, I and my fellow servant brought the corn into the cart at Goswell street; were you in Goswell street - A. I was not in Goswell street; if I had seen it put into the cart in Goswell street, I could not say that it was in Whitechapel.
Q. Was you present, Griffiths, when the examination was taken - Griffiths. I was.
Q. This is the magistrate's signature - A. Yes, it is.
Q. to Maybrick. When was it you saw him - A. About the 14th of May.
Q. How came you to know this that your attendance would be necessary here - A. It was told me; I had a subpoena sent me.
Q. Did you hold any conversation with Lebeck about this - A. No.
Q. You never told this story to Mr. Jilts - A. No.
Q. Had you any conversation with him about it - A. No, I never had to any body; Lebeck might have told this to him, and that might be the occasion of my being supoenaed.
Q. You told me that you saw the man put them in at Whitechapel - A. Yes, Whitechapel.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SWAN
               



            . I am an auctioneer, sworn in the City of London; I live in Hosier lane, Smithfield.
Q. Do you know that man who has been just examined, Maybrick - A. Yes.
Q. How long have you known him - A. A very short time, indeed, sir.
Q. Did you see him on Saturday the 14th of May - A. Yes.
Q. In what part of the town - A. In the Old Bailey, both morning and afternoon.
Q. What part of the Old Bailey - A. The Rose over the way.
Q. Did you see him there at twelve o'clock - A. Yes.
Q. How long was he afterwards at the Rose in the Old Bailey - A. Till four o'clock; he took and arrested a man of the name of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Williams
               



            , and the man never owed him a single halfpenny.
Q. Was he in arrest at the Rose - A Yes.
Q. Are you sure that he was staying with this man under an arrest from twelve o'clock till four o'clock - A. Yes.
Q. Who was the officer that had Mr. Williams in arrest - A. Nightingal.
Q. Are you sure that Nightingal had him under arrest from twelve o'clock till four - A. Yes; Mr. Hickes was the attorney.
Q to Maybrick. Upon your oath, was not you at the Rose on that day, in the Old Bailey, from twelve o'clock till four - A. I was not.
Q. Had you arrested a man of the name of Williams on that day - A. No, I had not; it was the day before, or the Thursday.
Q. Will you swear that it was not on a Saturday - A. It was not.
Q. Was Nightingal the officer - A. He was.
Q. Where does he live - A. In Fleet lane. I was at the Fortune of War when Mr. Williams was arrested.
Mr. Swan. I dare say the landlord of the house will recollect it; I beg the court pardon if I have done wrong.
COURT. No, you have done right, it may further the ends of justice.
Mr. Swan. Mr. Williams is a very respectable man in the Borough, he was the man that was arrested; the fact was I bailed Williams on that day.
Tollson called one witness, who gave him a good character.
Lebeck called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
TOLLSON - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24.
LEBECK - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
