





736. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PELANDER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 6th of August
 three silver tea-spoons, value 7s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Dennis 
                     Dullea
                  




               
            .


                  DENNIS 
                  DULLEA
               



             sworn. - I am a dealer in loves
, and live at No. 20, Fox-lane, Shadwell


; the prisoner lodged in the same house; on Friday the 6th of August he slept out; I breakfasted with Mrs. Kely, in whose house I lodged, and was going out; the prisoner was coming in; two other lodgers in the same house went out at the same time; I left Mrs. Kelly and the prisoner at the bar in the house, and no other person; I was not absent more than twenty minutes; when I came back the prisoner was gone out, and three silver tea-spoons belonging to me were gone from the breakfast-table; I went and got an officer of the name of Rogers, and found the prisoner in company with a girl; he was taken before the Magistrate, and committed.


                  MARY 
                  KELLY
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 20, Fox-lane; the prisoner was a boarder and lodger, and Mr. Dulia had lodgings in my house; the prisoner had been out all night; I told him I was afraid he was going on very indifferently, but desired him to sit down, and have his breakfast; I asked him to mind thehouse while I went to the while I was there, I saw the prisoner come out of the house, and run away; I went home, and immediately missed three tea-spoons from the table.

Q.Had any body been in the house? - A. Not a creature; I had my eye upon the door.


                  EDWARD 
                  ROGERS
               



             sworn. - I am an officer; I apprehended the prisoner with a girl; I took this box from the girl, which contained a duplicate of three spoons; I asked her who she got the spoons from, she told me she had them from the prisoner, and he acknowledged he had given them to her.(A pawnbroker's servant produced the spoons that he had received from 
               
                  Mary 
                  Wilson
               



            .)


                  MARY 
                  WILSON
               



             sworn. - Q.Where did you get these spoons? - A. That young man gave them to me. (The spoons were identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I have nothing to say, but that I was stupid and drunk.
Prosecutor. He was as sober as I am at this moment. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
