






511. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SWANN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SPURR
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               making an assault in the King's highway, upon 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Tothill
                        




                     
                   on the 6th of June
, putting him in fear and taking from his person, a silver watch, value 50s.
             the property of the said John.
JOHN TOTHILL sworn. - On the 6th of June, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, the prisoner, Swann, stopped me in St. John's-street


, and said, my dear, will you go with me? I said, good God, don't detain me, I am going home; then pulling me close towards her, by my coat, she put her hand to my watch pocket, and pulled out my watch; she put it into her bosom; I said, don't steal my watch, upon that she-sung out, Jack, and the other prisoner came running from the opposite side of the street; he asked what was the matter? Jack says she, this man says I have stole his watch; upon which he immediately caught me by my shirt, which put me in bodily sear, and said, d - n you, leave the girl alone; then he caught the girl by the hair of the head, and said, d - n you, you b - h, come home; be pulled her towards the gutter, I had hold of her at the same time; some young men were then coming past, and I begged their assistance; I told them this girl had stole my watch, upon which they sung out for the watch; the watchmen were coming down very quick, Spurr then caught me by the flap of my coat, and gave me a blow with his sift against the shoulder, which knocked me into the gutter; but as I had hold of the girl at the same time, I pulled her down with me; she then held her hand out to him, and he received something, but what it was I could not see; when I got up the man was gone off; the watchman came up, and I gave change of the girl; she was taken to the watch-house, and in about five minotes the man came; I knew him to be the same man that had knocked me down in the gutter, and the constable detained them both.

Q. Has your watch been found? - A. Yes; the watchman found it after I was gone.

Q. 
            Whereahouse in St. John's-street? - A. Next door to Mr. Clarke's, a coach harness-maker, nearer Smithfield than the other end.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. (Counsel for Spurr.)
Q. I understand you, the woman it was that took the watch, and the man was at a distance from you? - A. Yes.
Q. And therefore did not see what she took? - A. I do not know that he did.
Q. You saw nothing of him till she called Jack? - A. No.
JOHN DAVIS sworn. - On the 6th of June, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, I was going through the Broadway, St. John's-street; I saw the prosecutor and the young woman together, she had hold of his coat; I had not gone above six or seven yards from them, when he called out, gentlemen, she has robbed me of my watch.
Q. Was any body with you? - A. Yes, my wife; I stopped then, and she tried to get away from him, but sinding she could not get away, she called out, Jack, Jack, upon which the other prisoner came running from the other side of the street; when he came, she said, Jack, this man says, I have robbed him of his watch; the prisoner caught hold of the prosecutor's collar, and said, d - n you, Sir, leave the girl alone; upon that he loosed him, and laid hold of Mary Swann by the head, and said, d - n your blood, you b - h, come home; the prosecutor holding her fast round the waist, she could not go; Spurr then caught hold of the prosecutor by his coat, and gave him a blow on his breast, upon which the prosecutor fell in the kennel, and the woman upon him; I cannot tell whether the prisoner Spurr fell with him, but he was upon his knees at the same time.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the man? - A. Yes; she then reached out her hand to him, and he received her hand in his, but what she gave him I cannot say; then he got up and went across the way, and the watchman coming up, the prosecutor charged the watch with her, she was taken to the watch-house, and I followed them; some little time after, the prisoner, Spurr, came into the watch-house.


                  THOMAS 
                  KEEP
               



             sworn. - On the 6th of June, I saw the prosecutor lying in the kennel, opposite my house; I came up and pulled him by the coat, and he said, he had been robbed of his watch; I asked him who had got it, be said, he did not know, she called, Jack, and then the other prisoner came over, and asked what business he had with the girl; the watchman then came up, and she was taken to the watch-house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COUNT
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman; on the 6th of June, I heard a cry of watch, in St. John's-street; I came up to the assistance of the patrol, and the prosecutor said he was robbed of his watch, and when he was secured, I went to my box; about an hour after, I was going round my beat, and I saw a bit of red ribbon hanging down between the stone and the gate; I went up to the gate, and picking up the bit of ribbon, I 
               drew
             the watch out.

Q. 
            Was this gate near the place where the prosecutor and the woman were? - A. It was about twenty yards off, on the right-hand side of the way, going from Smithfield, just by Mr. Sparkes's gate.
Q. Was it the same side of the way that the prosecutor and the woman were? - A. Yes; I took the watch directly down to the watch-house, and gave it to the constable of the night, Mr. Lammas.
- LAMMAS sworn. - I was constable of the night; I received the watch from the last witness,(produces it;) I was at the watch-house at Cowcross, the 6th of June.
Tothill. This is my watch, I know it by the number and maker's name, Charles Dixon, No. 8277.
Swann's defence. I know nothing at all about it.
Spurr's defence. I never saw this woman, or either of these gentlemen till I saw them at the watch-house.
Lammas. Spurr was very much in liquor, when he came to the watch-house.

Q. 
            (To Keep.) How near is your house to Sparkes's gate? - 
               A. 
            There is one house between; when I saw them, they were opposite Sparkes's gate-way.
Spurr called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Swann, GUILTY, aged 24.




               Of stealing, but not violently
            .
Spurr, GUILTY, aged 25.




               Of stealing, but not violently
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
