





389. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of May
, a pair of stockings, value 2 s. a neck-handkerchief, value 2 s. two muslin caps, value 2 s. two handkerchiefs, value 1 s. and a flannel petticoat, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Fountain
                  




               
            .
MARY-
               
                  ANN 
                  FOUNTAIN
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  George 
                  Fountain
               



            ; he is a nightman
; he lives in Well-court, Queen-street, Cheapside


; the prisoner lived with my sister, my sister's husband was in a little trouble; we fetched my sister home, and the prisoner asked me to be so kind as to let her sleep in the room where my children slept; I gave her leave; she came on the 6th of May.
Q. When did you miss these things? - A. On Wednesday morning, the 8th of May, she left my house, on that day, about half past nine, to the best of knowledge.
Q. After she was gone out of the house, you missed all these things in the indictment? - A. I did; I saw her again on the same day, at Bow-street, about half past one; my sister took her up; my under petticoat was on her sides.


                  MARY 
                  DAVIS
               



             sworn. - Q. Did the prisoner go with you to your sister's house, in Queen-street, Cheapside? - A. Yes, on Monday morning, the 6th of May; she left my sister's house on the Wednesday morning.
Q. In consequence of any suspicion that your sister entertained, did you go after her? - A. I did, I found her at Mr. Lane's, a pawnbroker, in Drury-lane.
Q. Did you find any of these things that are the subject of the present charge? - A. The officer found them upon her; I saw them at the Justice's, and knew them to be my sister's; she went with me to Bow-street, and I called the officer out.
Q. What was she doing at Lane's, while she was there? - A. Taking a handkerchief out for a shilling.
Q. Had she then these things in a bundle? - A. Yes, tied up in a pocket-handkerchief.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of Bow-street; I took this woman in charge on Wednesday, the 8th of May.
Q. What had she with her? - A. Two caps and a flannel petticoat; the flannel petticoat was on her person; I produce them.
Q. What did the prisoner say to the charge? - A. She did not deny having any of the property.
Prisoner's defence. The things that are not ironed,Mrs. Fountain brought to her sister to be ironed, as Mr. Davis was going to remove on Monday morning; I pledged them to get some breakfast; her husband was transported last sessions; on Wednesday my own flannel petticoat was very dirty, I put on her's till I washed my own, and Mrs. Davis asked me to get the handkerchief out of pawn; her husband gave her the ticket in Newgate, and when they were gone out I put on these stockings on my own feet, to go and get the handkerchief; being gone a good while Mrs. Davis came to the pawnbroker's after me; I told her I was very willing to go to Bow-street.
Q.(To Prosecutrix.) Are you very sure that the the things which form the subject of the present indictment were at your house on the day that she left your house - A. Every stitch was, upon my oath; she had left me to fold them; she has taken twenty-five pounds worth of things of mine; I am quite sure they are all mine, every one.
Q. Had you ever authorized this woman to pledge any of these things to accommodate your sisster? - A. My sister never wanted: I always allowed her so much a week.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr Common Serjeant.
