






204. 
               
                  JOHN WAINWRIGHT

               
             and 
               
                  JOHN MATHEWS

               
            , were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Warne
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of seven in the night of the 26th of January
, and burglariously stealing therein, seven pair of stockings, value 13 s. 6 d. five pair of gloves, value 3 s. 4 d. and four pair of braces, value 10 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Warne
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  WARNE
               



            . I live at 420 in the Strand


, I keep a hosier's shop
.
Q. Was your house broken open. - A. Yes, I was at home between five and six in the evening; the prisoners were brought into me by the witnesses; they said they had caught them in the fact of breaking my window and robbing me, and they produced the property.
Q. Between five and six o'clock you could discern the features of a man's face, did the prisoners say any thing upon that charge. - A. They denied it.
- NASH. I am an optician. On the 26th of January I was going along the Strand, I stopped at Southampton street with a relation of mine. The first I observed of the prisoners they were at Mr. Granger's window, a woollen draper's. I went and fetched my shopmates Owen and Tudor, with intent to take the prisoners. When I returned I saw Wainwright first at a cutler's shop window, and then he went to Mr. Warne's window; we saw it was cut, we walked by there, and we went of the other side of the way; we saw the other prisoner standing by the post at Adam street. My two shop-mates and me went by him, and we crossed the way. and then I took hold of Wainwright by the shoulder, and Mr. Owen took hold of him by the other side; he dropped a pair of stockings and a pair of braces; and Mr. Tudor caught them almost before they fell to the ground; we took him into Mr. Warne's shop; we went and took the other as he was standing at the post with the remainder of the stockings in his apron. We took him to Mr. Warne's with the stockings, and afterwards took him to the watchhouse. They behaved in a desperate manner; they said a knife would be my death within a fortnight.


                  JOHN 
                  TUDOR
               



            . Nash came to inform me he wanted assistance to secure the prisoners; we went with him, and we passed a cutler's shop. Wainwright was at that window when we passed, he says that is one of them; we crossed over the way, and we saw the other prisoner at the post the corner of Adam street; we crossed over the way again. Wainwright was at Mr. Warne's window, they collared him; he unbuttoned his coat and the stockings dropped down. I picked them up almost before they came to the ground; they left me with Wainwright while they went and fetched Matthews.
Matthew's Defence. I went to work on Monday morning, apparently my master had not much work for me to do, I went into St. James's park, and from there to Blackwall. I was returning along the Strand, when three men laid hold of me, they carried me into the shop of Mr. Warne, they charged me with robbing this shop, and one of these men said I had the gallows in my face, and I should sure to be hanged.
Wainwright said nothing in his defence.
Neither of the prisoners called any witnesses to character.
WAINWRIGHT, GUILTY, aged 15.
MATTHEWS, GUILTY, aged 17.
Of 


               stealing only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
