





481. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     HARRISON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of June
, a hair trunk, value 24 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wyer
                  




               
            .
SAMUEL STOCKS sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Wyer, trunk-maker
, No. 369, Oxford-street


: On the 22d of June, about six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner at the bar came into the shop, and inquired which was Newman-street; I told him it was lower down; he came in the second time to know if I knew a person of the name of Edridge about that neighbourhood; I told him, no, but if he inquired at the baker's shop three or four doors further, they were old inhabitants in the neighbourhood, they would inform him; he came in the third time, and inquired which was the baker's shop; I went out after him this third time, on seeing him turn the wrong way I had directed him; I saw him with a hair trunk under his arm, he had not gone above three yards from the place where it stood; on seeing me, he dropped it, and ran down Berwick-street, which is only two doors from our house.
Q. Did you take him? - A. No, not then; there were three or four with him; one of them came up to me with a stick half as thick as my wrist, and hustled me up against a hoard, and would not let me pursue any further; I immediately holloaed out stop thief; the second one came up, and there was a person pursued him, seeing how I was used, who had seen all the transaction.
Q. What did the other man do? - A He caught hold of me by the left side of the collar, and said, I have got him, here he is.
Q. He caught hold of you? - A. Yes, as the thief, and said, I have got him; there were two that hustled me up against the hoard of a building; this was the third man; there was another close to him, and he stood against me in case I resisted.
Q. There were four in all? - A. Yes; says I, if this is the case, let me see where the property is; then I turned back to the trunk, and the personwho crossed the way and pursued the prisoner brought him back; the prisoner is very remarkable, having his legs turned out, and being knock-knee'd; I am sure of his person.
- FINDLEY sworn. - On Saturday, the 22d of June, I was returning from Portland-street; I saw three fellows, one of them seemed very much intoxicated; they were all reeling to and fro in the street, particularly Harrison; he passed Howland-street, and came to a trunk-maker's; I saw him go into this shop; I had great suspicions of the fellow from his appearance, I took particular notice of him; he went into the shop, and came out in about a minute or two afterwards; he went on some paces to his companions, and after he had spoken to them he returned and went a second time into the shop; he went in a third time, and stepped on the threshold of the door, and when he stepped down he walked to a trunk that was out of doors; he put his right arm round it, and walked off with it; the man came out of the shop, and went after him; the fellow looked half round, he did not drop it then, but when he found the man was coming very near him, he dropped the trunk and ran down Berwick-street; he was laid hold of by somebody, and brought back.
Q. Are you certain he is the man that did it? - A. I am certain of it.
Prisoner's defence. I was coming down Oxford-street on the day that gentleman mentions, but I never went into Mr. Wyer's shop at all; I heard a hue and cry of stop thief, and I ran like the rest; in consequence of which I was laid hold of by some gentleman; I know no more of it than that gentleman does of being high priest in a Jew's synagogue.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
