





470. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  JOHNSON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of April
, a napkin, value 2s. a shirt, value 3s. a pair of shoes, value 6d. a pair of stockings, value 5s. two razors and case, value 6s. a prayer-book, value 1s. a pocket-book, value 3s. and a pen-knife, value 1d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Williams
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMS
               



             sworn. - I am a serjeant
 in the 66th: On Friday, the 29th of April, I was at the Mermaid at Chelsea


; the prisoner was a recruit
. I did not know of my knapsack having been taken, till I had been in bed sometime; I had put it in a box in the room that I lie in; the prisoner was taken with my knapsack upon him; I saw my knapsack the next morning before the Justice, and knew it to be mine; the shirt has my name upon it.
THOMAS GEARING sworn. - I keep the King's Arms, Five Field Row: On the 29th of April, about ten o'clock at night, a person came into my house, and told me, there was a stout man getting into my garden; I immediately took a candle, and found the prisoner there, attempting to get over into the next yard, where there was wet linen hanging; when he saw the candle, he drew back, and squatted down; I asked him what he did there; he said he was going to do his business; I detained him, and brought him in; he then said he had a knapsack, which was lying at the bottom of my garden; I went there, and found it; I gave it him, and he put it upon his shoulder; I sent for a watchman, and gave charge of him.
- FOWLER sworn. - I am a watchman: I was sent for to Mr. Gearing's house; I took theprisoner; the constable and I took the knapsack from him by force; he said it was his own, and resisted very much. (The constable produced the property, which was indentified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I bought the knapsack of a servant, who said he had been a soldier, and it contained things that would be useful to me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
