





161. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th day of January
, two hundred and forty yards of serge, value 5 l. and two hundred and forty yards of long ells, value 10 l.
             the property of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Green
               



            , 
               
                  
                     Luke William 
                     Walford
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Walford.




The case was stated by Mr. Walford.


                  JOHN 
                  TURNER
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Walford. I am a constable; on the morning of the 20th of August, about ten in the morning, I was in Broad-street; I saw the prisoner going down Austin Friars, I followed him.
Q. How was he going. - A. Sometimes running and sometimes walking; there was another young fellow walking by the side of him; he had the truss on his back, holding it with his two hands quite a stoop; I stopped him just going out of the passage from Austin Friars into Winchester-street.
Q. Did you ask him how he came by the goods. A. Yes; he did not give me any answer; he attempted to pitch the truss right upon me; I took hold of his collar and turned round and missed it; I took him to the Mansion-house.


                  STEPHEN 
                  LEADER
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Walford. Q. Did you go to the warehouse on the morning of the 20th. - A. Yes, between seven and eight o'clock, I went up stairs to work in the upper part of the warehouse; I did not lock the warehouse door, I only shoved it to.
Court. Where is the warehouse. - A. In Leadenhall Market


.
Mr. Walford. Had you before this received several bales of this sort. - A. Ten.
Q. Had you put them by themselves. - A. No, they were near the door, upon some others, that had been in before.
Q. Were any of these mising after this offence had been committed. - A. Yes, one, marked 
               I. B. 
            109, with the letter R. they stood near the door.


                  LUKE 
                  WILLIAM WALFORD
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Walford. Q. Did you in consequence of any information that you heard go to the Mansion house. - A. Yes.
Q. Did you there see the prisoner and these goods. - A. I did.
Q. Are there any marks by which you know them. - A. Here is the mark, 
               I. B. 
            109, and the letter R.
Q. What may be the value of them. - A. fifteen pound.
Q. You are sure they are your property. - A. I am sure of it.
Prisoner's Defence. I was out of employment; I went out about nine o'clock in the morning to look after employment; going along Threadneedle-street, I met this man, he asked me if I would carry this load for him he would give me half a crown. I was very glad to carry it for him; I followed him when I got into Winchester-street, that gentleman stopped me, accordingly I lost the man in a minute. I did not make the least resistance in the world.
Q. Who is the man that you carried it for. - A. I do not know the man, I never saw him before.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury before Mr. Recorder.
