





208. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MORLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of February
, a chest of tea, value 16l. 19s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Guernier
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John-Calvert 
                     Clarke
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jones
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PITMAN
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Messrs. Guernier, and Company, who keep the Army Labaratory, in Great Rider-street, St. James's


: On Friday the 7th of February, we lost a chest of tea from a cart, as we were going through the Strand


, about two o'clock; the carman and me stopped at a public-house for a pint of beer, he saw the prisoner taking a chest of tea from the copse of the cart; upon which, I turned round and saw him myself, likewise; I then immediately ran out and secured him, at the distance of about three yards from the cart, he had the chest of tea upon his shoulder; when I stopped him, he stood about half a minute, almost, not knowing what to do; then he threw down the chest, intending to throw it on my legs; I secured him, and a number of people assisted me to take him to Bow-street, and he was taken there immediately.


                  THOMAS 
                  TEES
               



             sworn. - I was the carman: I stopped at the Spotted-dog, in the Strand, and I saw him, through the window, get up in the cart, and pull the chest over the copse of the cart; Pitman and I both went after him, and collared him, he had the chest of tea upon his shoulder; then we took him to Bow-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



             sworn. - I was coming past the Spotted-dog, and saw the prisoner stopped by the two last witnesses; I assisted in taking him to Bow-street; as we were going along Wych-street, he offered me a one pound note to let him go; the one pound note was taken from him by the officer.


                  GEORGE 
                  DONALDSON
               



             sworn. - I am a constable of St. Martin's in the Fields: The prisoner was brought, on the 7th of February, to the office, and I was ordered to search him, (produces the chest of tea); it is directed to the Military Hospital, at Gosport.
Pitman. This is the same chest.(Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lucas
               



             proved the names of the Partners).
The prisoner did not say anything in his defence.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 30.)




               Transported for seven year
            s.
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
