





203. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     CHILDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of January
, a feather bed, value 5 l. two sheets, value 11 s. two blankets, value 7 s. a quilt, value 3 s. a bolster, value 2 s. two pillows, value 10 s. two pillow cases, value 2 s. two flat irons, value 1 s. and a tea kettle, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Read
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging room
            .
ANN READ. Q. You are the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Read
               



            . - A. Yes.
Q. Did you let any lodgings to the prisoner on the 21st of November. - A. Yes, it was a furnished one pair of stairs back room in Ironmonger-row


; she was to give me three shillings and eight pence a week; she took the room on the Saturday and came on the Wednesday following; she was with us nine weeks.
Q. At the end of nine weeks, when she was gone, what did you lose. - A. We missed her coming backwards and forwards for about a week; my husband made a hole in the wainscoat; we missed the bed, the sheets, blankets, quilt, two pillows, two pillow cases, two flat irons, and a tea kettle.
Q. All that was let with the lodging. - A. Yes, it was all gone.
Q. Had she paid you regularly. - A. No, she owes us eleven shillings, rent.
THOMAS READ. Q. Did you go in pursuit of the prisoner. - A. I did; I found out her husband; I went and met her at her husband's place; I charged her with the robbery; she at first denied it and afterwards owned it; she told the officer where they were pawned.
Q. Did you go with the officer to the place. - A. I did.


                  GEORGE 
                  WOOD
               



            . Q. You are a constable. - A. Yes.
Q. Did you go with the prisoner to any pawnbrokers. - A. I went with the prisoner to a woman of the name of Connelly, where she had left the duplicates for one shilling and sixpence; the prisoner paid the woman one shilling and sixpence. Mrs. Connelly gave me sixteen duplicates; I went to the pawnbrokers, the prisoner was not with me at the time.
MR. CROUCH. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a bolster, the prisoner pawned it on the 19th of December last, for one shilling.
MR. ROBERTS. I produce a flat iron; the prisoner pawned it.
MR. GILLET. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a pillow, quilt, and flat iron; I do not know who pawned them; the prisoner did not pawn them, to the best of my knowledge.
(The property produced and identified.)
Q. to prosecutrix. Did she represent herself to be a married woman. - A. Yes, she was parted from her husband; he allows her seven shillings a week; she sold all the feathers that were in the bed, to an iron shop in Golden-lane, for a groat a pound.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Heath.
