





435. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 15th of May
, thirty four yards of broad cloth, value 20 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John Henry 
                     Burchell
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Waslord
               



            .
The case was stated by Mr. Walford


                  WALTER 
                  FURMAN
               



            . Q. Are you the foreman of Messrs. Burchell, and co. - A. Yes, I am to 
               
                  John 
                  Henry Burchell
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Walford
               



            , they are dyers

 at Old Ford


.
Q. Had you on the 14th of May any pieces of broad cloth to dye - A. Yes; twenty four pieces I had hung out close by the dye house in the yard; the prisoner is a labourer, he assisted me in hanging them out.
Q. How long has the prisoner been in Mr. Burchell's employ - A. I do not know; I have only been there ten months myself, he was in the premises before I went there.


                  JOHN 
                  WHEATLEY
               



            . Q. Where is your place of residence - A. I live at Waltham Abbey now.
Q. Was you at Old Ford on the night of the 14th of May, at your father's house - A. Yes.
Q. Is your father's house near the premises of Mr. Burchell - A. Yes.
Q. Was you awoke in the middle of the night by the barking of a dog - A. I was, by my father's dog; I jumped out of bed, I looked out of the window, I saw a man going along my father's yard, towards the little house that stands at the bottom of the yard; I thought this man went behind the house, I lost sight of him for ten minutes; I was up stairs all the time; I saw a man with a white jacket on come up the same way; he went down, he had a bag at his back; I slipped on my clothes, ran down into my father's room; I told my father I thought there was somebody going to rob the little house in the yard; I asked him for the pistol, I got the pistol in my hand and ran down stairs; on opening the fore door I saw a man going along the road towards Mr. Burchell's enter field, with a bag at his back; I ran across the road with the pistol in my hand; he throwed the bag behind the gate, and stood up along side of it; I said my friend what have you got here; he answered there is nothing broke; I not knowing the meaning of that, said I want to know what you have got in the bag; he answered it did not belong to him, I know nothing at all about it; I said my friend if it does not belong to you I will take it, and you come along with me; he instantly followed me to my father's house; I did not take hold of him.
Q. Did he see your pistol - A. Yes, he did; after I got the bag into my father's house, I went down to Mr. Green, he manages Mr. Burchell's business.
Q. What did you do with the man - A. I left him at my father's house; Mr. Green came and took the man to Bow, and Mr. Paxton put him in the watch-house.
Prisoner. You say you left me in your father's house; you did not. I live at the next door to your father's house; I went home to bed.
COURT. Did you know the prisoner before - A. Yes, I am sure it is the prisoner.


                  EDWARD 
                  PAXTON
               



            . - Mr. Walford. Are you a constable of the parish of Bow - A. Yes.
Q. Did you apprehend the prisoner and when - A. Early on the 15th of May, between one and two o'clock, I was in bed, I heard a violent knocking at the door; I got up, the prisoner was brought to my door. After I took the prisoner to the watchhouse, I went and got a bag of broad cloth from the last witness; I have had it ever since; it was wet in the bag.
Q.(to Wheatley.) Was the bag of broad cloth that you gave to the constable; the same that you took from the prisoner - A. It was.
Q.(to Paxton.) Have you measured it - A. Yes, there is seventeen yards and a half.
Q.Did you walk about the premises in the way the prisoner was described to come - A. I did; I found two more pieces of broad cloth rolled up laying over the wall in the field, where Wheatley had seen the prisoner near this little house.
Q. Did you compare these pieces with the piece you have in your hand - A. Yes, they appear to sit altogether; in length they made thirty four yards.
The property produced and identified.
Q.(to Furman.) Where you had hung this piece of cloth were there twenty four there - A. No, only twenty three; there were twenty four the day before.
Prisoner's Defence. Wheatley says very false, he says he saw me coming out of the ground and pitching it behind the gate; he never did; I was coming home, I went behind the gate to make water; I was not five minutes behind the gate, when this young fellow and two more came in with him and asked me what this bag was: I dont know says I, I have no call to it; he says I will have call to it; he took me to his father'shouse. I went up into my own room and went to sleep; he went down to Mr. Furman and Mr. Green; they called me up; they took me out of bed up to the constable.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
