





83. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     NICHOLS
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he on the 31st of October
, was servant to 
                     
                        
                           Daniel Careless 
                           Webb
                        




                     
                  , and being such servant did receive, and take into his possession, one bushel of beans, value 5 s. for, and on account of his said master; and that he having taken the same into his possession on account of his said master, fraudulently did embezzle, secrete, and steal the same
            .
Second Count. For like offence, only varying the manner of charging.


                  DANIEL 
                  CARELESS WEBB
               



             sworn. The prisoner at the bar was employed by me as a carter
, and he was entrusted with my team to fetch corn from Mr. Knight's, a cornchandler, with whom I dealt in Oxford-street


. I am a farmer
, I live at Kilburn.
Q. Was he so employed by you in October last? - A. He was. The consumption of corn in the early part of October, gave me suspicion to think that something was wrong; on the 22d of October I sent for a sack of oats, a bushel of beans, and a sack of chaff, which is the usual quantity that I have had about once a week or ten days, since September; I sent a particular written order each time; on that day I sent my team by the prisoner, he brought back a sack of chaff, a sack of oats, and no beans; I asked him the reason why he did not bring a bushel of beans, as mentioned in the order; he told me that Mr. Knight had no beans, nor had not had any beans for some time past; being surprised at that I went into my parlour and made a minute in my day book, therefore I can positively swear to not receiving any beans on the 22d of October. On the 31st of October, finding no beans come, I immediately wrote to Mr. Knight for my bill, the prisoner only having brought a sack of oats and a sack of chaff, I had given him a written order for a sack of oats, a bushel of beans, and a sack of chaff; I asked the prisoner the same question, he said Mr. Knight had no beans. On the 18th of November, I took the prisoner to Mr. Knight's; Mr. Knight's man stated to him that the beans had been delivered, the prisoner said he neverhad any beans; when I went into the parlour, he ran away out of the shop. I heard that he was at work at Pinner, I went on Saturday morning and apprehended him, and brought him to town, and lodged him in Marybone watch-house.
- sworn. I am servant to Mr. Knight.
Q. Do you remember on the 31st of October, the prisoner coming with any order to you? - A. I never kept any account of the day. I recollect his coming on the latter end of October, he came three or four times in October. I delivered each time to him a sack of oats, a sack of chaff, and a bushel of beans; I am quite sure of that.
Prisoner's Defence. What they accuse me of is quite wrong. I am innocent of that job. I do not know any thing about it.
The prisoner called one witness who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
