






752. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     POOLE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HARRISON
                  




               
             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of October

, eight beech quarters, value 8s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Ingram
                  



               
            ; and the other for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  INGRAM
               



             sworn. - I am a bedstead-maker
, I live in Old Bethlem



; I had been in the country nearly a fortnight; I came home on the fast-day at night; I was informed I had been robbed by three of my men; I found part of my property at Sapwell's, the constable; the marks corresponded with what I had in my shed; they are beech quarters, and were marked on the end J. P. and an H. the marks are put on by the persons who cut them in the country.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q.Have you any partner? - A. No.
Q.Yewell was a servant of your's? - A. Yes; he was taken up, and the Lord-Mayor discharged him; he is gone to sea, I believe.
Q. Upon your oath, do you not know that the Lord-Mayor sent him on board the tender? - A. I know he ordered him on board the tender.


                  MARTHA 
                  INGRAM
               



             sworn. - I can only prove the property; they were brought into the yard the day before, and were marked with the letter H by Yewell; it is the only letter he can make.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BARKER
               



             sworn. - I am an apprentice to Mr. Ingram: On the 18th of October, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, in consequence of information, I followed the prisoner, Poole, to No. 9, Baker's-court, Half Moon-alley, Bishopsgate-street; he had some beech quarters; he took them into the prisoner Harrison's house, and put them down in the back yard; I directly came away, and informed Mr. Sapwell, the constable, of it; we then went, and found eight pieces; I looked at them, and found the mark H on them, a chalk mark; it corresponded with other wood we had in the shed at the same time; Harrison said before the Lord-Mayor, he was at home when the first load came; there were two loads went that evening; I saw the last go; there were eight pieces found; I did not see Harrison there; I saw Poole go from my master's shed with them on his shoulder.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAPWELL
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I went with the last witness to the house of Harrison, and found the wood; I apprehended Poole at his master's house, and the next morning I apprehended Harrison going to his shop in Windmill-street.


                  JOHN 
                  WHITE
               



             sworn. - I saw the prisoner take four beech quarters from his master's shop, and gave information to Barker.


                  ISAAC 
                  HEADLIN
               



             sworn. - I am a publican: On the 18th of this month, I saw the prisoner, Poole, going with four pieces of beech from Mr. Ingram's, between five and six in the evening; I followed him as far as Baker's-court; I returned, and informed the apprentice of it, and in about half an hour, I saw Poole go with a second load; I did not follow him.(The wood was identified by Mrs. Ingram.)
Poole's defence. Yewell told me to take them to Harrison's; he said they were paid for.
Harrison's defence. I am innocent of it; I did not know but Yewell had bought them for me.
The prisoner Harrison called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Poole, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 50.





               Confined three months in Newgate
            , and 



               fined 6d
            .
Harrison, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
