






135. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RUSSEL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 5th of December
, a bed tick, value 30 s. and a bolster case, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Rawlins
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  RAWLINS
               



            . I am an upholsterer
, I live at Walthamstow


. On the 5th of December I placed a bed tick and a bolster case in my front shop; I then went out and shut the door after me; I was out about a quarter of an hour; when I returned the bed tick and bolster case was gone; I received information from Cowell.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  COWELL
               



            . I live at Walthamstow. I saw Smith, the prisoner, come out of Mr. Rawlins' shop between twelve and one in the day; he brought out a blue and white thing under his arm; the other prisoner was with him; they asked me for a needle full of thread, I gave it them; there was a soldier there, they all three went away together.


                  JAMES 
                  MARR
               



            . I am a seller of fish. On the 5th of December, between twelve and one, I was coming up Church fields, Walthamstow, I met Mr. Rawlins; he asked me whether I saw three men; I told him no; he told me they had robbed him; he gave me a description of them. When I came to Clapton, in the Back lane, I saw three men that answered the description; one of them had a bag under his arm, and a bit of bed sacking hanging out of the bag; I catched hold of him by the collar, I asked him what he had got there; he said nothing that belonged to me, and chucked the bag down to Smith; he said to him, that is not my bag, it is your's; he hit me on the breast and wrenched himself out of my hands; when I found he was gone up the Back lane I went to Smith and said if he is gone you shall not go. Russell went on, a gentleman on horseback went after him and stopped him; they got a constable and took them in custody, and I went to Walthamstow to let the prosecutor know.
The property produced and identified.
Smith's Defence. I never was in Walthamstow in my life; I was walking by the water side for a day's work, I was stopped by that man; I never had the bag in my possession.
Russel's Defence. I never was in Walthamstow in my life; at the time I was in Whitechapel having my dinner.
Prosecutor. He told me himself he begged the thread of the girl when he went out of my shop door.
RUSSEL, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.
SMITH, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 37.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
