





480. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     FORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th of September
, fifty yards of linen, value 8 l. twenty-four dozen of shirt buttons, value 5 s. two ounces of sewing silk, value 4 s. four yards of cambric, value 1 l. 10 s. and thirty-six yards of silk cord, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        Christopher 
                        Wilson
                     



                  , 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Wilson
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wilson
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Watson
                        



                     
                  , in their dwelling house
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  DANIEL 
                  CARTWRIGHT
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. On Tuesday the 9th of September was you with Nash and other officers in Silver street. Wood street. - A. Yes, I was, about six o'clock in Vincent's court, Silver street.
Q. Did you observe the prisoner come there. - A. He appeared to be going to a person's house of the name of Lloyd, the first house of the left hand side; he had a parcel with him tied up in brown paper; when he came in the court he saw me and my partners talking to Lloyd, Lloyd gave him a wink with his eye, which I took to be a signal; Leadbetter said to him where are you going, he said, to the top house in the court; Nash went with him to the top house in the court, I joined them immediately; the person that opened the door of the house said they knew nothing at all of him wanting to come in there with a parcel; he came back, then we stopped him, we asked him what he had got there in the parcel, he was very much flurried, he said for God's sake do not stop me, it is not my master's property, I told him I should take him in custody, which I did directly; I asked him where he got the parcel from, he said he could not tell me, somewhere in Bread street, and then he said in Watling street, he could not tell me any person at all, he said he was going to send it in the country; I said how could you tend it in the country, there is no inn nor no place to send goods in the country here. Nash and I took hold of him by each arm, he said Cartwright (knowing me by name), I am ruined, do not take me to the compter, he repeated it over and over.
Q. Did you know him. - A. I knew he lived at Mr. Watson's, I took him to the counter. On searching him I found this twist in his pocket, and his keys I took from him.
Q. What did you find in that brown paper parcel. A. A large piece of flannel; I went to Messrs. Wilsons and Watson, I told them what had happened, and then we proceeded with the keys, in company with Mr. Watson, to search three drawers and his box.
Q. Did the keys that you took from him open the drawers and the box. - A. Yes, we found three drawers locked and one open; in the middle drawer, which is adapted for him at the side of his bed in Mr. Watson's warehouse, the first thing we foundwas a quantity of bank notes loose, and some Irish linen, here is one piece and here is another; I found another piece of Irish linen in a box that was locked in the lower warehouse, four yards of cambric, a quantity of shirt buttons, twist and thread; we found in a box not locked, which the prisoner had over the other box that was locked, some trimmings, tape, two pounces of sewing silk, a great quantity of shirts, and a large quantity of wearing apparel.


                  THOMAS 
                  WATSON
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. Be so good, sir, as to give the names of the partners of your house. - A. 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Wilson
               



            , 
               
                  Henry 
                  Wilson
               



            , 
               
                  William 
                  Wilson
               



            , and myself 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Watson
               



            .
Q. I believe the prisoner has for some time past been in your employ as porter
. - A. He has, for more than four years.
Q. Were you at home when the officers came on Tuesday the 9th of this month. - A. I was, I superintended the search which they had in the drawers and boxes of the prisoner.
Q. You saw these things found which the officer produced. - A. I did.
Q. Have the goodness to look at the Irish linen, what is it worth a yard, the wholesale price. - A. Four and sixpence a yard.
Q. In the first place have you examined to find whether you have any linen of that description which you now have in your hand. - A. I have.
Q. Did you find any quantity of that description and that mark missing. - A. I have examined the sale book of linen which we bought of the maker, 
               
                  James 
                  Russel
               



            , and we found two pieces missing of that number and maker's name.
Q. Are all the pieces of one chest of the same number. - A. No.
Court. There are two numbers missing out of that book, and these numbers you find on these pieces. - A.(Mr. Gurney) There is only part of two pieces, and only one mark remaining.
Q. What is that number. - A. One hundred and three; it is cut in lengths of three yards and three quarters, there is about seventeen yards altogether.
Mr. Gurney. Do you find upon comparing the pieces together that they match. - A. Yes, they match, I believe it all to be one piece.
Q. Do you believe it to be the property of yourself and partners. - A. I do, I have not the least doubt of it, there is one new shirt, I believe that to be of the same quality; the shirt buttons have my private mark on them, I have not the least doubt they are my property; there is no mark on the cambric, it is worth upwards of eight shillings per yard, as to the sewing silks they are articles that we deal in, and I have not the least doubt from the circumstance attending it but they are mine; they are such things as we deal in.
Court. What number of yards of linen may there be. - A. About seventeen or eighteen yards.
Q. The piece of linen was cut. - A.Yes.
Q. Have you any pieces of Irish linen cut in your trade. - A. None.
Mr. Gurney. Upon the day after the prisoner was in confinement did you receive a letter from him. - A. I think it was the Thursday after he was taken, I received a letter from him desiring me to go to him; in consequence of that I went.
Q. Did you make use of any promise or threat to induce him to confess. - A. I did not, this was after the first examination and before the second; when I went into his room in the counter, I asked him what he wanted with me, he was in bed, he seemed to be exceedingly distressed, and felt much anxiety on his situation, I told him he had acted very improperly, I again asked him what he had to say to me, he did not give me any answer particularly to what he had done, he said what shall I do, what must I do, and several expressions of that nature; I then told him that I examined one of the pieces of linen which was found in one of his drawers, that it had the seal of Russel, and the number corresponded with the assortment of linen which we had bought of Russel; I then said that he had stole this linen from us, and that he must be satisfied in his own mind it was so; he then acknowledged that he had taken this piece of linen from me, I then asked him how he could say on his first examination that he had bought this linen of his mother in Devonshire; he replied, he did not know what to say.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley.
Q. I find this house is charged in the indictment to be the house of four gentlemen, you do not all live in the house. - A. 
               
                   
                  Henry Wilson
               

             and myself live there constantly, 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Wilson
               



             about half his time, and the other partner lives in Lad lane, he is allowed out of the trade a separate proportion to pay for his rent and taxes, living elsewhere.
Mr. Gurney. Are the rent and taxes paid out of the joint funds of all the parties. - A. Out of the joint funds of all the parties.
Q. Does your servants sleep there. - A. Yes.
Q. What is the parish's name. - A.St. Mary the Virgin, in the ward of Cripplegate Within.
Mr. Knapp. That is not the parish mentioned in the indictment.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WILSON
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. What is the name of the parish. - A.St. Mary the Virgin, Aldermanbury.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp.
Q.How are you acquainted with the name of the parish. - A. I have served the office of church warden.
Q. How long ago. - A. I cannot exactly recollect.
Q. Do you know the name of the parish except from what you have collected from other people. - A. Nothing particular.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY
            , aged 30.
Mr. Gurney. I am desired by the prosecutor to recommend this man to mercy, on account of his former good character, and the contrition he has since shewn.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
