





416. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     COLLIER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 13th of May
, thirty-two pound weight of lead, value 8 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Gilliard
                        




                     
                  , affixed to a certain building of his called a house
            .
Second count for the like offence, only stating it to be affixed to a building only.


                  JAMES 
                  MAY
               



            . On the 13th of May I called at a house that I am repairing for Mr. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Gilliard
               



            , at the corner of Quebec-street


; it being the men's beer time, I went from thence to the King's head in the Edgware road; I had not been there long, before Dowell, my labourer, came to me and said that he would not stop at the job any longer; I told him to go to his job and I would follow him, and as soon as I got into the house I saw Collier in Mr. Gilliard's parlour; Mr. Edington accompanied me, being a constable; Dowell telling me he saw the prisoner take up something, I ordered Mr. Edington to take him in custody. I asked the prisoner what he had done with the leaden pipe that was missing from Mr. Gilliard's house; I told him it would be better for him if he would confess.
Q. You did very wrong, do you know that there was this leaden pipe missing. - A. Yes. We found the lead where he said he had sold it, to a plumber.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Had you ever seen that lead affixed. - A. I do not know that I did.
Q. Did you afterwards look at the place where it was taken from. - A. Yes; it was taken from the front of the area wall; I matched it with the place, I could not make it fit; I cannot swear it is part of that lead.


                  LAMBERT 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am a plumber. The lead in question was brought to my house on the 13th of May, I bought the lead for thirty-two pound weight, I gave seven shillings and seven pence for it; I went with Mr. May to the place; we could not make it answer to the place; there was as much as twenty feet deficient in the whole; he sold me twelve feet.
Q. If I understand you right, it may be part of of the same lead, some part belonging to it might have been disposed of. - A. It was the same bore and the same sort.
- DOWELL. At four o'clock on the 13th of May we went to beer, me and the prisoner and the plasterer; I and the plasterer came to the house in half an hour's time.
Q. Did you see him about the lead. - A. Yes, between five and six o'clock; he was bending a leaden pipe; I did not see him cut it, nor take it out of the premises; I only saw him bend it.
Q. Was this at Mr. Gilliard's house where you saw this. - A. Yes.
Q. Did you observe any of the leaden pipe was missing that day. - A. Yes (the lead produced).
Q. Did it appear to you to be the same sort of pipe as was in the house. - A. I cannot swear to it.
Q. (to Mr. Stevens) Did you compare that pipe with any part that was left in the house. - A. Yes. To the best of my knowledge it was the same bore, a three-quarter bore.
Q. That is a three-quarter bore that remains in the house. - A. Yes. To the best of my knowledge the prisoner brought the lead to me between four and five in the afternoon.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
