





413. 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     MARTIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of May
, nine shirts, value 15 s. a shawl, value 10 s. a handkerchief, value 5 s. a shift, value 8 s. and a gown, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Brown
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
- BROWN sworn. - Q. Are you a married woman? - A. Yes, my husband's name is 
               
                  William 
                  Brown
               



            ; he is a cabinet-maker
, and lives in Spitalfields


: On the 10th of May I went up to my bedroom, at half after eleven o'clock, to get some aprons, and I missed a great many of my things; I found nine shirts gone from my drawer, a gown out of another, a shift, a silk handkerchief, and a silk shawl, were all out of the different drawers.
Q. Why do you accuse this man of taking them? - A. He was a lodger, therefore I suspected him; I sent to the different pawnbrokers, and found four shirts at Mr. Perkins's and two at Mr. Prentice's.
Q. What is he? - A. He is a soldier in the East London militia.
Prisoner. I told Mrs. Brown, at the time she mentioned it to me, where the things were, and who I got them from.
Prosecutrix. He told me where a gown and two shirts were; I told him, if I could get my property, I would make it as easy as I could; that is all he told me.


                  CHARLES 
                  FRENCH
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker; I live at No. 14, White's row, Spitalfields: On Wednesday, the first of May, the prisoner brought me two shirts, which I lent eight shillings on, and two more on the 9th of May; I am not positive, whether or not it was him who pledged them, I was in such a hurry to go out. I produce them.


                  CHARLES 
                  LESTANG
               



             sworn. - I am a servant to Mr. Perkins, a pawnbroker, in Bishopsgate-street: I produce a gown and a shirt pledged for sixteen shillings on the 10th of May. I did not take them in. (The property identified by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's defence. I received them of a person who lodged at Mrs. Brown's, that she knows verywell; I gave him 1 l. 5 s. for the lot; he said he had been at Rosemary-lane, and bought a bargain of a Jew; I did not know what I was took up for till I was at Hicks's Hall; I told her where those things were, I did not know any thing at all about them before.
Court. There is something you did not tell of.



               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
