





590. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MURPHY
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of September
, a silver watch, value 40s. a steel chain, value 3d. and a brass key, value 1d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Howard
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HOWARD
               



             sworn. - I am a shoe-maker
, No. 9, White's-alley, Chancery-lane


: On the 4th of September, about nine o'clock in the evening, while a man of a mean appearance was trying on a pair of shoes, my wife missed my watch, which had been hanging up where I was at work; it has my name at length in it, it was made for me.


                  ANN 
                  HOWARD
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Howard
               



            : On the 4th of September, about nine o'clock in the evening, the prisoner went through the passage into the yard: I did not know him before the sash was up, and the watch hung up very near the window; I saw him take the watch off the nail, he attempted to make his escape, but I caught him round the neck, and held him fast; my husband immediately took him from me, the watch was found on the step of the door, about two yards from the prisoner.
ISSAC CHAPMAN sworn. - I saw Mrs. Howard lay hold of the prisoner in the passage; I saw the watch lying upon the step of the door; a man came out of the shop who had been trying on some shoes, and had hold of the chain of the watch; when I took it up, he said, here is the watch, let the boy go, and then ran away.(
               
                  John 
                  Blundell
               



            , the constable of the Liberty of the Rolls, produced the watch, which was identified by the prosecutor.) GUILTY, aged 13.
Of 


               stealing goods to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
