





319. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GIDDINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of February
, three handkerchiefs, value 3s. two shawls, value 4s. a pair of stockings, value 2s. and a pair of pockets, value 1s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Aston
                        




                     
                  , spinster
, privately in her shop
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  ASTON
               



             sworn. - I keep a shop
, in the parish of lsleworth


.
Q. Are you a single woman? - A. Yes; on Friday, the 26th of February, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner at the bar came into my shop, and inquired for a pair of worsted gloves and a pocket-handerchief; he agreed for them, and paid for them; a woman came into the shop with him; the woman wanted a bonnet, which I was sitting on her head; while I was employed with her, the prisoner concealed the articles in question; I did not see him take them; I missed them almost immediately.
Q. Did she pay for the bonnet? - A.She did not have the bonnet.
Q. Did you ever see these things again? - A. Yes; as soon as I missed them, I sent a peace-officer after them, and he brought them both back to me, with the property, about seven o'clock in the evening.
Q. How long after they had left your shop? - A. About an hour, or an hour and a half; the constable has had the care of them ever since.
Q. Are you sure you did not see the prisoner take them? - A. Upon my oath, I never saw him near them.
Q. Did you see him do any act which you suspected to be a taking of them? - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  KENDALL
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: On Friday, the 26th of February, I was sent for to go after the prisoner by Mrs. Aston, between the hours of six and seven; I went after the prisoner, and found him by the George door, at Isleworth, about one hundred and fifty yards from the prosecutrix's; he had a woman with him; I brought them back to Mrs. Aston's house; I was going to search the prisoner, when he 
               drew
             the articles from his breast, under his waistcoat; I searched the woman, but found nothing upon her; I took him to the cage, and from there to Bow-street.(The property was produced, and identified by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing at all about it any further than the woman gave them to me when she got out into the street, and said, she had bought them and paid for them; I was very much in liquor.
Q.(To Kendall.) Was this man very much in liquor when you took him? - A. He was.
Q.(To Mrs. Aston.) Did they appear to be in liquor? - A.They appeared to be in liquor, but knew what they were about, for they could not make a harder bargain than they did.
GUILTY, aged 24.
Of 


               stealing goods, value 4s. 10d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
