





343. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 6th of March
, a chest, value 2 s. and twelve pounds weight of tea, value 4 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Crofts
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .
SECOND COUNT for like offence, only stating it to be in his dwelling house.


                  THOMAS 
                  CROFTS
               



            . I am a grocer
, I live at No. 2, Marylebone street, in the parish of St. James, Westminster


. The entrance to my house is through the shop only, I rent the house and shop myself, it is one and the same occupation. On Monday the 6th of March, about six o'clock, some men came to the door.
Q. You saw them did you - A. I did not see them; I heard them talking at the door, in the mean time my young man came from the kitchen with two lamps; a man came in and asked for an ounce of coffee, and while the young man was weighing the coffee I heard a chest rattle; I was in the middle of the shop, a board had given way, I was putting a board there.
Q. Where was the chest - A. There were four chests placed by the door, one on the top of the other; this chest was on the top of the pile; they stood on the floor; when I heard the chests rattle I did not know whether it was at the stairs or the door; there were chests also placed at the stairs; I called out to the servant to know whether she had gone up stairs; I turned round and missed the chest standing within the shop, by the door; I run out of the door and crossed the street and went into Francis-street; when I had got two or three doors up I heard something which I thought to be a chest pitching; I had gone beyond him; I turned round and saw the prisoner standing with the chest before him in Francis-street.
Q. Was he holding the chest - A. I am not certain; the chest was on the ground. I laid hold of the prisoner by the collar, I said you rascal you have got my chest; I throwed him against the wall and kept him till Mr. Goding chanced to come by the corner, I called him to assist me; we took the prisoner back to the shop; a man coming by, we desired him to bring the chest of tea back. I am sure it was my chest of tea; it contained about twelve or thirteen pounds of tea; the cost price was about six shillings and eight pence a pound. The prisoner was secured.
Q. How far did the chest stand from the door - A. Close to the door; inside.
Q. Is your young man here - A. No.


                  FRANCIS 
                  GODING
               



            . I live in Titchbourne-street, Golden-square. I was crossing Marylebone-street at Francis-street, Mr. Crofts was calling out for assistance, he had got the prisoner; I saw the chest there; I took the prisoner back to Mr. Crofts' house; I asked the prisoner how he could do such a thing; he said he had found it.
Q. to prosecutor. When did you weigh the tea - A. On the Saturday before I went to Marlborough-street the second time. I kept the chest of tea in the shop ever since; the chest is the same now as when taken from the prisoner; there is the same quantity of tea in the chest now as when I took it from the man.

Q. When you took it from the man you did not weigh it - A. No; I weighed it on the 10th of March, it weighed about thirty nine pounds, chest and all; I took twenty five-pounds off for the fare.
Q. But you took no pains to secure the chest, so that no more could be put in it - A. I put it up just as it was, the top was broke as it is now.
Mr. Walford. The offence was committed on Monday, and you did not weigh the tea till Saturday - A. No.
Q. What any body else might do you do not know - A. I never suffer any body to meddle with the chests. I had not taken any notice of the chest for some time; I am sure there was tea in it when it was taken away.
Prisoner's Defence. I know no more of it than a child unborn, I was coming by when I saw a man chuck this chest off his shoulder; I thought he had chucked it away. I am a person that drives a chaise at Turnham green; I keep rabbits, I thought it would make a good rabbit hutch; I did not know where his shop was till he took me back. Had the chest been full I should not have been able to carry it.
GUILTY, aged 27.




               On the Second Count of stealing to the value of thirty nine shillings only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
