





188. 
               
                  
                     CAROLINE 
                     LAVENDER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 13th of January
, five watches, value 20 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Webster
                        



                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .
Second count the property of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Webster
               



            , 
               
                  Esther 
                  Webster
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Webster
                  



               
            .
RICHARD WEBSTER. I am a watchmaker
, No, 26, Change Alley


. The prisoner at the bar came into my employ as a servant
 in December; she had scarce been in the house above a fortnight before I missed one watch, I could have no suspicion of her, she never was allowed to be in the shop. On the 13th of January she was dismissed about eight or nine o'clock; on the 14th, when the time of winding up the watches came, I missed three more. In the evening my man takes the watches down to the safe, and deposits them, and he comes up again with the box; in the morning he takes them up again, he comes up with one box first, the safe is left open while he comes for another parcel; I judge she went to the safe and took them. When I missed them, I supposed it must be her, I went with the officer who is present to apprehend her, he searched her, and found two tickets, and one watch was found upon her. There were produced before the lord mayor, five watches, two by the pawnbrokers, and two by Mr. Aldridge, and one that was found in the water closet.
Q. Who is the owner of the house. - A. I have the lease of the house. I have two sisters live in the house, they have nothing to do with the rent of the house, they have one third of the business.
Q. Had you a character with her. - A. A very good character with her; I turned her away for being so dirty, I dismissed her before I missed all the watches.
MR. ALDRIDGE. On Tuesday evening the prisoner at the bar came to my house, about eight o'clock in the evening; she said she wanted a gold key, I shewed her some, she fixed on one, then she asked me if I bought watches, I said no, not on my own judgment, not being acquainted with watches, but that I would shew them to a watchmaker, and get them valued; if she would call again the next day at twelve o'clock she should know the value of them. She came the next morning at ten o'clock, I had not shewn them to the maker then; she said that she wanted to go to Brighton with her mother and a child that was bit by a og, that made her call so soon, it would be near a fortnight before she returned; she wanted some money in order to defray the expences. With that she said I should have the two watches all the time; she had a guinea first and then I lent her four shillings, I was to keep the watches till she returned. She came no more. The next day the city marshall came from my lord mayor, to let me know that she was in custody.
Q. Are you sure that is the young woman. - A. I should not know her now, I swore to her before the magistrate; she was then in a pelisse, in the same state as when she came to my shop not in that state she is now.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NEAVE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Sadler, No. 68, Aldersgate street. On the 14th of January last, the prisoner at the bar pledged a watch with me for twelve shillings and sixpence.
- I am a pawnbroker, No. 42, Watling street. On the 3d of January the prisoner pledged a watch with me for two guineas and a half.
WILLIAM SHERIDAN. I am an officer, I apprehended the prisoner on the 14th of last month; on searching of her. I found a duplicate of a watch in her pocket, pawned at Sadler's for twelve shillings and sixpence, in the name of Nightingale.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I hope the gentlemen of the jury will have mercy on me.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave her a good character.
GUILTY, aged 19.
Of 


               stealing to the value of thirty nine shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr Recorder.
