





484. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  WILMOT
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniouslystealing on the 26th of April
, a guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Bell
                  




               
            .
CHRISTOPHER BELL. I am a serjeant
 in the King's own regiment.
Q. When did you lose this guinea - A. On the 26th of April; I was on the march from the regiment through town to Birmingham; I was quartered at the Castle in Holborn; I had been to a friend in the Five Fields, Chelsea; it rained very hard; and as I was crossing Dyot-street a hackney coach came and I was knocked down by the horses; I then made to the first public house and asked for lodgings; the mistress of the house told me she had no room, I could have no lodgings, and by reason of the fall I laid my head down on the table; I slept about an hour, I then awakened and called for a pint of ale; the ale was drawn; I put my hand into my right hand pocket and pulled out two guineas and a seven shilling piece; I gave the seven shilling piece to the girl to pay for the ale; she returned me six shillings and eight-pence; I laid down the remainder of the change to see if the silver was good, and I laid down the two guineas on the table; while I was looking at the silver the prisoner came up, took up one guinea and went out of the house backwards. There was another woman on the other side of me; I thought she had taken up another guinea; I looked at the money and saw a guinea was gone; I sent for the watchman; I kept the other woman that was along with the prisoner, thinking she would tell me who the prisoner was; by and by the landlady said the woman is at the door that stole your guinea; the watchman and I went out and took the prisoner and searched her; we found two seven shilling pieces, four shillings and two sixpences in her bosom; in consequence of that I requested her to be taken to the watchhouse; when the money was taken from her she swore it was not mine. I am quite sensible it is the woman.
Prisoner's Defence. I made away with all my things for that money, I was going into the hospital; when I went in the public house he sat with another woman, he had some silver on the table; I was not near him at all; he was in liquor and his coat was all over mud.
JURY. Did you see the prisoner take up the guinea - A. I positively did, or else I would not come so far to prosecute.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
