





263. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     PEARCE, alias 
SMITH, alias 
JORDAN





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on on the 9th of March
, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Gee
                     



                  , two cloaks, value 4 l. and four one pound bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Gee
                        




.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GEE
               



             sworn. I am a publican
, I live at the Golden Horse, Aldersgate-street


; the prisoner at the bar was my servant
. On the 9th of March I missed the property; the key of the room where the property was taken from, was taken out of the bar, and a strange key hung up in its place; about four o'clock in the afternoon the door was unlocked, the property was taken out, and the door was locked again; about eight o'clock in the evening she absconded; we did not suspect her to be the person that had taken it, till a person at whose house she was said she had robbed her of her things; my mistress went up stairs and missed the property.
Q. That was on the 10th when Mrs. Gee missed the property. - A. Yes; I never saw any more of her till the 18th when I found her in a public house in Long Lane, with one of my wife's cloaks on; I left her in the custody of two men, while I went down to Hatton Garden office for an officer; when I came back again she had hid the cloak in the privy, then she was taken to our house, and from there she was taken to the office.
Prisoner. Q. (to prosecutor) Mr. Gee, in the first place you recollect you gave me a guinea on Sunday morning in the cellar, and after that you gave me two pound notes.
Q. What did I give it you for. - A. That is best known to yourself; you asked me several Sundays if you should take an apartment for me and keep me, and that very Sunday morning you made a noise about the key, you broke open your room door, and you said to Mrs. Gee that Mr. Davis's boy had taken the key out of mistake; with that you says to me, will you have a great coat or a cloak, I told you I never wore a great coat in my life; you went up stairs and brought me down the cloak, you know very well you would never let me alone when I was down in the cellar, every one knows your character, your wife, and there she is, has told me that she suffered shipwreck by your goings on; if I had taken your advice you would not have done as you have.
Prosecutor. I never spoke a word to you about what you have been saying, I solemnly declare to God.
Court. Now Mr. Gee, upon the oath that you have taken, did you ever give her the cloak. - A. Upon my oath I did not, if it was the last word that I breathed out of my body I never gave her a farthing.
Q. When you came back the cloak was hid in the necessary. - A. It was.


                  SARAH 
                  GEE
               



             sworn. I am the wife of the last witness; I know no further than on Monday after the things were lost, I went up stairs and missed the property; the prisoner was a married woman as I thought, I let her and her husband both lodge in my house; the landlady that she lodged with, came and told me that she had robbed her of all the things out of the room; I missed the cloaks directly as the woman told me she had robbed her.
Q. Are both the cloaks yours. - A. One is, the other is not.


                  ANN 
                  RUBERY
               



             sworn. I keep a public house in Long-lane. On the 18th of March, the prisoner came in with two men, they called for a pot of beer. I went back into the kitchen, and one of the men called out landlady, I went to see what they wanted, she asked to go to the privy, I went to the back door and shewed her where to go across the yard, and she went, she had the cloak on when she went to the privy, I did not see what she did there, she went by herself.
Q. Did you see the cloak found afterwards. - A. Yes, it was found in a place that was broken in the ceiling of the privy, she must have stood upon the seat of the privy, and have put it into that hole.
Q. Was that hole there before. - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  CHAPMAN
               



             sworn. I am an officer of Hatton Garden, on Tuesday the 18th of March, Mr. Gee came to me to take the prisoner into custody, when he saw her he asked her where the cloak was that she had on when he left her, her answer was that it was not hers, the right owner had got it, I asked the landlady where she had been, she said shehad been in the privy; I asked her for a light and so shew me the way to it, we went together, and when I came there, I saw footmarks upon the seat of the privy, I got up and put my hand about, and found this cloak through the hole of the ceiling.
Q. (to prosecutrix) Look at that cloak. - A. This is my cloak; here is a lodger that heard her unlock the door and go into the room.


                  ELIZEBETH 
                  HARLEY
               



             sworn. Q. Are you a married woman. - A. Yes, my husband is a taylor; there is only a partition that parts Mrs. Gee's bed room and mine, her little girl was in my room and heard the door open, she says that is my mother, I said it is not Mrs. Gee's cough nor her foot; I heard a person in there, it was not Mrs. Gee.
Prisoner's Defence. I was never inside of the door, when Mr. Gee went up to clean himself between three and four o'clock, he broke the door open, Mr. Gee gave me the cloak; there was nothing freer than a gift.
GUILTY, aged 32.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
