





602. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     WARING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of September
, twelve sheets, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Davidson
                  




               
            .


                  JANE 
                  DAVIDSON
               



             sworn. I live in Short's buildings, Clerkenwell


, my husband's name is John, he is a cheesemonger
, the prisoner lodged in our two pair of stairs front room; on the 24th of September I went to the adjoining room of the prisoner's, the two pair of stairs back room. On opening the box which contained my linen, I found six pair of sheets lost. I ordered my box to be brought down into my own room, and in the hearing of the prisoner, I said that somebody was dishonest in my house. I went to where the prisoner had lodged before, I then suspected her, and I got an officer to search her apartment and found in the apartment one sheet that I suspected to be mine, it was cut, but I found nothing else in her apartment that belonged to me.
Q. Did you find any thing at the pawnbroker's. - A. The duplicates were given to me by the husband on the Monday morning.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PAGE
               



             sworn. I am a pawnbroker, I produce three sheets pledged in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Waring
               



            , on the 12th of September.
Q. Who brought them. - A. I do not know, one of my young men took them in.
Q. And why is he not here. - A. I told the magistrate, and he said it was of no consequence.
Q. You know as well as the magistrate that it was of consequence, if you had been the magistrate, you would have said, send for the man that took them in; was any thing else taken in at your shop. - A. No, only these three sheets.
Q. Mr. Page, the magistrate has put it down that you took the sheets in. - A. I told the magistrate that I did not take the sheets in, Mr. Trott the officer asked me whether I took the sheets in, and I told him no, before the magistrate.
Q. Then all that you know is that there was a duplicate produced to you by Trott. - A. Yes, Trott had the duplicate, this is the counter part of it.
Q.(to prosecutrix.) This room adjoined to where the prisoner lived, did you keep it locked. - A. It was my order to be kept locked, when I went up stairs I found it locked; the key was kept down stairs in the parlour upon a hook.
Q. What has become of the sheet that was cut. - A. They are here.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TROTT
               



             sworn. Q. You are an officer of Hatton Garden. - A. Yes. On the 25th of September I went with a search warrant to search the prisoner's room; I acquainted the prisoner with the business, she denied any knowledge of any thing of the transaction; she seemed very much alarmed at the time; I searched about for a long time, andat last, I found two half sheets upon the bed, sewed to something (they are hardly fit to be opened) to make it look as if it was a pair of sheets on the bed; the prosecutrix said she was sure the half sheets were hers. In a drawer I found this key, (producing it) it opened the lock of the door without any trouble at all; I took the prisoner to the office, she was then committed for re-examination, and during the time of her coming again, I had this ticket given me by the prosecutrix, for three sheets, pledged at Mr. Page's in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Waring
               



            . The prisoner confessed before the magistrate, that she had pledged the three sheets at Mr. Page's; she said she could not tell what possessed her to do it. (The property produced and identified by the prosecutrix.)
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
