





191. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of January
, fourteen ounces of mace, value 14s.
             the property of the 
               
United Company of Merchants, trading to the East-Indies




            .
Second Count. Laying it to be the property of persons to the Jurors unknown.
(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a commodore in the India-Company's warehouses, in Haydon-square


, the prisoner was in the same situation with myself; about nine o'clock, on the 21st of January, in the morning, in consequence of what passed between me and one of the elders, Mr. Molleson, I went out, and returned about ten; I had seen a stocking the day before, placed inside a chest, it continued there till near two, at which time Jackson came up stairs, unlocked the door, and took out the stocking which contained the mace, I saw it in his hand; I had concealed myself; after he had done that, he came up again, and shut the loop hole door, which we take in goods at; then he went out, and locked the door after him; when I thought he was clear off, I left the place where I was, and went down another way, and gave information of it.
Q. Was there mace in the warehouse? - A. No. only some that was spilled about the chest.
Q. There was mace in other parts of the warehouse? - A. Yes.
Q. Had you, the day before, examined what was in the stocking? - A. No; it appeared to be full of something, as it is now, but I did not open it.
Court. Q. Had he any business in that room? - A. He was appointed to lock up that side, unlock it, and watch it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MOLLESON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am assistant elder in the warehouses, in Haydon-square; as soon as I heard the stocking was gone, at two o'clock, I ordered the prisoner to go over to Mr. Visset, the head elder; I saw Jackson turn back in the square, I asked him where he was going, and he said, he wanted to speak to a man of the name of Jones; I told him he must go to Mr. Visset immediately, and then he attempted to run away; I followed him, and laid hold of him in Mansell-street; I called for the assistance of the gate-keeper, Simpson, and we brought him back; then he seemed very busy, doing something about his clothes, and at the fourth house in the square, Mr. Levy's, I saw him throw the stocking down the area, the same stocking that I had seen the day before, it was tied up with a piece of red handkerchief; I told Simpson, there it goes; I desired him to take it up, and I would return to him in a minute or two; I returned back, and Simpson gave it me, and I took it to the warehouse-keeper, Stockwell, where I saw it weighed, and the prisoner was then in the outer office; it contained mace, and weighed fourteen ounces.
Q. Was there mace in these warehouses? - A. There was; Stockwell then sent for an officer to the warehouses, and he was taken into custody.(Produces the property.)
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. These warehouses are in the City of London, are they not? - A. Some part of the warehouses may be.
Q. Do not you know it? - A. I cannot say.
Q. You searched this man, when he left the warehouses? - A. I slightly rubbed him down, because I meant to have him searched by the King's officer.
Q. In his side there is no mace, I believe? - A. Yes, there is, he had the charge of that part of the warehouse.
Q. But not in that room? - A. Not open, it was nailed down, in chests, so that nobody can get at it.


                  JAMES 
                  SIMPSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am the gate-keeper, I was applied to by Mr. Molleson.
Q. Do you know where the stocking was found in the warehouse? - A. No; I went to give Mr. Molleson assistance, and the prisoner threw something down Mr. Levy's area, which I took out, it was a stocking, I delivered it to Mr. Molleson.


                  THOMAS 
                  STEVENS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am keeper of one of the warehouses.
Q. Do you know where this stocking was taken from? - A. Yes.

Q. Do you know whether that part of it is in the City of London, or in the County of Middlesex? - A. No.
Q. (To Jones.) Whose house is next to that side of the warehouse, where the stocking was found? - A. Mr. Martyn's, an attorney, it is the corner of Haydon-square.
Simpson. I did not see the stocking found, but where Mr. Jones tells me it was found, is in the County of Middlesex; I never was in the room.
Q. Do you know the bounds of the County? - A. Yes; I saw them put up.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Do you know which way the room turns, whether towards the boundary of the City, or the boundary of the County? - A. No.
Prisoner's defence. I am entirely innocent of the charge, the prisoner called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 35.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LE BLANC.
