







534. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BROWN
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     COOPER
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of May
, eight yards of lace, value 4 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cooper
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am a laceman
, 21, Sun-street, Bishopgate-street


. On the 26th of May, between two and three o'clock, a young man going by stepped in the shop, I was at the back part of the shop; he asked me whether I had lost any lace from the door, I had lace pinned to some stuff at the door of the shop; upon my looking at the door, I missed the lace; I had seen the lace there ten minutes before; I had cut some off for a customer, and had pinned it up again. I followed Cooper immediately; she was alone when she took it, but she joined Brown in an alley at the back of my house.
Q. When you got out of your shop, how far was 
               
                  Ann 
                  Cooper
               



             up the alley - A. She was out of my sight in the alley; I went to the top of Sun-street, and met the two prisoners coming out of the top of the alley; they were together in company with a man; the young man that gave me the information, followed them up the alley, and pointed out the one that took it; the two prisoners and the man that they were in company with were all talking together, they all three went into the liquor shop together; I left the young man to watch them while I went for Sapwell, and when I came back the prisoners had come out of the liquor shop; they were all going into Mr. Styles's, the man went in first, I went further on for Sapwell, he not being at home, and when they came out of Mr. Styles's the young man that gave me the information went in and told Mr. Styles. 
               
                  George 
                  Cox
               



             picked up the lace in the street.


                  GEORGE 
                  COX
               



            . I live in Mitchell-street; I am an apprentice to Mr. Sherfleet, a cabinet maker. As I was coming down Sun-street, I saw a great many people going into Mr. Styles's shop; when I got to the pavement by Mr. Styles's door, I kicked my foot against something, which afterwards turned out to be lace; I took it into Mr. Styles's shop, and asked them if it was their lace, I gave it into Mr. Cooper's hands, he was in Mr. Styles's shop; he claimed the lace. The women were in Mr. Styles's shop when I went in; I know nothing of their taking it. Mr. Sapwell had the lace.


                  ANN 
                  BARRY
               



            . I am a servant, I live near the Halfway house, Cottage-lane, I saw a mob of people. A young man took hold of Brown in Union-street, I followed her; I saw her drop the lace down, Mr. Baldero laid hold of the tall woman, Brown; he took her into Mr. Styles's shop, Brown had her hands in the pocket hole of her gown, I saw it drop from her clothes; this young man, Cox, was coming by, he picked it up just at Mr. Styles's door; I followed the young man into the shop. I saw Cox give that which he picked up to Mr. Cooper.
The property produced and identified.
Brown's Defence. I never saw the lace if I was to die before I go down the steps, before I saw it in the gentleman's hands, then it was all in a whisp, it was not as it is now.
Cox. At the time I picked up the lace, it was all in a lump.
Prosecutor. It was delivered to me in a ball, it was squeezed up, I could hardly get it out again.
Cooper's Defence. I was going down Sun-street the same day I picked up this bit of lace, in the same manner is the boy said, when this gentleman to his shop I let it drop; I went into the wine vaults, I had a glass of peppermint; ever so many people followed me in. I never saw this woman to my knowledge before that day.
BROWN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 33.
COOPER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
