





292. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BIRCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of March
, a sheet, value 7 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Margaret 
                           Martin
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging room
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am a widow
, I live at No. 5, Prince's-court, Drury-lane


.
Q. Do you know the prisoner. - A. Yes; he took lodgings of me a few days after Shrove Tuesday, a furnished back room up one pair of stairs, at four shillings a week; he staid with me rather better than four weeks. He owed me nothing. To the Monday he was taken up, he had not left my house.
Q. Had you discovered there was any thing missing. - A. No; he was taken up in the city on Saturday the 21st of March, and two officers came with him to my house; they called me up stairs, and asked me if any thing was missing from the bed. I went up in the room and missed a sheet from the bed where the prisoner had slept. The officer ordered me to attend on Wednesday at the mansion house.
Q. Did you see the sheet. - A. Yes, the pawnbroker's servant produced it; I knew it was my sheet.


                  THOMAS 
                  HODGES
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Lane, pawnbroker, Drury-lane. I took a sheet in pledge of the prisoner on Friday the 20th of March; he asked me to lend him eight shillings on it in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Harris
               



            ; he said he belonged to the opera-house, and he lived in Little Wild-passage. I lent him seven shillings on it. On the Saturday two officers came; they told me to bring the sheet to the mansion house on the Wednesday following.


                  DANIEL 
                  LEADBETTER
               



            . I am a city officer. I had the prisoner in custody upon another charge; on Saturday the 21st of March he was examined before the lord-mayor, and I was ordered to take him to the other end of the town to see if I could find the property.
Q. You do not mean the property of this woman. - A. No; before I took him to the other end of the town I searched him; I found this duplicate in his breeches fob; I asked him what sheet it was, he told me it was the sheet of the bed where he lodged, at No. 5, Prince's-court, Drury-lane. He had a key in his pocket which he said was the key of his room; I took the key from him. Sherry and I and the prisoner went up to the lodging; after we were in his room I sent for Mrs. Martin to come up; when she came up, I desired her to look round the room to see if she had lost any thing; she missed the sheet from the bed. I told her the prisoner was remanded for examination on the next Wednesday at the mansion house, and requested her to attend. We came from there and went to the pawnbroker's; I asked the young man in the shop if he knew the prisoner; he said he did. I produced the duplicate, I desired him to produce the sheet at the mansion house on the Wednesday following. He appeared there with the sheet, and the prosecutrix identified it.
Prisoner. Mrs. Martin observed to you if you would give her the ticket, she did not want to go to the mansion house, she did not think I was the person to wrong her of the sheet.
Leadbetter. The prisoner said he had some crockery in the room that would satisfy Mrs. Martin for the sheet; Mrs. Martin seemed inclined to be favourable to the prisoner; she did not wish to go to further trouble.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. My lord, and gentlemen of the jury - With submission to the honourable court. I most humbly beg leave to observe, I am a native of the Isle of Man; my father was a lieutenant on board a man of war, and my uncle held a respectable situation in Castle Town in the Isle of Man. I have lived in London three years, and kept myself with honesty. I am a tailor
 by trade. I leave it to this honourable court.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
