





568. 
               
                  
                     JOANNA 
                     MURPHY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of October
, a gown, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Hughes
               




            .
ELIZABETH HUGHES sworn. - I am the wife of William Hughes; I live in St. George's in the East


, my husband is a ballast-heaver
: On the 15th of this month, about eight o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came to my house to ask me to buy an old apron, she had been in every house in the neighbourhood with it; I bought it of her more out of charity, to get her a breakfast, than any thing else; I gave her ninepence for it; about ten minutes after she was gone, I went to put my gown on, and missed it; it was hanging across the back of a chair in the same room where I was; I afterwards found it at Mr. Cording's, a pawnbroker, in Ratcliff-highway; I took a piece of the same with me.
BENJAMIN MOXON sworn - I am servant to Mr. Cording, a pawnbroker, in Ratcliff-highway, (produces a gown) On the 15th of October, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, the prisoner brought this gown to pledge; I lent her eight shillings upon it; she gave in the name of Joanna Murphy, in Sun-yard.
Prosecutrix. This is my gown; I apprehended the prisoner; I went, in consequence of the directions from the pawnbroker, to Sun-yard, but could not find her; I took her about five o'clock in the evening, in Swan-court, East-Smithfield; I could not get an officer; I went into the house where the prisoner was, and there was a man with her; he took up a broom, and beat me out; I am told it is her brother; I called to several people, but no one would lay hands upon her; I had to drag her myself to Whitechapel Office.
Prisoner's defence. I never saw the woman, nor her place, in my life.



               GUILTY
            , aged 46.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
