





620. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FALKNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 30th of April
, a gold snuff box, set with diamonds, value 400l. a diamond necklace, value 200l. a pair of shoe buckles, value 20l. a pair of gold knee buckles, value 11l. two silver table spoons, value 1l. 10s. and five silver tea spoons, value 2l. being part, and parcel of the goods and chattels, stolen by 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Collett
                     



                  , otherwise Putty, and whereof he was convicted at the last sessions; he the said John knowing them to have been stolen
            .
JOHN-
               
                  CHRISTIAN 
                  WEPPLER
               



             sworn. - I am a planter in Jamaias: On the 29th of April, I landed at Billingsgate, I put my luggage into a cart, which consisted of trunks and boxes, and ordered the carman to go to the York Hotel, Black-Friars; I could not get any lodging there, and I ordered the carman to Adam-street, Adelphi; I could not get any lodging there; and from there, I went to Southampton-street; that was full, and I was obliged to proceed to King-street, Covent-garden, where I got lodgings; I ordered the carman to unload my packages, and then I missed a valuable trunk; it alarmed me very greatly, and I went to Bow-street immediately, and gave information; it was about nine o'clock in the evening; hand-bills were printed in the morning, by order of the magistrates at Bow-street; I waited till two days after, and not hearing any thing of it, I advertised it myself, and offered 100l. reward; a few days afterwards, when I did not hear any thing of it, I offered 150 guineas reward; and in about a week, one Elizabeth Smith came, and gave information; in consequence of which, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Collett
               



            , a soldier, and Hayes and his wife, were taken up, and a warrant granted immediately against Falkner; Collett was a soldier belonging to the third Regiment of Guards; Mr. and Mrs. Hayes were taken up the same day; Falkner immediately absconded; Collett was tried and convicted, and Mrs. Hayes; Mr. Hayes was acquitted.
Q. Was any of your property found in the possession of the prisoner? - A. The Bow-street officers found nothing in his possession; his house has not been searched.
Q. Do you of your own knowledge know any thing against the prisoner? - A. No.
Q. Did you lose a gold snuff box set with diamonds? - A. Yes; a diamond necklace, two pair of shoe buckles, a pair of gold knee buckles, two silver table spoons, and five silver tea spoons.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Hayes, the person who is a witness to day, was at this bar tried for receiving? - A. Yes, and acquitted.
Q. He was taken up, and his wife? - A. Yes.
Q. How often have you been in Newgate, since the last session, to see Mrs. Hayes? - A. I have been with Mr. Kirby.
Q. Have not you been in Newgate, to Mrs. Hayes, more than once? - A. I have.
Q. Have you not promised Mrs Hayes, that if Mr. Hayes would be a witness, you would apply to the Duke of Portland for a pardon for Mrs. Hayes? - A. I do not think that is a proper question.
Court. Q. Did you or not? - A. I said, with the proviso, that if they would restore my property, I would make interest for her.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Upon your oath, have you not promised, that if Hayes would appear to give evidence against Falkner, you would make interest for his wife? - A. If he would come forward upon this trial; nothing like that, because he was compelled by a summons from Bow-street.
Q.How many times have you been in Newgate with Mrs. Hayes? - A. I do not recollect
Q.Four or five times? - A. It may be more or less.
Q. Upon your oath, during the conversation you have had with Mrs. Hayes, was it not for the purpose of getting Mrs. Hayes to persuade her husband to become a witness against Falkner? - A. Mrs. Hayes sent her brother, and told me, she was ready to deliver up some of the articles, with a proviso, that I would come forward in getting her pardon; I told her, the small articles she had got were of very little consequence, my loss was so great, but if she would bring forward all my property, I would use interest for her.
Court. Q. Did you say any thing to her, that you would get mercy shewn to her, upon condition that the husband would be a witness here to day? - A. No, not upon that condition.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Upon your oath, was the only purpose for which you went there, the getting your property restored? - A. I never had any private conversation with her, but in the presence of Mr. Kirby, or Mr. Reeves; she sent to me, and accordingly I went.
Q. Was that the only reason for which you went? - A. Yes.
Court. Q. What was the amount of your loss? - A.Between 1300l, and 1400l.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Upon your oath, is it not upon your application to Hayes, that Hayes comes forward to be a witness? - A.There was a fummons out from Bow-street.
Q.Did you not apply to him, to become a witness, before that summons was issued? - A. I did.(The record of the conviction of Collett read.)
Court. Q. Are the things mentioned in this indictment, part of the things mentioned in the former indictment? - A. Yes.
Q.How much did you recover of this property? - A.Nineteen napkins, and twelve yards of cambric.
ELIZABETH SMITH sworn. - I am a servant; I am not in place at present; I was servant to Mr. Hayes, who kept the Bell, in Red-lion market, Whitecross-street; I went there, on the 3d of March, and came away the 4th of May; I did not know any thing of the prisoner, except being a customer at the house; I believe he is a refiner, he lived in Whitecross-street, near Cripplegate.
Q. How long before your master and mistress were taken up? - A. It might be a fortnight or more.
Q. How long was it before you came away? - A. It might be a week or ten days.
Q.Recollect yourself? - A. I cannot exactly say.
Q. You left them on the Thursday, did not you? - A.It was on a Thursday, that my master and I had the words; I was there nine weeks all but a day; it was on a Wednesday evening that the box came in.
Q.Was that in April? - A. Yes, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Collett
               



            , the man who was tried last Sessions, came in, and borrowed half a crown of Mrs. Hayes. for coach hire; she gave it him, and he went out, and came in again in about ten minutes with a box.
Q.What kind of a box? - A. A red leather trunk, with a brass plate upon it; I observed upon it, the letters 
               J. C. W. 
            there were other letters, but I did not see what they were; then the soldier and Mrs. Hayes went up stairs, and stopped about ten minutes; then they came down into the bar, and I saw Mrs. Hayes with a diamond necklace, and a pearl necklace upon her lap. a pair of pearl ear rings, and large drops; I made an observation, and said, what a handsome necklace that was, and she told me to mind my own business, and go into the tap-room, and see if any thing was wanted; when I went back again, I saw several other articles; there was a comb for the hair, cut out in the shape of a star, set in diamonds; I believe in the shape of a star, or a half moon; and a gentleman's breast pin, that was not set in diamonds; I did not observe any thing more that night; there was a large supper that night; the next day, Mrs. Hayes sent the child down to a public-house, in Golden-lane, to Mrs. Hinton; she sent a pearl necklace, and likewise the pearl ear rings, to Mrs. Hinton, to ask if any of them would suit her; the child returned back again, and said none of them would suit her; and afterwards Mrs. Hinton came up, and examined the rest of the articles upon Mrs. Hayes's knees; but whether she took any thing away, I do not know; then between ten and eleven o'clock, on the Thursday, the soldier came; Mrs. Hayes said, come, Putty, take your money; they agreed that night for the things, and she gave him six guineas in gold, and one pound in half-pence; he had something to eat and drink, and I saw no more of him till eleven or twelve o'clock that day; then Mrs. Hayes called me to the bar, and told me to go to the prisoner's house.
Q. What passed between the soldier and her that night? - A. After he brought the box, he had something to eat and drink, and then joined the company that he used to be with; between eleven and twelve, my mistress desired me to go to the prisoner'house, and tell him he was wanted to go out with Mr. Hayes; I went, but he was not at home; I delivered the message to his wife; he came about one o'clock, but I saw nothing pass more than usual; he went into the parlour, and had a pint of beer, and then went away; but whether Hayes went with him or not, I cannot answer; I saw no more of Falkner till nine or ten o'clock in the evening; he came as usual to have his refreshment at night; that is all I know of him.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q.Hayes is a publican? - A. Yes.
Q. And as great a sinner as ever lived? - A. It may be so.
Q. He has been often charged with things of this sort? - A. I have heard so.
Q.His wife was convicted last Sessions? - A. Yes.
Q.You never saw, or heard, any conversation between the prisoner and Collett? - A. No.
Court. (To Mr. Weppler.) Q. What kind of trunk was it you lost? - A. A red leather trunk, brass mounted, with a brass plate upon the top, J. C. Weppler.
Q. What did it contain? - A. It contained all the articles in the indictment, a gold snuff box set in diamonds, a diamond necklace, and a pearl necklace.
Q.Any other articles of dress for women? - A.There was a diamond pin in the shape of a half moon, a lady's pin for the hair, there were two diamond breast pins, there were diamond ear rings, and pearl ear rings.
Q. How were the pearl ear-rings, had they large drops? - A. Yes.
Q.And a great many other articles of jewellery, I suppose? - A. Yes.


                  HENRY 
                  HAYES
               



             sworn. - I did live at the Bell, in Red-lion market, near Whitecross-street: On the 30th of April, or 1st of May, I am not certain which, Putty, or Collett, came to my house, about five o'clock in the afternoon, as near as I can guess; he asked me, where Mr. Falkner lived; I told him he lived in Whitecross-street, and in about half an hour, Falkner came to our house; he said, he could not stay now, he had got somewhere else to go, and he would call again; he called again in about three quarters of an hour, or an hour, he came in, and was speaking to Putty about some things that he had wrapped round him in an old coarse apron.
Q. Who had the things tied round him? - A. Putty; then they had a glass of gin a piece; I was at the door; and Putty said, will you go along with me down to Falkner's, and Falkner said, will you go with me andPutty; I went with them to Mr. Falkner's house, in Whitecross-street.
Q.What is Falkner? - A.Something in the melting of gold and silver, melting gold and silver off buttons.
Q. He keeps a melting pot? - A. Yes, that is his business, what they call a white-washer, and sweeper; I believe, when we got there, Putty untied his apron, and put all the things upon the counter, gold and silver, and what things there were.
Q.Describe what things there were? - A. Mr. Falkner said, must I light a fire, a fire was lit in the furnace, and then he came in doors; the first thing that I saw, was a large gold snuff box, full of stones, set round in a row or two, they glistened very much; but I did not know they were diamonds, nor Putty neither; Putty asked for a hammer, but could not break it; there was a diamond necklace, with a pair of black strings at the end of it, two pair of silver buckles set with stones, one pair of women's buckles, and one pair of men's buckles; he hammered them a little, and got some of the stones out; one was an oval pair, I did not take much notice of the other; there was a pair of men's gold buckles, and a large gold fan; Putty gave Falkner two pearl pins for Mrs. Falkner, with a kind of a rose at the top; there were several other articles, that I did not take particular notice of; after that, all the silver things were put into the pot, stones and all, and I saw it all melted; and after it was all melted, he took a pair of tongs, and poured it all into a thing, just the same as they pour lead in, about two inches and a half wides and about ten inches long, as near as I can guess; after that, the gold was put in; the snuff box and stones, and altogether; Falkner took hold of the fan, her, says he, this will soon be disfigured; the fan was rather damaged on one side, rather cracked, it was set with gold, and pictures, that was all melted, and then poured out the same as the silver was; then they put it into water to cool it as quick as they could; after that, Putty and Falkner were dealing for the silver, and Falkner asked him if he could give him change for a 20l. note, Putty could not, and then we all three came up to our house; Mr. Falkner came into the bar, and asked my wife to give him change for a 20l. note, and she could not give him change; then he borrowed 2l. 16s. or 4l. I am not sure, of my wife; then he came into the parlour, and paid 4l. 10s. to Putty, for this silver; then they began dealing for the gold, Putty asked him 50s. an ounce, and Falkner would not give him but 2l. an ounce; then he said, he would not let him have it, and I do not think he bought the gold at all, for he did not deal for it in my presence; Putty told me, he had sold the gold for twenty-one guineas and a half.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. I understand you then, that you went with Falkner and Putty from your own house, to Falkner's house? - A. Yes.
Q. You know the girl that has been examined, 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Smith
               



            ? - A. Yes.
Q. Was she at home when you went? - A. I cannot say whether she was or not.
Q. Had you not seen her lately, before you went out? - A. I do not take any notice of my servant girl.
Q. How far is the door from the bar? - A.About two yards.
Q. Near the parlour too? - A. It is all joining in one.
Q.She was your pot-girl? - A. Yes.
Q.Then it was her business to draw beer? - A. No; my wife never suffered the servant in the bar; myself, my wife, and my daughter, always draw the beer.
Q. Did you or not observe the girl when you came back? - A. I do not take such particular notice of the servant-girls, she might be or not.
Q. You were tried here, you know, the last Sessions, and acquitted? - A. I was.
Q. Your wife was acquitted? - A. No, convicted.
Q. Of course you have been backwards and forwards to her since the last Sessions? - A. That is natural.
Q.Of course you expect she is to get a pardon, by giving your evidence to day? - A. No.
Q.Nor have ever been given to understand so? - A.No.
Q.Neither by the prosecutor, nor any body else? - A. No; that I will swear.
Q. Did you go before the Magistrates, and give information of what you have been telling us to-day? - A.Not till I was obligated.
Q. What, were you taken up? - A. I was taken up along with my wife.
Q. Did you, at the time of that examination, say one word of what you have been telling the Jury now? - A. No; they did not ask me any questions about it.
Q.Then you did not give any account of this transaction till after your wife was convicted? - A.No; nor should not now if I had not been forced.
Q. How many times have you been in this Court before? - A. I have been here a great many times, backwards and forwards.
Q.How many times have you been at the bar? - A.Never but this once at the last Sessions.
Q. How often have you been taken up? - A. Once before.
Q. What was that for something of the same kind? - A. No; it was for - I almost forget what it was for now.
Q. Rub up your memory? - A.Perhaps you may think of it better than me.
Q. Were you taken up, and afterwards did you turn stag, and give evidence against others? - A. I was admitted as an evidence.
Q.What was the man tried for that you gave evidence against before? - A. It is out of my memory at this present moment.
Court. Q. It cannot be out of your memory? - A. It was about some property that was found in my house.
Q. Was that the only time you have been taken up? - A. Yes, it was the only time that I ever was taken up.
Q. The only time you ever were in custody? - A. Yes.
Q. You say that positively; was that the only time your house has been searched for stolen things? - A.Twice.
Q.And found? - A. No, only once found - Oh! I can tell you what it was now, it has just come in my memory; it was some beds that were found in my wife's possession, and I was found paying for them.
Q. Do you know a person of the name of Green, and another of the name of Hainson? - A. No.
Q. Was you house searched about some candlesticks? - A. Not that I know of, I heard so, but I and my wife were both here at the time; the candlesticks mywife bought at a broker's; I thought all this did not concern this man's affair.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ANTHONY
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Bow-street; all that I know of it is, that I I had a warrant against Falkner, the prisoner at the bar: On the 8th of May I went to his house a number of times, but never could meet with him at home; I afterwards met with Armstrong, and told him I had a warrant against him and he apprehended him.


                  JONATHAN 
                  DENIGHT
               



             sworn. - I am a carpenter, in Dickson's-court, Mary-le-bonne-street, Golden-square: On Friday, the 1st of May, about nine o'clock in the evening, I went to the house of Mr. Hayes, I had a pint of beer, and staid there about three quarters of an hour, when Hayes, Falkner, and Putty came in together; sat down in the bar; Putty sat down; he had the appearance of a glazier; he took from his apron two pieces of metal, gold and silver, about eight inches in length, as near as I can guess, about an inch and a quarter wide, and about the thickness of two-pennyworth of half-pence; the gold was of the same dimensions, except it run irregualar; one end was very thick, and the other end very thin indeed, it ran quite to a feather edge; Putty said to Falkner, you shall not have this under 50s. and he said he would not give it, but he would see whether it was worth it or not; he took the gold bar, and bit a piece off the end, and was going to bite another, but he said he had not enough; he returned the gold bar to Putty, and took the piece that he had bit, put it into a paper, and put it into his pocket; Falkner took the silver bar himself; he wanted change for a note, I cannot say how much; then he wanted to borrow some money to pay for the silver, but how much I cannot say; I heard something about four pounds; he said that was not enough, or something of that sort; Mrs. Hayes's back was towards me, and I could not see what money passed; then Falkner went into the parlour with the silver bar, and Putty with the gold one; I know no more of it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. This was bargained for in your presence? - A. I heard him ask 50s.
Q. But the silver was bargained for in your presence? - A. No; I suppose they bargained coming along.
Q.Hayes was by at the time? - A. Yes.
Q.And the money was paid on account of the silver, in Hayes's house? - A. Yes.
Q. That you are sure of? - A. yes.
Q.Were you at Bow-street? - A. yes.
Q. Were you sworn at Bow-street? - A. Yes.
Q. You told the Magistrate at Bow-street what you have been telling the Jury to-day? - A. I did not.
Q. How came that? - A. I told them then I knew nothing but by hearsay.
Q.Upon your oath, did you say at Bow-street that you knew nothing about it? - A. I did not; I said I knew nothing but by hearsay.
Q. What relation are you to Mr. Hayes? - A. I am brother to Mrs. Hayes.
Prisoner's defence. My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury, Mr. Hayes has sworn very falsely againes me; I know nothing at all of the transaction; he, I understand, stood in the situation I now do last sessions; I know nothing at all of the business; he is now come forward under a promise of getting his wife's pardon if he will appear against me.
The prisoner called twelve witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
