





231. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BUCKNEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of September
, four glass bottles, value 10d. and three quarts of wine, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Hicks
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  HICKS
               



             sworn. - I am a calico-printer and wholesale linen-draper
, in Bread-street


: 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Buckney
               



             came to me as a footman
, in December 1798; on Monday the 9th of September last, about half past six o'clock in the evening, I had occasion to go to the privy, which leads from the warehouse, towards the cellar, or to the floor on which the cellar is; I there heard a box unlock, which from the situation, I knew must be Buckney's box; I then heard somebody walk towards the wine cellar, and heard the door unlock; I went to the door as fast as I could, and heard the cellar door lock again before I got there; I had a candle in my hand, and I met the prisoner a few steps from the cellar door; I saw a lighted candle in his hand just a little before, but a little before-I came to the prisoner, his candle disappeared; I took him by the collar, and told him, I thought he had been about no good, that I should search his pockets; I put my hand in his pocket, and took from thence a candle that had been just extinguished, because it greased my fingures; I then took a bottle of red port wine out of his pocket, and in the bottom of his pocket was my key of the wine cellar; he then begged for mercy, and I brought him forwards towards the warehouse, and casting my eye under the cellar stairs, I saw threeother bottles lay, which from the appearance had held red port; I asked him if he knew any thing of them; he said, he took them from the cellar, and hoped I would forgive him; I then called for help, saying, I had detected a thief; several of the warehousemen then came, and I desired them to call a constable, who came and took charge of the prisoner; in the constable's presence, and the presence of the warehousemen, he asked for mercy; I told him it was a fit matter to come before a Magistrate; the cosntable asked him what he had about him, and asked him for his watch, which he gave him, and also his keys, among which was a key of my wardrobe; I then asked him where he got the key of the cellar, he told me, from the side-board, in the parlour, that day, after dinner; I asked him how it came in his box, that I heard unlock; he told me he had taken those three bottles first, that I found under the stairs, and that then he put the key into his box; that he then unlocked his box again, took the key, and went for the last bottle, when I saw him come out of the cellar; when the constable was taking away the keys and watch, I called the attention of those about me to the stairs, saying, as we had found three bottles in the faggots under the stairs, there might be more, which drew their attention, and I heard the prisoner run across the kitchen, which is on the same floor; I pursued him up stairs, but he was too fast for me; he opened the street door, and ran out without his hat, into the street; I have kept the wine ever since; this is the bottle I found on the prisoner, I put a paper on it, that I should know it, and this is another bottle which was in his box, and which he said was wine, but the wine was drank out; the constable put those bottles of wine into one of his boxes, and locked it up, and put a seal upon the key-hole, in my presence, with a piece of red tape, and in the presence of two or three other witnesses; the constable took the keys away with him, and left it locked up, saying, it was of no use to seek any further as he had absconded; the next morning I was informed there was another box, in which he said was all his valuables; the constable is since dead, who had the keys; his wife, on Friday last, brought the keys to me, and they are the same; Mr. Viney, and Mr. Peill are both here, who saw the box sealed and unsealed; Mr. Viney took the keys from the constable's wife, unlocked the box, and took the wine out, and gave it me, which has been in my possession ever since, except their bringing it into court for me; I went next morning to the Mansion-house, to ask for a warrant, to examine the box of valuables, there was one hundred and thirty-one one pound Bank-notes, and a watch and other things; I sent for the constable again, and he took the numbers, and sealed them up; I do not claim them.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Have you any partners? - A. I have; 
               
                  Edward 
                  Longden
               



             M'Murdo.
Q. Did he live in the house? - A. No.
Q. The property of the house and goods were your joint property? - A. No, the wine is my own.


                  JAMES 
                  VINEY
               



             sworn. - I was present when the man was taken; I am warehouse-man to Mr. Hicks: On the 19th of September, I was at tea in the accompting-house, adjoining the warehouse, and I heard Mr. Hicks call out, here is a thief in the house; I went out into the warehouse, and found Mr. Hicks, and Thomas Buckney in his custody; Mr. Hicks had a bottle of wine, the key of the cellar and a candle in his hand; Mr. Hicks asked the prisoner how he came to do it, he begged for mercy, and under the stairs, in the cellar, we found three bottles more, which he acknowledged to have taken out himself, and also the one which Mr. Hicks had in his hand; he desired a constable to be sent for; he came, and asked the prisoner for the keys of his box; he searched the box, and found in it a silver watch; he found no wine there, only an empty bottle; there were no keys in the box; the prisoner gave the keys to the constable, and there was a key, which Mr. Hicks said, was belonging to his wardrobe; the prisoner ran away after that; the bottles, and the whole of his property was put into the box by the constable, and sealed up, he is now dead; I saw the same box on Friday last, I opened it in the presence of Mr. Hicks, and Mr. Peill, it contained the same bottles, I took them out, and gave them to Mr. Hicks; I brought two of them with him.
JOHN PEILL sworn. - I know nothing more than has been stated; I was not there the whole time, as I went for the constable.
Q. (To Mr. Hicks.) Do you know that to be your wine? - A. It appears so; these seals on the corks were put on where the wine was taken, there were no seals before, (tastes the wine;) this is port wine.
The Prisoner put in a written defence, which was read as follows. The situation to which I am reduced, does not weigh more heavy on me from any consequences that may affect myself, than the reflection that a family hitherto, without reproach, will be rendered miserable on my account, but as I know of no better amends in my power, than a true account of the transaction, I shall shortly state it; I had been employed by my master, in bottling some wine, and missed by some observations which were used, though from my present sense of my impropriety, I wish not to criminate other persons; I was certainly induced to secret two or three bottles of wine, to drink in the kitchen; I had never wronged him in any otherinstance whatever, and have severely suffered from that hour to this, for having given way to such a temptation; so heavily, however, do I feel the fault I have committed, that I have, although at large, surrendered myself to take my trial, and suffer any punishment I may deserve.


                  Thomas 
                  Buckney
               



            .
The prisoner called eight witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
