





279. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MORGAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of March
, a pocket book, value 6 d. and a bank note, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Clark
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  CLARK
               



            . Q. What are you. - A. I am master of a vessel
. On the 21st of March, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was crossing the road in Gracechurch street


; just as I stepped on the curb the prisoner met me in the front. I found myself a good deal jostled.
Q. Was there any one behind you. - A. I do not know; I found myself very much entangled with the prisoner at the bar, in the front of me; I immediately clapped my hand upon my pocket, and missed my pocket book; I seized him by the collar immediately, I said I had lost my pocket book, I told him he had got it; I immediately saw the pocket book fly from his hand, into the street, under the horses; at that moment another man rushed in between us and broke my hold of him; I never lost sight of him till he was stopped.
Q. Was he running away. - A. He was stopped about two yards off; the coachman of the Clapton coach assisted in getting the papers up, and the pocket book was given into the constable's hand.
Cross-examined by Mr. Bolland. With whom were you walking with at the time. - A. A young woman of the name of Stevens. I have very little knowledge of her, she had hold of my arm.
Q. You do not mean to swear that you saw the pocket book in his hand. - A. No, I saw it go from his hand; the papers were loose.

Q. Do you recollect the young woman saying, that is not the man. - A. She never said so.
HANNAH STEVENS. As I was crossing Fenchurch street a man knocked me on my bosom; he immediately said, I have lost my pocket book; I saw the pocket book; I saw the pocket book under the horses feet; the pocket book was picked up by a little boy, it was given to the captain.
Cross-examined by Mr. Bolland. Who was it struck you. - A. The prisoner struck me with his left hand; it nearly shoved me down.
Q. Did you see the pocket book throwed away. A. No; I saw the papers scattered about; I carried the pocket book into the tobacconist's shop.
Q. Do you recollect saying, captain, that is not the man. - A. No.
GEORGE GOODWIN. I am a post boy; me and Mr. Butler the coachman and his son, were talking together in Gracechurch street, about eight o'clock; I turned round on hearing a noise, I saw the captain holding the man by the collar; immediately the captain gave the coachman the umbrella, I saw the pocket book fly between the captain and the prisoner, and the papers flew on the curb, it was all picked up immediately; as the captain gave the coachman his umbrella, a tall man rushed in between the captain and him, and the captain lost his hold; I catched hold of the prisoner, and held him till the waterman came up and assisted me.


                  THOMAS 
                  SCOTRAM
               



            . I was coming along just at the time the gentleman had fast hold of the prisoner; I saw the pocket book laying down; I did not see it fall; I came along just at the time it was down; there was a scuffle, and the post boy catched hold of the prisoner; he held him till I came up.


                  FRANCIS 
                  PAGE
               



            . I am a constable; when the book was brought to me, it was sealed up; I took out of the man's pocket a ten pound note, nine one pound notes, a sixteenth of a lottery ticket, a duplicate of a watch, and one note for four hundred and fourteen pounds and fourteen-pence; that I delivered up by my lord mayor's orders to the prisoner.
Q. to prosecutor. Was there a one pound note in the pocket book when you lost it. - A. Yes.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent of the charge against me. I was coming from London Bridge towards Moorfields; directly I came up to the gentleman he said he lost his pocket book; the girl immediately cried out, do not hurt that man, it was not him.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
