





49. 
               
                  WALTER 
                  COGAN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of October
, a pocket lantern, value 2s. two brass candlesticks, value 2s. two flat irons, value 1s. a box iron and stand, value 9d. an iron shovel, value 6d. a piece of mahogany, value 1s. and a pot of paint, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  George 
                  Holywell
               



             and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Holywell
               



            .
GEORGE HOLYWELL sworn. - My brother and I are ironmongers

, at Wapping; the prisoner was our porter
; in consequence of information, I got a search-warrant, and found these articles in his lodgings; I can swear to the lantern. (The lantern produced.)
JOSEPH HOLYWELL sworn. - I can swear to this piece of mahogany; our house was pulled down by the Dock-Company, but this wood belonged to us.
- HUMPHREYS sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Holywell; I can swear to this pot of paint and the lantern.


                  JOHN 
                  COX
               



             sworn. - I am an officer; I searched the prisoner's room, and found all these things, and I found the prisoner among some pockets of hops, at a hop-factor's, in the Borough.
- sworn. - I was servant to Mr. Holywell; when we were removing, about five or six months ago, the goods stood in baskets open in the shop; I saw the prisoner mix the paint, and take it away; one time I saw him put two Prince's metal candlesticks in his pocket; another time take out a box iron; another day a cinder shovel; and, another day, another pair of candlesticks.
Q. How came you not to tell? - A. That is what I was taken into custody for.
Q. Are you sure you speak the truth? - A. Yes.
Q. Had you any profit? - A. He gave me sixpence, and halfpence, and once he gave me a bad shilling, which I threw away; he gave them to me not to tell. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
