





624. 
               
                  
                     MARTHA 
                     LUKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of August
, a hat, value 2 s. a frock, value 2 s. and a petticoat, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Watts
                  




               
            .


                  GRACE 
                  WATTS
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Watts
               



            ; I have two children, William and Henry.
Q. How old is William? - A. Eight years next November; the baby in my arms is Henry, he is nine months this month.
Q. Do you remember, on the 3d of August, having your children playing about any where? - A. Yes, in Lincoln's-Inn-fields


; I sent William with the baby, and a little boy of the name of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Baxter
               



            .
Q. How was little Henry dressed? - A. In a buff frock, a cambrick top petticoat, and a calico under one, and an old beaver hat.
Q. About twelve o'clock did you find any of your children returning? - A. No, it was half past one that my son came to me, then I was at Mr. Balis's chambers; he told me that a woman took Henry from him, I went to Hatton-garden Office, and gave information.
Q. When was it that you recovered your child? - A. About eleven o'clock the same evening; I found the child in St. Ann's, Soho, workhouse.
Q. How was the child dressed when you found it at the workhouse? - A. In a bed-gown and light petticoat, what the gentlewoman of the workhouse had lent him; the child was stripped of his hat and petticoat; his shoes and shirt, and under petticoat, were not taken from him.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  FARR
               



             sworn. - Q. Do you remember on Saturday, the 3d of August, passing through Lincoln's-Inn-square? - A. Yes, about half past eleven; I saw these two children (pointing to them) walking with little Henry; I saw the prisoner at the bar having hold of little Henry's left hand with her right hand.
Q. Did you know these children before? - A. No, I said to the prisoner, poor little fellow, he can hardly walk alone; she said, no, Madam, he can but just walk; I took no further notice of the prisoner, I went to my employ. About half past one I heard of a little child being lost; I ran down stairs upon their saying it was with a little boy in a brown coat, and I said I saw a woman takea child away in Lincoln's-Inn-fields. On the Tuesday after that I saw her sitting on Mr. Wood's steps, in Chancery-lane, and there I said she was the person that took the child away.
Q. Are you sure that the prisoner is the woman that you saw with these three little children in Lincoln's-inn-square? - A. I am positive of it; she had on, then, a coarse black bombazeen gown, and a velvet bonnet; I am sure it is the same woman though she is not in the same dress.


                  GEORGE 
                  WOOD
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: On Saturday, the 3d of August, the prosecutrix came to me at the Office in Hatton-garden, and brought the little boy with her; I asked him if she had a black bombazeen gown on; he said she had, and a black velvet bonnet on; on the Tuesday following, when she was apprehended, she was delivered into my charge; I searched her and found a duplicate of a black bombazeen gown, pledged on the 5th of August; the prisoner was tried last Sessions on three indictments of the same kind; I believe that Mrs. Farr can speak to the gown, that she had it on at the time.
Farr. This is the very dress that I saw her in.
Court. Q. That is the sort of a gown? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  FRENCH
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker: I produce a black bombazeen gown pledged by the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CURRIE
               



             sworn. - On Saturday, the 3d of August, about five o'clock, at the corner of Sutton-street, in Soho-square, I saw the child, 
               
                  Henry 
                  Watts
               



            , that is now with his mother, behind the door of a passage in Mr. Carol's house, it had nothing on but a shirt and an old pair of shoes, and a calico petticoat.
Q. Was it crying? - A. No, it was amusing itself; I took it up into my arms, and took it into a public-house close by there; I was going to take it home to my own apartment, they persuaded me to fetch the beadle to see who it belonged to; accordingly I met the beadle, and he took the child from me.
- sworn. - I am beadle of the parish of St. Ann's, Soho: I received the child from the last witness at the public-house; the child had on a little calico petticoat, a shirt, and an old pair of red shoes.


                  JAMES 
                  ALEXANDER
               



             sworn. - You are the master of St. Ann's workhouse? - A. Yes; I received the child on Saturday, about five o'clock in the evening, it had on a shirt, a petticoat, and a pair of shoes, nothing else.
Q.(To prosecutrix.) You never found your cloaths again? - A. No.
Prisoner's defence. At the time the gentlewoman was speaking about me, I was in the Strand, attempting to meet my husband; I was not near the place.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Sutton
               



            .
