





84. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3d of December
, a silver watch, value 50 s. and a gold seal, value 25 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Woolmoor
                  




               
            .


                  ISAAC 
                  WOOLMOOR
               



            . I am a servant
. On the 3d of December, between the hours of eleven and twelve at night, I was carrying a child of my master's from the play; I had got about an hundred yards in Brydges street, Covent Garden


.
Q. What age was the child. - A. About seven years old. When a mob of people collected, and in the mob I saw the prisoner in the act of pulling my watch from my fob; I observed the prisoner drawing the watch out of my pocket.
Q. Your master and family went to the play that night. - A. Yes.
Q. You were carrying a girl in your arms, and while you were carrying this girl to the coach you found somebody take the watch from your pocket. - A. Yes.
Q. What did you do then. - A. I collared him; I said, you rascal you have robbed me; my master called out to me to give him the child. Then I laid hold of the prisoner with both hands, I called out to the watch, to whom I gave him in charge; I saw him shift the watch from one of his hands to another; I called out there goes my watch. After stopping twenty minutes two other watchmen came and took him to the watchhouse.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney.
You were coming out of the door into Brydges street. - A. Yes.
Q. In consequence when the play was over there were a great quantity of people. - A. Yes.
Q. Do you mean to say that you saw the prisoner with your watch in his hand. - A. I am certain of it.
Q. Did you give that account at Bow street. - A. I did.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
