





556. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of July
, a carpet, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  Herbert Broom

               
             and 
               
                  John Broom

               
            .
The Case stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  HERBERT 
                  BROOM
               



            . Q. Have you any partners. - A. Yes, 
               
                  John 
                  Broom
               



            , we are carpet manufacturers

, our warehouse is in Leicester Fields.
Q. Was a carpet produced to you by Crabb the officer - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar. - A. Yes, he was in the service of 
               
                  John 
                  Cooper
               



            , whom I believe is a dealer in carpets.
Q. Has Mr. Cooper any transactions at your house. - A. Yes; and the prisoner was frequently at our house.

Q. Had you seen him on the day proceeding the day he was taken up. - A. He called on the 7th in the morning, and requested permission to speak to our porter.
Q. What was your porter's name. - A. 
               
                  John 
                  Daniels
               



            ; he was taken up and sent on board the the tender.


                  ELISHA 
                  CRAB
               



            . Q. You are an officer of the city of London. - A. Yes. On the 7th of July, I apprehended the prisoner, between eight and nine o'clock at night, in Cutler's-street, Houndsditch; he was sitting on a carpet; I asked him what he had there, he said it was nothing to me, it was his own property; I told him he must go along with me to the Counter; he said he would go along with me any where, and he would not tell where he had it from; I had two officers with me; I took him in charge, and gave the carpet to one of the officers. I had hold of him; we walked five hundred yards from the place where we first stopped him, he made a sudden spring and got away from me, I held his jacket, the jacket tore all the way up; I then catched hold of him by the collar and the jacket gave way again; he ran away from me into Cammomile-street into a mews, where there was no thoroughfare; there I got hold of him I never lost sight of him; I asked him why he run away from his property: when I went up to him he hit me down when; I got up he hit me down again. I had got a stick, I was obliged to make the best of it I could till I secured him.
Q. Was that carpet you found upon him that night the same carpet you shewed to Mr. Broom the next day. - A. It was; I saw him coming along with the carpet before he sat upon it I was watching for him two hours before. I knew at eleven o'clock that he was to bring it there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HART
               



            . Q. You are also an officer of the city. - A. I am. I searched the prisoner at the Counter, I found upon him a bit of paper belonging to a carpet.
Prosecutor. That paper is our clerk's writing, it certifies the length of the carpet.
(The property produced and identified.)
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, and called no witness to character.



               GUILTY
             aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
