





475. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BILLINGHURST
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of April
, a half guinea, two seven-shilling-pieces, and 3s.
             the monies of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Whitney
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WHITNEY
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Whitney
               



            ; I lodge at Mrs. Blackwell's, No. 4, Prince's-court, Duke-street, St. James's


; the prisoner lodged in the same house, in an apartment that he rented of me on the first floor. My husband is a wine-porter
. On Thursday the 28th of April, about two minutes past four o'clock, I went to a chest of drawers to take out some money; I took out a halfpenny, and left in the drawer a half guinea, two seven-shilling pieces, and three shillings in silver; I locked the drawer, and went up two-pair-of-stairs; I left the prisoner in the room; I was not gone five minutes; when I came down again the prisoner was gone; I looked at the drawer, and found it burst open, and the money all gone; the prisoner never returned; he was taken up on the Saturday, and brought to my room; as he was going to Marlborough-street, he said, he was sorry I should be at the loss of the money, and he would make it up to me in the evening.(
               
                  Sarah 
                  Bolter
               



             was called, but not appearing to know the nature of an oath, she was not sworn.)


                  JOHN 
                  BOLTER
               



             sworn. - I am the father of the child; I apprehended the prisoner; I met him in Leicester-square; I delivered him to the constable.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GREGORY
               



             sworn. - I received the prisoner from Bolter; I took him to the Office, in Swallow-street; he said to me, I have got a friend in Swallow-street (Dr. Young's coachman) he wished to speak to; I said, why? he said, I should like to settle with Mrs. Whitney if I can, for I have got plenty of money down at Croydon; we went into the yard, but he was not come in; I afterwards went to Dr. Young's coachman at the request of the prisoner. I asked the prisoner, in Mrs. Whitney's room, how he could think of committing such a depredation, a respectable young man like him, and he said, he did not do it.
Prisoner's defence. I am innocent of it; she wanted three guineas of me to make it up.
Q.(To Mrs. Whitney.) Did you offer to make it up? - A. No; his friends have been to me, and offered me any money to make it up.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
