





333. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FRANKLIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing three pair of shoes, value 20s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Aaron 
                     Bennett
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  FOSTER
               



             sworn. - I am apprentice to Mr. James, a haberdasher, in Rathbone-place; Mr. Bennett lives in New-street, Covent-garden


: On the 18th of March, between five and six o'clock, I was going with two bundles of bombazeens, and saw two men at Mr. Bennett's door; I saw one of them take three pair of shoes; I cannot tell whether the prisoner was one of them, or not; they pushed against me, and I ran on the other side of the way; I called out, stop thief, and several men came round me directly; there were seven or eight of them; one of them swore he would cut my liver out if I spoke; after I had been surrounded a little while, they ran off; I went directly to Mr. Bennett's, and told him; he came out directly, and ran up the street; I went home.
- OLDHAM sworn. - I live facing the prosecutor, No. 4, New-street, Covent-garden: On Friday, the 18th of March, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I heard a noise at my window; I went to look, and saw a man have the last witness by the collar, and said, he would cut his b-y liver out if he spoke; I thought the boy had shoved him off the pavement, and I did not interfere, but immediately the man let him go, and Foster said to me, that man, pointing to the prisoner, has stole three pair of shoes from Bennett's; he was pursued, and in about an hour after an officer took the prisoner, and I went to Bow-street, and identified his person; I am certain the prisoner is the person I saw running on the opposite side of the way; I saw him run from within six or eight yards of Bennett's door.
- ARMFIELD sworn. - I am one of the patrol at Bow-street: On the 18th of March, about a quarter before six, I was coming up Green-street, Leicester-fields; I met the prisoner about the middle of the street; I stopped him, knowing him before, and asked him where he was going; I saw a companion of his on the opposite side of the way with something concealed under his coat; I crossed over to him, and the prisoner followed me; I went to lay hold of him, and he dropped three pair of shoes; the prisoner popped between us, which made me break my hold of him, and he ran away; I secured the prisoner and the shoes. (Produces them).
Bennett. These are my shoes; I know them by the nails in the heels, and the strength of them.
Prisoner's defence. I never crossed over at all; the man dropped the shoes, and immediately ran round me. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
