





16. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     HALIDAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of November
, six tea cups, value 2 s. 6 d. three saucers, value 6 d. a cream jug, value 1 s. and three basons, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     North
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     North
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  NORTH
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 104, Bishopsgate-street


; I am a potter and glass-seller

.
Q. Have you any partners? - A. Yes, my mother, 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  North
               



            : On Tuesday, the 20th of November, we had some friends at our house in the evening, and being a rainy evening, we had occasion to send for a coach by our servant-girl; after some time she returned with one, of which the prisoner was driver; I think the number was 287; the coach was intended for my brother-in-law and sister to go home to Whitechapel.
Q. What time of night was this? - A. A little after ten; I had occasion that evening to go to the Excise Court Office, in Thames-street; I proposed to take a part of the coach with my brother-in-law to the bottom of Houndsditch; in the course of the prisoner's waiting, he sent the servant girl into the parlour, saying, that if the company did not come, he must not wait; we made an observation, that it was improper that the coachman should be in our shop with the door open, and that he should remain with his coach, and the door shut; it was alledged, that the man came in for shelter from the rain; that was the conversation amongst ourselves; after that, the parties went in the coach, and I went with them in it; it happened to turn out, in going along Bishopsgate-street, we heard something rattle in the coach; we then said to one another, there must be some china in the coach; I asked my sister if she had purchased any; she said, no; we heard it again; we then thought it might be the steps of the coach; it was a very good coach; it was not that; we looked under the seats of the coach, and there we found some tea cups; I held them up for some time, and when we got against the lights, I perceived they were my own; we heard some more; I felt again, and found some basons; by that time we had got to the bottom of Houndsditch, and the coachman was drawing up; we then desired him to drive to Whitechapel; when we got there, before any of us got out, we desired a light to be brought; we had a light, and searched further; we found other basons and saucers of another kind; we then immediately called the watchmen and patrols, and got what assistance we could; I challenged the man with taking them; he said, he knew nothing of them, he supposed that our girl put them in the coach; after some altercation, we concluded to take him into custody; we had him in the house for that purpose; he made a great deal of resistance, said it was his coach and horses, he would not be taken from them; we persisted, and took him to Whitechapel watch-house.


                  ANN 
                  ANDERSON
               



             sworn. - Q. You are a servant to Mr. North? - A. Yes; I did not know any thing of it till the next day; I fetched the coach.
Q. When the coach came, what became of the coachman? - A. He stood inside of the door all the time; he told me to tell my mistress and master as it rained very hard, he would stand in the inside; I went and asked my mistress leave; mistress said, it was a very odd thing that he could not go inside of his coach.
Q. Where was the china at that time? - A. It stood inside of the door at that time; there is no partition to the shop.
Q. Did you put any china in the coach? - A. No, nor I did not know there was any.


                  LEVY 
                  COHEN
               



             sworn. - I am a constable of Whitechapel; I took the prisoner into custody; I produce the property. (The property produced, and identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I was sitting down a job in Bishopsgate-street just before eleven o'clock, the girl came up to me, and said she wanted a coach; I said, I was going home; she said, it is only going a little way; I then put her in the coach, and as soon as I came to the door, she got out; their street-door was open; I went to my horses' heads to feed them; I staid some time, and then I went to the door, and the girl was in the shop; I said, it was very hard I should be waiting here, so many hours I had been out; she went and told them; she came to me, and said they were going directly; the coach-door was open all the time I was feeding my horses, and likewise the door of the house; when they came out, they got inside; I do not know how the china came in the coach, I told them so.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
