






376. 
               
                  
                     PHILIP 
                     TRAGGER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John Boyd 
                           Germaine
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of eight at night, on the 3rd of April, with intent to steal and burglariously stealing therein, a gold ring, value 2 l. 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Field
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am an artist
; this ring was placed in the shop window of Mr. Germaine in the Strand.
Q. All you know the ring is your property - A. Yes.


                  GEORGE 
                  DISMORE
               



            . I live with John Boyd Germaine; he is a jeweller
, No. 25, in the Strand, in the parish of St. Martin in the Fields


; he rents the house.
Q. When did this happen - A. I cannot say; I discovered it about eight o'clock on Tuesday morning.
Q. When did you see this ring - A. It was there on Monday afternoon inside of the shop; I cannot say when I saw it last; the window was not broken till after the candles were lit; on Tuesday morning I found the glass broke and pushed in, and this ring was taken out.
Q. Who did it you did not know - A. No; I did not see the ring taken out.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TROTT
               



            . On Tuesday the 4th of April, I was sent for to take the prisoner in custody upon another charge; I saw him very uneasy with one knee against the ham of the other leg; there was a great mob of people, I begged them to be kept back; seeing him uneasy, I said what have you got there; I took hold of his leg and found this ring and this penknife.
The property produced and identified.
GUILTY, aged 25.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings only, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
