





749. 
               
                  
                     ELIJAH 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of September
, a bag, value 1s. and eighty-four pounds weight of loaf sugar, value 4l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Smith
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Travers
                  



               
            .
WILLIAM IBELL sworn. - I am warehouseman to 
               
                  William 
                  Smith
               



             and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Travers
               



            , wholesale grocer

s, in St Swithin's-lane


: On Saturday, the 25th of September, about four in the afternoon, I sent a cart loaded with bags of loaf sugar; the carman was to deliver them at Iron-gate-wharf; one of them was missing; I shall know it again when it is produced.


                  THOMAS 
                  KENNIE
               



             sworn. - I am carman to Messrs. Smith and Travers: On Saturday, the 25th of September, I received several packages of sugar.
Q. (To Ibell). How many packages were there? - A. A great many, but only three of the same mark with the one that was missing.
Kennie. I had packages to leave at different wharfs; I was to leave three at Iron-gate-wharf; I delivered the others, and it was then too late to go to Iron-gate, and I was going back; the tail ladder of the waggon was up; in crossing Little Tower-hill, towards the Minories, I turned round, and missed a bag of sugar; I did not see any body near the waggon; in about five minutes, a young man, with a one-horse cart, of the name of Charles Turner, came up, and, in consequence of information that I received from him, I went with him about 200 yards, when I saw the prisoner with the bag upon his back, I knew it to be the same that I had lost; I asked him how he came to take the bag out of my waggon, and he threw down the bag and ran away; Turner and another pursued and stopped him, I took possession of the bag, and put it in the waggon again; I took it back, and delivered it to the warehouseman.


                  CHARLES 
                  TURNER
               



             sworn. - I am carman to Messrs. Harris and Co. tea dealers: On Saturday, the 25th of September, about a quarter before eight o'clock, coming over Tower-hill, I saw a person with a bag upon his back, going towards Lower East Smithfield; I saw Kennie in about two minutes, or two minutes and a half afterwards. and told him of it; I pursued him with Kennie, and came up to him in about 200 yards; he asked him how he came to take the bag out of his waggon, and he threw it down and ran away; I called, stop thief, and he was taken by an officer before I lost fight of him.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WRIGHT
               



             sworn. - I am a head borough; I was standing at a neighbour's door, in Upper East Smithfield, I head the cry of stop thief, I saw the prisoner running, and I stopped him, and took him into custody.(The property was produced and identified by Ibell and Kennie.)
Prisoner's defence. I went to Rosemary-lane to buy a jacket, and saw that bundle lying in the middle of the road. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
