





326. 
               
                  
                     FRANCES 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of April
, a cloth cloak, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Chamberlain
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  CHAMBERLAIN
               



             sworn. - My husband is a weaver
: I live at the corner of Great Pelham-street, Spitalfields


.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. I never saw her till the day she came into my room with an acquaintance of mine to see me, on the 30th of April; she would have a pot of beer to drink, she fetched it herself and paid for it; I turned my back to stir up the fire; when I turned round again I missed the prisoner, my cloak, and the quart pot; I had asked my acquaintance to stay and take a cup of tea with me; my acquaintance said she might have gone into the yard, and might return again; I heard no more of her till the next day, I found her in Swan-yard watch-house; she had pawned my cloak.
Prisoner's defence. I never touched the cloak; there were more people in the room besides me; we were all drunk together.
Q.(To prosecutrix.) Were you drunk? - A. Upon my oath I never was out of my room that day, and I had not left work for above five minutes, and I only drank about a cupfull of beer.


                  JANE 
                  NEEZER
               



             sworn. - I saw her with the cloak on that afternoon, the 30th of April, about half past four in the afternoon, and after that I saw her without it; she said she had pawned it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POPE
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker; the prisoner at the bar pawned this cloak.
(The cloak produced, and identified by the prosecutor.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
