





615. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of June
, two pigs, value 9 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dewer
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DEWER
               



            . I am a butcher
, I live in Chandois-street, Covent-garden.
Q. When did you lose these pigs - A. On the 27th of June, from the stable-yard, Lemon Tree-yard, Bedfordbury


. The prisoner was in the habit of coming backwards and forwards to my yard.


                  JOHN 
                  ROWLEY
               



            . I am a rat destroyer and vermin-killer, I live in Mill bank, Westminster. On the 27th of June Jones, the prisoner, brought me two fat hogs, he asked me if I would be so good as to put them in my place; he said they belonged to some gentleman; I thought they did. Sometimes gentlemen give me a dog to keep.
Q. A hog is not a dog, you know - A. I asked him who the gentleman was; he said he had lost the direction, I gave him leave. I never had any before in my life. I immediately gave the hogs some clean water and some corn; he told me he would come again presently. After that he came again, he brought two large knives, and a thing that they scratch the hair off, he asked me to let him kill the pigs; I told him I was afraid these pigs were stolen; he offered me a guinea if I would let him kill them in the place; I told him I would not let him do it. I went to Gillmore, I told him I had two hogs, I suspected they were stolen.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . I am an officer belonging to Queen-square. On Tuesday, the 27th of June, Rowley came to me and related to me what he has related to your lordship, that he had two pigs, he suspected they were stolen; in consequence of which my brother officer and me went up to the place and saw the two pigs. As soon as we saw the pigs we saw the prosecutor in search of them, he said they had been stolen from his premises that morning. Rowley gave the description of the prisoner; he lived in Church-lane, Dyot-street, just by Rats Castle. In the evening we apprehended him. When I got him in a coach bringing him to Tothill-fields, I told him I apprehended him in consequence of two pigs he had taken to Rowley that morning; he then said he did not know Rowley, nor Mill-bank neither; he had not taken any pigs from any one; he would make me pay for his loss of time in taking him up; he had not seen any pigs of any body's.
Q. What is he - A. He is a man that goes about with a boar. The next morning Rowley brought me these things, which were brought to his house; I asked him if he knew these things; he said yes; and he recollected Rowley; then he said these things were his the two knives, the skuttle, steel, and three or four hooks; the prosecutor saw the pigs and identied them to be his property. They were the same pigs that I took away from Rowley.
Prosecutor. They were my pigs; I am sure of it.
Prisoner's Defence. Between the hours of six and seven o'clock I was going to a gentleman's house in Sun-yard, a man at Charing-cross met me, Appleby was coming past, he said, Jones, I wish you would drive these two pigs for me: he gave me the whip, told me to drive them to Mill-bank, Westminster, he would overtake me; he did, by Pit-street, he told me to go to Rowley's with these pigs, and to tell him I was come from Appleby; Rowley asked me three times over did Appleby send me with these pigs. When Appleby came he went and had some gin with him; he told him he would bring the tubs; he did; he said to the publican can you let me heat your copper; he said I cannot. Rowley said if you want a good joint of pork we can let you have it. I went to the Two Brewers with my hog; when I came back I went to Rowley's, I took my two knives, the scuttle, and two gambles; I said to Rowley, where is the man, he said he is gone; I said if the man is gone I shall not haul these pigs about myself, I am not able, and he may get somebody else, or I will come in the morning. Mr. Rowley saw him last.
Rowley. He had nobody with them but himself.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
