





54. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHITEHEAD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 18th of November
, seventy pounds weight of hemp, value 30s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hobart
                  



               
            , Esq.



Second Count. Charging it to be the property of 
               
                  Matthias 
                  Lucas
               



            .
Third Count Charging it to be the property of certain persons to the Jurors unknown.(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  JOHN 
                  ROGERS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are a waterman, employed by the Thames Police Office? - A. I am: In the night of the 18th of November, about a quarter before three in the morning, I saw the prisoner taking some hemp out of the lighter belonging to Mr. Lucas; there was another man with him; he put it into a boat that was lying along-side; I had seen the prisoner before that, a little after two in the morning; they saw the Police-boat coming, and they ran across the boats to the shore; we pursued them, and overtook them; we brought them back to the boat they had left, and found in it seventy pounds weight of hemp; I knew the prisoner before, I am sure he was one of the men.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. At what distance were you from the wherry at the time you suppose you saw him? - A. About six or seven yards.
Q. I take it for granted you told the men with you who the man was? - A. I told the man that sat next to me that there was Whitehead stealing hemp from the boat.
Q. How came you not to tell all the men that that was Whitehead; I thought it was sufficient to tell the man next me.


                  GEORGE 
                  COWEN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are the Thames Police surveyor? - A. I am; I was with the last witness; I saw the prisoner between two and three in the morning; we looked into his boat, but he had nothing in it, and I let him go: about a quarter before three, near the Hermitage-stairs, Rogers called out, there they are stealing hemp, and then said, there is Jack Whitehead; I saw two men run from a wherry, in which there was a quantity of hemp in a mat; the boat laid along-side Mr. Lucas's lighter; the prisoner was apprehended the next day at the Waterman's Arms; he had sent word by Mr. Isaacs, an attorney, that he should attend at the Office; he did not deny my having seen him the first time, but denied that he was the person that I afterwards saw.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You don't know that the man you afterwards saw was the prisoner? - A. I took notice of his dress; he had a blue jacket on, with white buttons, and the man with him had a brown jacket, a pair of thickset breeches, and white stockings; I did not see their faces.
Mr. Knapp. Have you any doubt of their being the same persons? - A. I have not.


                  ROBERT 
                  WARWICK
               



             corroborated the evidence of Rogers and Cohen.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley Q. Have you always gone by the name of Warwick? - A. My name is Warwick; I am called by several names; I have been a seafaring man.
Q. Were you ever known by the name of Harris? - A. Yes; and fifty people call me Harris now; there was an old man on board a ship who was a boatswain's yeoman, of the name of Harris, and I used to cook for him, and after that I was always called young Harris.
Q. Have you ever yourself been tried by the name of Harris? - A. No.
Q. By what name were you tried? - A. I was tried for an assault.
Q. Never for a felony? - A. Never.
- FOSTER sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Do you know to whom the hemp belonged that was in Mr. Lucas's lighter? - A. Yes; to Mr. William Hobart.
Court. It is sufficient for the purpose of this indictment, that it was in Mr. Lucas's lighter.
Foster. I examined the lighter the next day,and found one of the bundles of hemp plundered; there were about seventy pounds deficient; Mr. Lucas was employed by Mr. Hobart.


                  MATTHIAS 
                  LUCAS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are a lighterman? - A. I am I had several lighters lying off Brown's-quay; this lighter was one of them; it had Mr. Hobart's property on board.
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing about the hemp; I went to carry a sailor's chest and bedding on board the Aurora, which was under sailing orders, and, coming back, I saw these men, and I came ashore: the next morning my wife told me the Police-officers had been to search my house, and I immediately went to Mr. Isaacs, an attorney, and desired he would go to the Office, and say, I would surrender.
For the Prisoner.
RICHARD TOZER sworn. - I have known the prisoner seven years and upwards; he always bore a good character for honesty.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. He was always at work, was he? - A. Yes.
Q. Have you never known him to be in custody before? - A. Not to my knowledge.

Q. 
            Upon your oath, don't you know that he has been tried before? - A. I cannot say. I am sure.
Q. Did you never hear of it? - A. No.

Q. 
            Not he has never been missing for seven years? - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. Did you never hear that he was tried at the Assizes for the County of Surrey? - A. No.



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Lord Alvanley.
