





439. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS-STEELE 
                     BOND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of April
, a Bank-note, value 1000l. another Bank-note, value 500l. another Bank-note, value 500l. another Bank-note, value 200l. another Bank-note, value 100l. another Bank-note, value 100l. another Banknote, value 100l. another Bank-note, value 40l. and another Bank-note, value 20l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Alstone
                  




               
            .
(The indictment was stated by Mr. Knapp, and the case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)
The Right Hon. the LORD-MAYOR sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Was there a person who answered the description of the wife of the prisoner brought before your Lordship? - A. She was brought before me a few days after Good-Friday, previous to the prisoner being brought before me; Good-Friday was the day when I first signed the warrant; a man of the name of Miller gave me some notes that were taken from Mrs. Bond, a fifty pound note, and two of two pound; I have also got a Bank note of one thousand pound from Mr. Lawrence, the post-master, in the presence of Mrs. Bond, and given to me at her request; I have had them ever since. (Produces them.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALSTONE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a butcher
, at Rochester; I have known the prisoner some years, I employed him as a stock-broker
: On the 7th of April, I was at the Bank, when Mr. Bond came up to me, and asked me if I had a mind to sell out any stock to-day; I told him, no; he asked me several times whether I would sell out, and I refused; Mr. Bond then said I should clear a great deal of money by it; I told him I was thoroughly convinced of that, for I had, had a specimen of it before; Mr. Bond then said, I have bought 4000l. stock for Thursday the 10th of April, 2000l. at 63 7/8, and 2000l. at 64, in the 3 per cent. consols; Mr. Bond then said, if you will give me leave to sell out the 3000l. that you have in the 3 per cents. I can sell it out for 64 1/3, which he said would clear me 28l. clear money, besides his commission or brokerage, I am not sure which he said; I said, Mr. Bond, it is inconvenient for me to stay in town for 28l. says he, sure, it is worth coming twenty-eight miles for; we had some conversation, and I agreed that he should sell out 3000l. in the 3 per cent. consols; Mr. Bond, as he told me, tried so sell out for 64 1/3, but could not, upon which he applied to Mr. Lightfoot in my presence, and it was settled between them, but how and which way I do not know; Mr. Bond told me, that the stock was sold at 64 1/8, I saw Mr. Lightfoot give him one check or two, I cannot say which, upon the Bank, I think it was 1923l. 15s. for the 3000l. he gave me the produce of that stock, which was to clear me 28l. and I went home to Rochester; when we parted, he said, be sure to be in town on Thursday to take up that stock; on Thursday the 10th of April I returned to town, I was to be at the Bank at one o'clock; when I came to the Bank it was a little after one o'clock, I saw Mr. Bond, he said, we will go to the coffee. house and take a glass of wine; I said, with all my heart, for I had been wet coming up; I said to him, you are very warm, Mr.Bond, where have you been, the sweat was dropping from his checks; he said, I have been down to Billingsgate to see if you were come; says I, Mr. Bond, you are very warm indeed, going that little way; we went to the Bank coffee-house, and Mr. Bond called for half a pint of mulled wine; he took, a pen, ink, and paper, and reckoned the, money up, he made it come to 2552l. 10s. I paid him a 1000l note, a 500l. note, a 200l. note, and three of 100l. which made 200l. I then paid him a 500l. note more, a 40l. and a 20l note; I said, I want 7l. 10s. change, upon which he gave me 8l. I gave him half-a-guinea, and he gave me sixpence; I saw that Mr. Bond was hurt upon the business, he was all of a sweat at the time, he was all of a quiver; I said, Mr. Bond, you have got 100l. too much, tell those notes over again; I said that, because seeing him all of a shake and a quiver, I thought he was going to rob me of the money, I immediately thought I had done wrong; I desired him to count the notes over again, in order to snatch them away from him, but as I thought there were several gentlemen in the coffee-room, it might be taking his character away, and I never knew any harm of the man, I always took him to be a very honest good man; I made up my mind that I would not loose fight of him going out, we paid the reckoning and went away to the Bank; I took hold of his arm, I said to him, is the business done, Mr. Bond, meaning, was the stock transferred, he said, yes, it was.
Prisoner. Q. You will not stand there and swear that I said it was transferred? - A. I am stating facts; he said it was transferred, he did before God and man; upon that we went into the Bank together, arm in arm; when we came into the greathall, I withdrew my arm, or he withdrew his, I cannot say which; I then went to the transfer office of the 3 per cent. consols, where I was to have my receipt, as I expected the stock was transferred to me which he had purchased, as he told me; when I went there to the letter A. I missed Mr. 
               Bond
             all in a moment; I waited in the office for some time, then I went into the hall where the brokers are, but could not find him, I took all the pains that a man possibly could; I waited in the Bank from a little after one till after three without success; I then went down to Billingsgate to a house that I use, the Three-Tons, where he has dined with me, and enquired there without success; I then returned to the Bank, and went to the book, letter A. and made enquiry there, without success again, and from that time, till the day he was apprehended, the 24th of April, I never saw him, nor heard from him.
Q. Would you have entrusted him with that 2552l. for any other purpose than the transfer of that stock? - A. I would not; the money was going to be placed there to pay for an estate that I had purchased; I went from the Bank to the Borough, there I took my horse, and went over to Mr. Bond's house, on this side of New-Cross Turn pike, on the Deptsered road, near the Five-bells, he was not at home, but I saw Mrs. Bond.
Q. Look at that other letter? - A. That was brought to me, but I cannot say by whom; I have seen Mr. Bond write frequently, and I believe this to be his hand-writing, but I cannot swear that it is, Mrs. Bond was taken into the custody, I saw her before the Lord-Mayor; I gave information the next day, Good-Friday, the 11th, at Bow-street; I got it put in the hue and cry, and in all the papers, with 100l. reward for apprehending him; I was present when he was apprehended at the Bull and Mouth, in Bull and Mouth-street; I saw Carpmeal take some notes out of his pocket, and lay them upon the table, I did not see to what amount.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. The notes delivered up to the Lord-Mayor, and the notes taken by Carpmeal, amount to more than the money you paid to Mr. Bond? - A. Yes.
Q.You had employed the prisoner before, as your stock-broker? - A. Yes.
Q.Upon those occasions, have you always paid him a brokerage, or have you and he gone partners in buying and selling stock? - A. I know nothing of partners.
Q.Have you not shared together the profits of buying and selling stock? - A. I have not; I have merely paid him his commission as a broker; he never had any share with me in the purchase or sale of stock.
Q. Lightfoot was the person with whom Mr. Bond told you he had made the contract for the 4000l? - A. Just so.
Q. Did not Mr. Lightfoot give you some information, with respect to a contract made by Mr. Bond with him, for the sale of 4000l. stock? - A. - Yes, he did, that was on the Saturday.
Q. Did you receive any information from Lightfoot, respecting the 4000l. stock to be sold to you? - A. Yes, I did.


                  THOMAS 
                  CARPMEAL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am an officer belonging to Bow street: I apprehended the prisoner at the bar, on the 24th of April, about half past five in the morning, at the coffee-house of the Bull and Mouth, in Bull and Mouth-street: I followed the Carlisle mail-coach, to the Bull and Mouth, with Mr. Alstone, the prosecutor, in a post-chaise; Mr. Alstone and I got out of the post-chaise, I went into the coffee-room, and Mr. Alstone stood at the window, the front of the coffee-room is all window; upon seeing Mr. Alstone, Mr. Bond sat down to the table, and put his head down upon the table, resting his head upon his hands; I then went up to him, and told him, he was my prisoner; Mr. Alstone then came in, Mr. Bond then flew back towards the grate, and appeared to me to be looking for the poker; I then knocked him down, I pulled him up again, but he would not suffer me to search him; Mr. Alstone was so hurt, that he could not help me at all, he cried, and I thought would have fainted away; two waiters then came in and caught hold of one of his hands, then I tied his hands together and searched him, I found these notes in his right-hand breeches-pocket, amounting to 1500l. I delivered them to the Lord-Mayor, and the Lord-Mayor delivered them to me, they are the same notes; there are three of 100l. one of 200l. and two of 500l. Mr. Alstone said, were they his notes, or had he changed any; he said, yes, he had; there was another person with Mr. Bond; I then told him, there is a 1000l. notes recovered from your wife; he said, then there is enough, Mr. Alstone, to satisfy you; the notes and money were then reckoned up, and there was 6l. 12s. more than Mr. Alstone's money; we took him to Bow-street, and from Bow-street, before the Lord-Mayor.
Q. Had you ever seen Mr. Bond before he was taken up at any time? - A. I think I met him as I was coming to town from Litchfield, on the 10th of April; I have no doubt of it, I met him upon Finchley-common, about five o'clock in the evening, in a post-chaise, with a woman.
Q. That is the high north-road, is it not? - A. Yes.

Q. Have you any doubt that it was Mr. Bond that was in the chaise? - A. I will not swear positively.
Q. What reason had you to believe it was Mr Bond? - A. I had some conversation with him, when I apprehended him; I told him I met him on the Barnet-road, upon Finchley-common, and he said he was there.
Cross-examined by Mr. Balmanna. Q. Did the Carlisle mail-coach stop at the Post-office? - A. I do not know, I suppose it does; I believe they all do.
Q. Had not the prisoner an opportunity, if he had chosen it, to have got away before he came to the Bull and Mouth? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you conceive it to be remarkable, that a man who had travelled a long journey, should rest his head upon his hands? - A. It satisfied me that it was him.
The letter read, dated four o'clock; addressed"Mr. F. S. Bond, Peckham, Surry."
"Dear Nancy,"Inclosed is a Bank-note of one thousand"pounds value, which you will take off, from your"loving husband."
Mr. Gurney. Q. Is there not a space after the words take off?
Mr. Shelton. A. No, there is not.
Another letter read, dated 10th April, 1800.
"Dear Nancy,"Business of the utmost consequence to"me has taken place since I left home, which re-"quires without delay my going into Sussex; I"had not an opportunity of communicating it to"Mr. Alstone, whom I left at the Bank; I make"no doubt but he will call on you; pray inform"him that as soon as the business I am going on is"finished, I shall come home by the way of Ro-"chester, and call at his house. So conclude, with"love to you and the children.
"Your loving husband, F. S. Bond."
Mr. Knowlys. (To Alstone.) Q. Are these notes of the same amount and sum that you paid to Mr. Bond? - A. The 1500l. are in the same sums, every note that I paid to the prisoner; they agree in the numbers and dates, as well as the sums.
Q. Upon the 1000l. note do you now find any mark that you recollect, upon it? - A. I do, which I can safely swear to-1923l. 15s. which he sold me out the 3000l. stock for, in my own handwriting.
Q. Did you put those figures upon it before you delivered it over to the prisoner? - A. Yes, in his presence, on the 7th of April; and upon the 10th, I paid him that very note.
The prisoner called five witnesses, who had known him a great number of years, and gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 46.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
