





306. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ANNIS
                  



               
             was 


               indicted for a misdemeanor
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.


                  THOMAS 
                  PUGH
               



            . I live on the Pavement, Moorfields, in the city of London.
Q. In the month of November last had you occasion to export any articles to Antigua in the West Indies - A. Yes; on board the Russia Company, captain Grisdale; I employed the defendant as my shipping broker
, in consequence of the captain's recommendation; this was about the 5th of November.
Q. Where did you give Annis instructions to enter your goods - A. At Lloyd's coffee house.
Q. As shipping broker it would be his duty to makethe entry of the goods - A. I understood so.
Q. Did you give him, at the time he made the entry, a list of the goods that he was to enter - A. Yes.
Q. Was that list that you so gave to the defendant copied from that I give to you - A. It was, with the exception of one article of forty pounds. (The paper read.)
COURT. How much do it make in all - A. Four hundred and forty pounds sixteen shillings.
Q. One article, 5 T H, the sum was not put down in the paper that you gave him - A. No, it was not. I said to him there were several articles in that trunk, he must put down what was necessary.
Q. Did he, from your dictation, put down the articles in that trunk - A. He did; I told him what value to put upon that trunk; forty pounds.
Q. Therefore then it became a complete copy of this - A. Yes, it did.
Q. After you had given him these instructions did you yourself take the goods to the West India docks - A. I did; he said he would meet me there if he could. On Tuesday the 5th of November I took the goods; I did not find him there; I left the goods there.
Q. How soon after did you see him - A. I think, to the best of my recollection, I did not see him till Saturday the 12th, he came to me at my house in Moorfields, he came into the shop; he said he brought his little bill and put it down on the counter.
Q. Is that the bill which he brought to you - A. Yes, that is it. (The bill read.)
"London, November 9th, 1808, Mr. Pugh to 
               
                  John 
                  Annis
               



            , nine shillings and six pence convoy duty on three hundred and thirty four pound; thirteen pounds eight shillings commission on three hundred and ninety four pounds sixteen shillings; and two pounds, making a total of fifteen pounds sixteen shillings and six pence; settled, 
               
                  John 
                  Annis
               



            ."
Q. At the time that he produced this to you did you make any observation of convoy duty three hundred and thirty four pounds sixteen shillings, and commission three hundred and ninety four pounds sixteen shillings - A. Yes, I did; he said the commission was always paid upon the whole sum, though the duty was not; the linen and cotton went free.
Q. Upon his stating this to you did you give him any money - A. Yes; I paid him the amount; I paid him eleven pounds in notes, four guineas and a half in gold, half a crown, and six pence; I believe I asked him where the paper was that I had given him to enter the goods by; he said he had mislaid it; I asked him if the business was done, and how it came to be so long before it was done, and whether they were put on board; he said no, they were not, but that they should be done, that he would go down to the docks that morning and get them on board.
COURT. Did he say the entry was made - A. He had charged the entry; he told me that the goods were not put on board, but he would take care and put them on board that morning; this was Saturday the 12th of November; I told him I wanted to see him again, and where I should see him; he said he would meet me at Lloyd's that day at four o'clock; I met him that day at Lloyd's, I asked him if the business was done; he said no, some part of them was opened; I said for God's sake, for what reason; he told me to be quiet and easy and all would be well about them, that he should see me again on Monday, he would give me a better account of them.
Mr. Gurney. Did any thing then pass about the entry - A. No, nothing at all. On Monday the 14th of November we met again at Lloyd's, I asked him if they were then put on board the ship: he said no, they were not, but that all but the linen were stopped and opened; I said it was very odd they should be opened, for what reason: he said be still and quiet, and if nothing was said to them it should all be right again; I told him I could not think of any reason why they should be stopped; he told me if I would be quiet he would put all to rights again.
Q. How soon did you meet him again - A. I saw him again at the custom house; I went down to the custom house and enquired about the goods; that was on Wednesday the 16th I saw him again.
Q. Did you find that your goods had been stopped - A. I found that they had been seized by the officer.
Q. Was it stated in the prisoner's presence on what ground they had been seized - A. No, I believe not.
MR. MILLER. Q. You are a collector of customs for the port of London; of the customs outward for the port of London - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember the defendant, Annis, coming to make any entry of goods on the 11th of November last - A. No, I cannot; I have some hundreds come to me on a day.
Q. Look at this paper - A. This is my hand writing.
Q. You saw that signed - A. I dare say I did; I believe it to be signed in my presence.
Q. This is a declaration of the value of the goods for the purpose of exportation, for what purpose is that entry made - A. For the several duties; one in the middle is the convoy duty upon that entry; I cannot speak to that.
Mr. Const. That is your hand writing, that is all you prove - A. Yes.
Q. When the defendant made an entry of this before you, he put the value of the goods, you put the charge from the value of the goods - A. Yes; the exporter makes it out and I sign it; that is my hand writing.
MRS. FAVEY. Q. Have you had any opportunity of knowing the defendant, Annis's, hand writing - look at that and see whether you believe that to be his hand writing - A. I did not see him write it; I believe it to be his hand writing.
Q. Look at that and tell me also whether you believe that to be his hand writing - A. I believe that to be his hand writing.
Q. Now look at that, that is another paper, do you believe that to be his hand writing - A. I cannot say as dto that; I do not think that to be his hand writing. (The receipt read.)
"Russia Company, 
               
                  William 
                  Grisdale
               



            , Antigua, British bottom; 
               
                  John 
                  Annis
               



            ; Irish linen, one hundred and twenty five pounds; two hundred weight of wrought iron, wearing apparel in packages, total value sixty nine pounds ten shillings; I, 
               
                  John 
                  Annis
               



            , do declare that I enter the said goods, value sixty nine pounds tenshillings; witness my hand, 
               
                  John 
                  Annis
               



            ; signed in the presence of J. Miller."


                  JOSHUA 
                  STURTING CROSSLEY
               



            . Q. I believe you are one of the searchers of the customs for the port of London - A. I am.
Q. Is this the copy of the entry of these goods for Mr. Pugh, that was entered, shipped on board the Russia Company - A. It is. (The entry read.) Total value sixty nine pounds ten shillings; signed 
               
                  John 
                  Annis
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  DODSON
               



            . Q. Did you receive the convoy duty on these goods - A. I did.
Q. That is at the rate of four per cent - A. It is.
Q. What is the sum received - A. Two pounds sixteen shillings as the duty upon the value of sixty nine pounds ten shillings.
Q. You received the money of whom - A. That I cannot tell. I signed the receipt at the time.
Q. Did you receive any other money upon these goods than that two pounds sixteen shillings - A. Not upon the account of these goods.
Mr. Alley. What is the date of that - A. The 8th of November, 1808. The cotton went duty free.
Mr. Const. What did this case contain - A. Wearing apparel and leather, sixty nine pounds ten shillings.
Q. Is there any thing upon the face of that of three hundred and sixty four pounds eight shillings - A. Not at all.
Mr. Gurney. Does that paper contain the marks of all the packages to be shipped on board - is there not the mark of every article - A. There is.
Q. The person that exports he declares the value so declared - A. He does, he pays upon the warrant; I have only received for the value of sixty nine pounds ten shillings and no more.
Q. to Crossley. You told me before you were one of the searchers - A. I am.
Q. Did you search the goods that are contained in that declaration - A. I did.
Q. Marked in the described there - A. Justly so.
Q. Did you observe the sum in which they were entered - A. I did, sixty nine pounds ten shillings.
Q. In consequence of the smallness of that value did you open the goods - A. I did, and I found them to be of large value.
Q. What did you find the real value of these goods entered sixty nine pounds ten shillings - A. Perhaps three or four hundred pounds, or more; vastly exceeding the entry; I thereupon seized them.
Q. After you had so seized them did Mr. Annis come to you - A. He did, and his excuse was that in the hurry of business he had committed the error.
Q. You knew he was a person acting as a shipping broker - A. I never saw him before this transaction.
Mrs. Favey. I believe you shipped some goods on board the Russia Company, and employed Annis to ship them as broker - A. Yes.
Q. I want to know whether the articles A. F. a trunk of ironmongery and sadlery were your property - A. That was my property; he entered it as ironmongery; they was shoes.
Q. Upon forty nine pounds ten shillings the duty would be two pounds would it - A. Yes.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. justice Heath.
