







486. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COLLETT
                  , alias 
PUTTY




            , 
               
                  HENRY 
                  HAYES
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HAYES
                  



               
             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of April

, a trunk, value 3l. thirty-two yards, of cambric, value 20l. a gold seal, value 1l. 10s. a knife, value 1l. a gold snuff-box, set with diamonds, value 400l. a tortoise-shell snuff-box, set in gold, value 7l. a diamond necklace, value 200l. a diamond pin for the hair, value 250l. a diamond breast-pin, value 15l. another diamond pin, value 12l. a diamond cross, value 50l. another cross, set with diamonds and emeralds, value 30l. a pair of ear-rings, set with diamonds and pearls, value 50l. a pair of ear-rings, set with pearls, value 5l. a diamond ring, value 35l. another diamond ring, value 10l. a pearl necklace, value 12l. a pair of mother of pearl ear-rings, set with marquisites, value 8l. a breast-pin, set with pearls, value 5l. a pair of gold shoe-buckles, value 25l. a pair of gold kneebuckles, value 11l. a garnet necklace, value 5l. a fan, value 20l. another fan, value 3l. two pair of shoe-buckles, value 20l. six pearl pins, value 15l. a gold thimble, value 2l. a pair of gold sleeve buttons, value 2l. a miniature picture, set in gold, value 10l. a cocoa-nut milk-pot, inlaid and set with silver, value 10l. five silver tea-spoons, value 2l. a silver tea-strainer and tongs, value 1l: 5s. a silver tea-caddy-spoon. value 3s. two silver table spoons, value 1l. 10s. two paste pins, value 2l. a silk purse, value 2s. a piece of foreign gold coin, called a double Jouis d'or, value 2l. twenty-four pieces of foreign silver coin, value 2l. 10s. thirty-six napkins, value 18s. two pocket-books, value 5s. three shirts, value 2l. 10s. three shifts, value 2l. three petticoats, value 2l. two neck-handkerchiefs, value 10s. four pocket-handkerchiefs, value 10s. two lady's frills, value 30s. a green necklace and chain, value 5l. a pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 2l. and a pair of silk stocking-breeches, value 2l. 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John-Christian 
                     Weppler
                  



               
            , and the other two for 


               receiving the same goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            .(The indictment was opened by Mr. Clifton, and the case by Mr. Raine.)
JOHN-CHRISTIAN WEPPLER sworn. - Examined by Mr. Clifton. Q. On Wednesday, the 29th of April, I believe you arrived at Billingsgate, from Gravesend? - A. Yes; about six o'clock in the evening I got a cart procured for me to carry my luggage and my trunks.
Q. Did you see the trunk in question put into the cart? - A. I did; it was put at the tail of the cart; I ordered the carman to proceed to the York Hotel, Blackfriars; I went up to the Monument with my wife, and a young lady under my protection, and procured them a coach; I went down with the cart to the York Hotel; the house was full, and I could not procure lodgings; I ordered them to go on to Adam-street, Adelphi; I was obliged to leave the cart to go after lodgings, and when I got into Covent-garden, where I got lodgings, I missed my trunk; I don't think I saw it after I left the Adelphi; it was then near eight o'clock.
Q. What kind of trunk was it? - A. A red leather trunk, under a black cover, marked J. C. Weppler; it was made in St. Paul's Church-yard; it had brass nails to it; the trunk contained all the articles mentioned in the indictment.
Q. Was there a gold snuff-box set with diamonds, value 400l.? - A. Yes; set with two rows of diamonds; a diamond necklace, value 200l. a diamond pin for the hair, value 250l. a cross set with emeralds, a garnet necklace, two pieces of cambric, thirty-six napkins, twenty-four pieces of foreign coin, in the best of my recollection it was Spanish coin, an American dollar, some Spanish pieces, and a double foreign louis d'or.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q.You are quite sure this trunk had your name at lenght, J. C. Weppler, upon it? - A. Yes.
Q. You described the loss of some cambric? - A. Yes.
Q. You advertised your loss, offering a reward, did you not? - A. Yes; one hundred pounds at first, and afterwards one hundred and fifty guineas.
Q. In any of your advertisements did you describe cambric? - A. No; it was omitted, and there are some articles omitted now.
Q. You are not certain that you saw the trunk after you left the York Hotel? - A. No.
Q. That is in the city of London? - A. Yes.
ELIZABETH SMITH sworn. - Examined by Mr. Raine. Q. Did you, towards the latter end of April, leave the service of the two Hayes's? - A. I went to them the 3d of March, and came away the 4th of May.
Q. Do you remember, eight or ten days before you left Hayes's, seeing the soldier at the bar? - A. Yes; he came in on the Wednesday night, I left them on the Thursday in the week following; on the Wednesday night, about eight o'clock, he came in, and asked Mrs. Hayes to lend him a half-crown piece directly; he went out directly and came in again with a red leather trunk, with a brass plate at top; I saw J. C. and a W.; I did not see the other letters, for they were small; my mistress and the man then went up stairs directly; my master was not present; he might be up stairs, but I cannot say whether he was or not; there was company up stairs; I believe he was, but I cannot swear it; my mistress was up stairs with the man, ten minutes or a quarter of an hour; they came down stairs together and went into the bar; I heard him ask my mistress what she would give; my mistress offered him five pounds first, then he wanted more; then they bargained six guineas; the money was paid the next day; she said the mother of pearl was not of so much value as the gold and silver; I did not hear any more conversation; then I went into the tap-room, and he called for a pint of beer.
Court. Q. Was the bargain for six guineas made that night? - A. Yes; six guineas and a pound in halfpence, it was to be seven guineas all but one shilling; after he was gone, I went into the taproom, and saw some silver and other articles lying upon her lap; there was a diamond necklace and a pearl necklace, they were lapped in wool or fine cotton; I made the observation to my mistress when I was drawing the beer, I said, Lord, ma'm, what a handsome diamond necklace that is, and she bid me go into the tap-room, and mind my business; the child was looking over them while her mother was in the bar; when they came in again, the child had the pearl necklace in her hand, and a pair of ear-rings, a pair of pearl ear-rings and diamond drops; I saw no more that night; the next morning, about nine o'clock, Mrs. Hayes sent her child to Mrs. Hinton.
Q. Did you, that evening, observe the husband looking at any of the things? - A. No, I did not; the next morning, Mrs. Hayes sent the pearl earrings, and the pearl drops to Mrs. Hinton, which she returned again in a few minutes, saying, none of them would suit her; them Mrs. Hinton came to our house soon after, she was looking the goods over upon my mistress's knee, in the bar, but whether she said any thing, I do not know.

Q. What did you see? - A. A diamond necklace, and a gentleman's diamond pin, a shirt pin; I saw another in a kind of a rose, for the hair, in the shape of a half-moon; after Mrs. Hinton, the soldier came in.
Court. Q. Should you know him again? - A. Yes, that is him; I went to draw some more beer for the tap-room, and I heard her pay down the money.
Mr. Raine. Q. Where did you draw the beer? - A. My mistress said, come, Mr. Putty, you had better take your money, that was a nick-name that he had; I did not know his name was Collet, till he was taken up; my mistress gave him six guineas in gold and silver, and a pound in halfpence; he tied them up in a silk handkerchief; my mistress asked him if he would not have a bit of something to eat, he staid about half an hour after he had his money.
Q. During all this time your master never was present? - A. No, he was not.
Q. Was this on the Thursday? - A. Yes; on the Friday I saw some napkins on the table in the bar, my mistress was there, and Nathan the Jew, was there.
Q. Do you know a Jew of the name of Harris Henry? - A. Yes.
Q. You don't mean him, do you? - A. No.
Q. How many napkins were there? - A. I cannot say, there were a good many.
Q. Did Nathan take any away? - A. Not that I know.
Q. When did Harris Henry come? - A. On the Sunday evening; I heard him tell my mistress that he was engaged, and he went out, and my mistress asked him to come again about eight or nine o'clock, and he said he would, and he did, but he did not have any thing.
Q. Were you ever present when he had any thing? - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. (Counsel for Collett.)
Q. You went into the service of Hayes, the 3d of March? - A. Yes.
Q. Were you ever in service before? - A. Not in London.
Q. Did you go with a character? - A. Yes.
Q. How long was it before you gave any account of this? - A. The first time I said any thing about it, was to a neighbour, a Mrs. King.
Q. How soon was this after? - A. On the Sunday night, it was in the newspaper.
Q. When did you leave your mistress? - A. On Thursday, the 4th of May.
Court. No, Thursday was the 7th.
Witness. My master gave me warning the very day that the trunk came in.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Warning was given before the trunk came in? - A. Yes.
Q. Had there not been some quarrel between you and your master, before you left the house? - A. All the quarrel my master and I ever had, was, that I put too many coals on the fire; he said, why did I not go and sift the cinders; he wanted me to go and do it after I was clean, and I said, if he would buy a riddle, I would do it every day, properly.
Q. And there was no other ground of quarrel but that? - A.No.
Q. How came you not to mention it before you told it to Mrs. King? - A. I should not have told her of it, if she had not mentioned it to me first.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. (Counsel for Hayes.) Q. You came to Mrs. Hayes from the country? - A. Yes.
Q. How old are you? - A. Twenty-one.
Q. Where did you lodge first when you came to London? - A. I lodged with the soldier.
Q. How long did you lodge with that soldier? - A. Five weeks.
Q. Were you ever out of England? - A. I did go with an officer and his family, from Sheffield.
Q. Did not you go with one of the soldiers upon the expedition? - A. No.
Q. Who did you come back with? - A. His wife, she and I went a great way with him, and came back to Liverpool.
Q. Did you go on shore any where out of England? - A. No.
Q. How have you lived since you came back from that expedition? - A. At Sheffield; I have worked at the scissars business, and the silk business, and the cotton business.
Q. Where have you lived since? - A. I staid at the soldier's a week, and then I have been at the Brown-bear, in Bow-street, ever since.
Q. That is opposite the Public-office? - A. Yes.
Q. Who pays for your board and lodging? - A. Mr. Weppler.
Court. That is very proper.
Q. Have you ever heard, that if you convict these parties, you shall have a good share of one hundred and fifty guineas? - A. No, I never did; I never heard of any reward; I have heard of a reward upon the goods, but I don't go upon that; it came out very seriously to the soldier, and he said, I will go and give information.
Mr. Raine. Q. What is the name of the soldier in whose house you have lodged? - A. John Day.
Q. Is he married? - A. Yes, he has a wife and five children with him.
Q. How long have you lived under the protection of this man and his wife and family? - A. I lived there from the night I came away from Hayes's, till the City-officers saw me ill used, and then they took me, yesterday was a fortnight, I went there to fetch me some clean clothes, about two o'clock in the day, and there came five womenthat used to use Hayes's house, and ill used me and beat me.
Q. How long has Day been known to your friends? - A. Eighteen years; I lodged with his father and mother, at Sheffield.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. This house where you lived is in White-cross-street? - A. It is situated in Red-lion-market.
Q. Do not you know that the house is part in London, and part in Middlesex? - A. Yes, I do know that, but I don't know which.


                  JOHN 
                  SAYERS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Clifton. I am a officer of Bow-street; on the 8th of May, I went, in consequence of a search-warrant, to the house of the prisoner Hayes, in company with two or three other officers; Mrs. Hayes was in the bar; I immediately desired her to walk out of the bar and go up stairs with me, which she did; I asked her to be so kind as to pull the things out of her pocket, and lay them upon the table, and either the prosecutor, or one of the officers, I am not certain which, pulled this handkerchief off the table; the prosecutor said, that is my handkerchief; I immedaitely desired him to put it down upon the table, and to middle with nothing there; upon going further I found this rose, wrapped up in a small bit of paper; afterwards we proceeded to search the house, and we found nothing else, but, at Bow-street, it struck me that the child, Mrs. Hayes's daughter, had not been searched, and upon her I found this little bit of money, which the prosecutor said he believed to be his; I also apprehended Collett, and afterwards searched his lodgings, before we went to Mrs. Hayes's; I went to Knight bridge barracks with his serjeant, where I apprehended him; he took me to his own lodgings, in company with Gibbs, one of the patroles; we searched the lodgings in company with the prosecuter, and found nothing but some money in box, which was brought away, I believe twenty-two or twenty-three guineas, or thereabouts; I afterwards took Mr. and Mrs. Hayes.
HARRIS HENRY sworn. - Examined by Mr. Raine. I have known the prisoner, Hayes, two years, when they used to keep a shop to sell old clothes, I used to serve them, they now keep a public-house; on a Thursday, the latter end of April, Mrs. Hayes called me, and asked me if I wanted to buy any napkins, she produced thirty-three napkins, I was to look at them; she was called out, and desired me to take them home, and see if they would suit me; I was to have two dozen of the, and the other nine she said I must bring her back; I took nine back to her the next day; she asked me four shillings a piece, and took three shillings and six pence a piece.
Court. Q. What are they worth? - A. Four shillings and six-pence, or four shillings.
Q. Did you tell them for four shillings - A. I sold five of them at four shillings; I went on the Tuesday and paid her for them.
Mr. Raine. Q. Did you at any time see her husband? - A. No.
Q. You sold five? - A. Yes.
Q. What became of the remaining nineteen? - A. Mr. Miller, the officer, had them from me.(
               
                  John 
                  Miller
               



            , the officer, produced nineteen napkins and a piece of cambric).
Henry. These are the napkins I bought of Mrs. Hayes; when I went to pay her for the napkins, the asked me if I wanted to buy a piece of cambric; I said, I shall see, if I can agree with you I will buy it; I went up stairs with her.
Q. Was her husband up stairs? - A. No; she called him up.
Q. Who measured the cambric? - A. I cannot recollect; she said, there were fifteen yards of it.
Q. Was the husband there when it was measured? - A. I cannot say; she asked me half-a-guinea a yard for the cambric, I bid her eight shillings, but I did not understand it myself; I paid her for it on the Tuesday following.
Q. What did you sell it for? - A. Nine shillings a yard; I afterwards bought thirteen yards more of her at eight shillings a yard, which Miller had from me; this is the same cambric that I had from Mrs. Hayes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are a dealer in old clothes? - A. Yes.
Q. Were you taken up? - A. Yes.
Q. Taken to Bow-street? - A. Yes.
Q. And you were questioned about napkins? - A. I was.
Q. Then, at Bow-street, you told the story you have told now? - A. No.
Q. You produced the same napkins? - A. They sent for the napkins.
Q. Where did you deliver those napkins to Miller? - A. At Bow-street.
Q. You were taken up at your own house? - A. Yes; on the Sunday.
Q. How long had you been in custody when you delivered up those napkins? - A. Two days.
Q. You began to be a little alarmed? - A. No.
Q. Did you not tell them, over and over again, that you never did buy any napkins of Mrs. Hayes? - A. I did.
Mr. Weppler. This handkerchief has had my name marked in it, and it has been cut out; here is a hole that was in it when it was new, and is darned up; I know this garnet, there were twenty-seven of them in the trunk, loose in a paper, they formed a necklace, intermixed with rose diamonds, I putted it to pieces and took away the rose diamonds, I have not the smallest doubt of its being mine; this Spanish coin I believe to have been among mine, I had six or eight of them; there are more of the same sort but I believe it to be mine;there is a hole through it, and I had one with a hole through it; I brought it with me from Jamaica, where I was an inhabitant nineteen years; the marks upon this piece of cambric have been torn off, but I can swear pretty certainly that it is my cambric, by the quality; it is not a piece such as are sold in the shops here, I bought it at Amsterdam; this is in the raw state as it came from the bleach; when it is done up, and calendered for the shops, it is put up in squarres; I have here the table-cloth that belongs to these napkins, I bought them together at Amsterdam.(Miss 
               
                  Mary 
                  Arnold
               



             also identified the handkerchief and the napkins).


                  THOMAS 
                  LAWRENCE
               



             sworn. - I am one of the marshalmen, I was with Sayer: I went, in consequence of a warrant from Bow-street, backed in the City, to Hayes's house; the back part of the house is in the City, the other part is in Middlesex; the bar is in the county of Middlesex.
Collett's defence. I am innocent of the charge laid to me; I leave the rest to my Counsel.
Collett called his serjeant, and one other witness who had known him eighteen years, and gave him a good character.
Collett, 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  Mary 
                  Hayes
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .


                  Henry 
                  Hayes
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
