





323. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of March
, two pounds weight of hyson tea, value 16 s.
             the property of 
               
Messrs.
 
                  Twynings



            .
(The case was stated by Mr. Reynolds.)


                  RICHARD 
                  RICHARDS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Reynolds. I am in the service of Messrs. Twynings.
Q. What is the firm of the house? - A. Richard, John, and 
               
                  George 
                  Twyning
               



            : On the 5th of March, about half past one, the prisoner at the bar came into the shop, and asked for a quarter of a pound of eight shilling tea, for which he gave me half-a-crown; I told him he would get it changed at the accompting-house; I observed what he had been doing, he went to the accompting-house, I then desired 
               
                  John 
                  Parker
               



             to secure him; I saw his handkerchief thrown over a parcel containing two pounds of ten shilling green tea, which was directed to Mr. Rawen; he had taken it up, and put it under his arm, and directly the porter and I laid hold of him, he let it drop; he asked me why I stopped him; I said, for the two pounds of tea he had under his arm.



                  GEORGE 
                  HEWINGTON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Reynolds. I took hold of the prisoner, and he dropped the tea between me and him; he had the tea under his arm inside of his coat, I produce the tea.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Do you mean to swear whether he had it under his coat or under his arm? - A. He had the tea in a handkerchief.
Q. My question is, will you undertake to swear it was under his coat, and not outside of his coat under his arm? - A. It was under the inside of his coat, I could not see it till afterwards.
Q. Is that Mr. Twvning's tea? - A. It is.
Prisoner's defence. My Lord, I went into Mr. Twyning's shop to purchase some tea, my wife not being able to go herself; I met with a friend by the way, I drank rather too freely, and became intoxicated; I gave the young man half-a-crown to change, he went away from me, and then accused me of taking the tea; it was never in my possession, there was some fell down, but not from me, I never had it under my arm.



               GUILTY
            , aged 49.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
