





212. 
               
                  ANN, the wife
 of JOSEPH SPOONER
               




            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of February
, a pewter quart pot, value 1s. and a pewter pint pot, value 8d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Everitt
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  EVERITT
               



             sworn. - I keep the Red Lion
 in Portland-street, Soho


; I can only swear to the property.
ANN IVES sworn. - On Saturday, the 6th of this month, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, the prisoner at the bar was sent to fetch some pots to scour; I live in the house in which my aunt lives, who employs the prisoner; she was sent to Mr. Everitt's, and, on her return, about half past nine o'clock, I saw her come on tip-toe, into the passage of the house where my aunt lives; she took the basket from off her head, and placed it on the bannisters of the one pair of stairs; from there she placed it in the passage against the back parlour door; she took either a pint or a quart pot out of the basket, but her hand concealing a part of it, I could not tell which, and put it into her pocket; after that she went down stairs, and, on my going down, I met her coming up stairs again to fetch some more pots from another house to be cleaned; she took down the remainder of the pots, and brought up an empty basket to fetch another load; upon her return back with that load, it was not then ten o'clock, I said to her, Mrs. Spooner, you must now deliver to me the property that you have in your pocket belonging to Mr. Everitt; upon that she refused, and very stoutly resisted; I then said, I saw her put pots in her pocket; she then pulled out a small pocket; I said, upon my soul, that will not do, I saw you put pots in your pocket; I then shook her by the side, and, to my great surprise, these two pots sell out of her pocket; I did not expect to find more than one; I, not knowing the law, was afraid to take them, and made her return them to the; she gave me a pint first, and then a quart; when she had given them, she said, there, now you have got them, you can neither prove me a thief, nor yet transport me. (The pots were produced, and identified by Everitt.)
Prisoner's defence. I went to Mr. Everitt's, the basket would not hold all the pots, and I put these into my pocket; I did not take them out of the house; but when Mrs. Ives charged me with it, I gave her them directly; I had worked a year and a half for her aunt; she said she would transport me, and if she could not Mr. Everitt should.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CARTER
               



             sworn. - I found this piece of pewter in the prisoner's pocket, warm, it appeared to have been just melted; I took her to the Marlborough-street-office; I then went with the officer to her lodgings, she gave me the key, and we found this shovel, in which pewter appeared to have been melted, (produces it); there are the remains of pewter in the shovel.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Hotham
               



            .
