





790. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COWARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of August
, a pocketbook, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Tilden
                  




               
            .
(The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.)


                  JOHN 
                  TILDEN
               



             sworn. - On the 18th of August last, about one o'clock, I was in Cheapside


, with my wife and her sister, who were walking behind me; I found something gone from my pocket; Mrs. Tilden said, immediately,
"Your pocketbook;" I turned round, and saw a man running from me, across the street; I pursued him down Lawrence-lane, and followed him into King-street, where he took to the right hand of a stand of coaches; I got very near him, and he ran between two hackney coaches, rather under the poll of one; two ticket-porters caught him, and he was taken to Guildhall; my pocket-book was picked up and given to Mrs. Tilden; the person taken is the prisoner; I am quite sure that the prisoner is the person taken by them, and the person I saw first running.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You had never seen the person of the man before he ran from you? - A. No; I had not seen him.
Q. The street was very full of people; was it not? - A. As full as in general; he was the man that I saw running; there were others running about twenty yards from him, after him; he run down Lawrence-lane and Trump-street.
Q. Did you not lose sight of him turning the corners? - A. I was within fifteen or twenty yards from him.
Q. Were there not other people running? - A. Yes.
Q. Were there none who made the turning before you and the prisoner? - A. I will not swear there was not; I kept crying stop thief.


                  JANE 
                  TILDEN
               



             sworn. - On the 18th of August I was walking with my sister, in Cheapside; Mr. Tilden was before me two or three yards; a man passed between me and a shop window, rather roughly, which induced me to look up; he put his arm a-kimbo, and I looked at his face; I know him again; the prisoner is the man; I saw two men join him; he was the middle of the three; he put his hand in my husband's coat-pocket, which was open; I left my sister's arm, and took hold of his coat with one hand, and with the other touched Mr. Tilden's shoulder, and said, Mr. Tilden, your pocket or pocket-book, I don't know which; the prisoner slew from my husband, and run away, and Mr. Tilden pursued him; I stepped into a shop, and Mr. Tilden's pocket-book was brought to me by a gentleman; I saw the prisoner again before the sitting Alderman, and knew him again.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You were much alarmed? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see any thing in his hand? - A. No.
Q. You never saw him before that day? - Q. No.
Q. Being alarmed, do you mean to swear to the person of the man? - A. I do, because his face made such an impression on me, when he passed me.
Q. Are you sure he was the person who had his hand in the pocket? - A. I am sure he is.
Q. Notwithstanding your alarm? - A. Yes; because I particularly observed him.
Mr. Gurney. Q. Are you sure the man who passed you was the man who put his hand in your husband's pocket? - A. I am positive.


                  JOHN 
                  ADLEBACK
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to the house of Ripley, in the city: On the 18th of August, I was in King-street, and heard the cry of stop thief, and saw a person coming between the coaches, who threw a pocket-book away; the person who run through the coaches was stopped, and I believe it to be the prisoner.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. The person Mr. Tilden pursued was stopped? - A. Yes.
Q. Whether the prisoner you cannot swear? - A. No. (The book produced and identified).
Prisoner's defence. I had been to Newgate-market, and just by King-street there was a cry of stop thief; I dropped my piece of meat, which I had in my hand, by the pushing of the people, and away I run as fast as any of them; upon which they took me, and said I was the thief.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who first gave him a good character; but upon the cross-examination of Mr. Gurney, three acknowledged he had been transported. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
