





607. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PUNCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of September
, a cloth coat, value 10d. a waistcoat, value 5s. a pair of breeches, value 6s. a shirt, value 3s. a neckcloth, value 6d. two pair of stockings, value 2s. a looking-glass, value 1s. a brush, value 2d. a hone, value 2d. a pair of gloves, value 6d. a prayer-book, value 6d. a hat, value 6s. and a stick, value 1d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Hinchley
                  




               
            .
MICHAEL HINCHLEY sworn. - I am a 
labouring man


, as well as the prisoner; we lodged and slept together: Last Monday week, in the afternoon, I missed the articles which I had seen in the morning; I saw them again in Ruffell-street, when the prisoner was taken the same evening; I never lent them to the prisoner, or did I owe him any thing.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not lend me a stick the Saturday before? - A. Yes.


                  THOMAS 
                  HATCH
               



             sworn. - I am a journeyman carpenter: I was going home to Stoke Newington; I saw the prisoner on the road with the cloaths in a bundle, on a stick over his shoulder, coming from Stoke Newington to London, between seven and eight in the evening; his master rode after him, and gave charge; I stopped him, and he threw the bundle into a ditch; the prisoner rather denied it when his master charged him with the robbery; he said, no, sir, they are not his things, and dropped them; I picked them up, and the watchman and I took him to the Office; he had the prosecutor's hat on.(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's defence. I went out and got drunk; he owed me money, and I took the things for it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
