






461. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  FRY
               




             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of February
, fifty-four black lead pencils, value 9s. a wooden ink-stand, value 8s. a pewter ink-stand, value 6d. three silver folders, value 1s. 6d. two pair of silver buttons, value 10d. and nine pencil tops, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Barrett
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BARRETT
               



             Sworn. - I am a widow, and keep a shop
 in Portugal-street, Lincoln's-Innfields


: On Wednesday, the 23d of February, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was sitting in the parlour behind the shop, opposite the shop-door, I heard the letch lift up, and not seeing any one there, I did not go into the shop; I thought I heard something again; I went into the shop, and my neighbour, Mr. Clarke, came to the door, and enquired if I had lost any thing; I immediately missed the ink-stands and pencils from the counter, near the door; I saw them again at Bow-street the next morning; I know them to be mine.


                  RICHARD 
                  LIMBRICK
               



             Sworn. - I am one of the patrol belonging to Bow-street: On the 23d of February, as I was going through the passage of Lincoln's Inn, the two prisoners ran across from Portugal-street towards Lincoln's Inn; the prisoner, Fry, had this ink-stand, (producing it,) which struck against the upright iron bar going into the passage.
Q.How far might they be from Mrs. Barrett's house? - A.Not more than thirty or forty yards; some of the things fell off the ink-stand, and they both stooped to pick them up; I laid hold of the ink-stand, and asked Fry what he had got; he said nothing, and immediately let go, and ran away; then White got up, and I laid hold of him, and searched him; I found under his coat these pencils,(producing them;) from there I took him to the watch-house; about half past twelve o'clock, in company with Christopher Jones and Michael Lee, I went to Fry's lodgings, and took him out of bed.
MICHAEL LEE Sworn. - I was with Limbrick and Jones at the apprehending of Fry.(The property was identified by Mrs. Barrent.)
Fry's defence. I had had a drop too much; this young man dropped the pencils; I picked them up, and before I could give them to him, Mr. Limbrick laid hold of me.
The prisoner, White, did not say any thing in his defence.
Fry called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Fry, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.
White, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
