






 213. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     DUFF
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 14th of February
, a great coat, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Pelham 
                  Bradbrook
               




            .
PELHAM BRADBROOK. I am a gentleman's servant
; I live at No. 34, Argyle street


.
Q. What day was it you lost your great coat. - A. On Saturday last the 14th of February. There are great folding doors between the street and the table, where the coats were laying upon.
Q. Why do you accuse the prisoner of taking it. - A. He came at half past nine o'clock and rang the bell; he said there was a chaise ordered for Mr. Warren at ten o'clock on Sunday morning, and he came to know where they were to go to, as Mr. Shephard forgot to ask him. I said I do not think there was one ordered, he said he was sure there was. I went to the pantry to ask the butler whether there was one ordered; in the mean time he went off with the great coat; the butler pursued him. I have seen the coat again.
Prisoner. Can you swear that I went and took the coat from the hall. - A. I can.
Q. Can you swear that you saw me. - A. No, I did not see it.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILKINSON
               



            . I am a butler. On Saturday the 11th, at half past nine in the evening, from information, when I went into the hall, I missed the coat that used to lay upon the table; I saw the prisoner going out of the front door, I hallooed to him, stop thief; he went out of the door, he threw the coat in the channel, I hallooed stop thief; the watchman stopped him.
Prisoner. Did you see me take the coat. - A.I saw you throw it in the channel.
Prisoner. You did not see me with the coat.
Witness. We brought him back to the house; he acknowledged that he took the coat.
Prisoner. You will swear any man's life away, I can bring forward people that will prove it.
- KEARN. Q. You are the watchman. - A. Yes, I heard this man call out stop thief; I stopped the prisoner a few doors from Mr. Warren's house; I brought him down to Mr. Warren's hall; he acknowledged that he was guilty of the fact.
Prisoner's Defence. I am not the person that did it, the great coat laid on the curb stone. It was not in the channel, there was some men in the street before me running away.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
