





302. 
               
                  
                     LEWIS LEWIS 
                     REALE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3d of March
, three coats, value 30 s. five waistcoats, value 20 s. two pair of breeches, value 10 s. and four pair of cotton stockings, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Myer 
                     Harris
                  




               
            .


                  ESTHER 
                  HARRIS
               



             sworn. I am the wife of 
               
                  Myer 
                  Harris
               



            , he is a salesman
; I live at No. 25, Princes'-street, Westminster. On the 3d of March, between eleven and twelve o'clock, the prisoner came and looked out seven guineas worth of goods, he took out his pocket book, I thought he was going to pay me, he shut up his pocket book again, and said if I would send my little girl to the duke of Cumberland's house he would send me the money; I thought it was not fit to send a child, so I sent my brother, as my husband was not at home, my brother took the goods with him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HYAMS
               



             sworn. Q. You went with the goods. - A. Yes, he brought me to the private door of the duke of Cumberland's house


; I went with him merely inside of the door, upon the step, he said give me hold of the bundle, I will go up stairs and shew the bundle to my friend whom I bought it for, you will stop a few minutes, I will bring you the money down; I stopped above half an hour, he not coming I knocked at the door, a valet came out of the duke's, he said what is your pleasure, I told him the story; I never saw him afterwards.
Q. How did he go into the house. - A. He went with me inside of the house, I saw him go up stairs, the door was open; on the 4th of March, my sister met him in the street and stopped him.
Q. How did he get out. - A. When I enquired how he came out, all the servants came about me, they said is this the man, I said no, he went up stairs one way and came down another way, he went through the hall and went off; the duke of Cumberland was coming in at the time.
Q. (to Mrs. Harris) How soon did you meet this man afterwards. - A. The very next day; I am sure it is the same man, he had all my things on almost. (The property produced, and identified by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's Defence. With submission, I beg leave to state my case to you: when I bought these goods of the lady she gave me me leave to take them and shew them to my friend, on the next day when she met me, she says, if you will give me seven guineas I will not prosecute you, I says you have sold me some old things for goods; I did not like to pay her, because they did not suit my friend.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
