





692. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     ARROLL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of August
, a cloth apron, value is 6d. a napkin, value 6d. two a waistcoats, value 1s. six caps, value 9d. and a silk bonnet, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Moss
                  




               
            .


                  MARTHA 
                  MOSS
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Moss
               



            , my husband is a watchman
, a labourer
 at Hackney


: On the 6th of August, I had laid in a fortnight; the prisoner came into the room; I awoke, and thought it was my husband come home from duty; I saw the prisoner lying upon a suit of cloaths of my husband's, that she had taken from the drawers; I called my child out of bed, to go to the guard-house for a patrole, the patrole came,and took her at Homorton Terrace, just by where I live, I saw her going out of the room with the things, and I had hold of her, but she got away from me; I had left the door upon the latch for my husband to come in; the prisoner was quite a stranger to me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SWANBOURNE
               



             sworn. - Young 
               
                  James 
                  Moss
               



             came to me at the watch-house; in consequence of which I went after the prisoner, and found her at Homerton Terrace, with these things upon her. (producing them).
Mrs. Moss. These are my property.
Prisoner's defence. I had had nothing to eat for some days, and had a drop of drink, and how I came into the house, I do not know; I don't remember any thing about it.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 47.)




               Transported for seven years
            

Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
