






314. 
               
                  
                     CORNELIUS 
                     DONNOHEW
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CONNER
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 29th of April
, a water cask, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Weldy
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  WENDY
               



             sworn. I am an officer of Shadwell. On the 29th of April I was in company with Hewitt, my brother officer, between one and two in the morning; we met the two prisoners in St. George's New Road, they were both together; I saw something on the prisoners, I suspected they had stolen it, being so late an hour of the night, I immediately laid hold of Conner, Donnohew tried to make his escape, he was overtaken by Hewitt; I found a water cask upon Conner, a check apron, a cap, and a piece of blue ribbon; I produce the water cask, the prisoner had it in his hands before him.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WELDY
               



             sworn. I live in Denmark street, Ratcliff Highway


; that water cask stood in my yard, it is an open yard, I lost it on the 29th of April, I had seen it the night before, it is my property.
Q. What is the worth of the cask. - A. Two shillings.
- HEWITT sworn. I am a police officer.
Q. Do you remember seeing the prisoner between one and two in the morning on the 29th of April. - A. Yes, I was with my brother officer at the time, I questioned the prisoners how these things came in their possession; Donnohew immediately ran away, he threw the tea tray away, I ran after him and took him, we secured them both.
The prisoners said nothing in their defence, nor called any witnesses to character.
DONNOHEW - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 40.
CONNER - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
