





340. 
               
                  
                     MATTHEW 
                     CHAPMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of March
, seven quartern loaves of bread, value 5s. 3d. and three half-quartern loaves of bread, value 14d.
             the property of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Hall
               



            .
Second Count. Charging them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     George
                  



               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  HALL
               



             sworn. - I am a baker
, in Portman-street, Portman-square: On Tuesday, the 15th of March, I sent 
               
                  James 
                  George
               



             out with a basket of bread, between ten and eleven o'clock; about half an hour afterwards, he came back with the prisoner, with a basket of the prisoner's, with seven quartern loaves and three half-quartern loaves in it; I know it to be my bread by the making and baking of it.
Q. Is there any thing particular in the form or size of the W upon the bread? - A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  GEORGE
               



             sworn. - I am journeyman
 toMr. Hall: On the 15th of March, about ten minutes after ten, I went out with my bread in a large basket upon a barrow; I left my basket at the corner of Baker-street


, and when I returned, I found the prisoner in the custody of 
               
                  James 
                  Lamb
               



            ; the prisoner had a baker's basket with him; Mr. Lamb told me he had taken all the bread out of my basket, and put into his own; the prisoner asked me to let him go, but I took him to my master's; there was no other bread in his basket but mine; I can swear to the bread, I can swear to my own setting.


                  JAMES 
                  LAMB
               



             sworn. - I am a journeyman baker: On the 15th of March, I was going up Lower Berkeley-street, I cast my eye to the corner of Baker-street, and saw the prisoner go up to Mr. Hall's basket, and look very stedfastly into it; I had worked for Mr. Hall; he then left the basket and went up Baker-street; he looked up the street as if he was looking for something particular; he came a second time to the basket, and went up Baker-street a little way again, and returned a third time; he put his own basket that he had upon his shoulder upon the handles of the barrow; he then took the bread out of Mr. Hall's basket, and put it into his own; he threw it upon his shoulder, and came in a direction to where I stood; when he came up to me, he said, Mr. Lamb, how do you do? I knew him as a journeyman baker, but had not seen him for three or four years; I told him he had been doing a very wrong thing, for he had been taking all the bread out of Mr. Hall's basket, and put it into his own; then he said, good God, Mr. Lamb, let me put the bread into the basket again; I told him, no; he should stop till 
               
                  James 
                  George
               



             came, and he might do as he pleased with him; he came, and took him with the basket of bread to Mr. Hall's, and from thence to Marybone watch-house.
Prisoner. I leave it to you, my Lord, and the Jury. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
