





700. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SEYMOUR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of September
, a pair of stirrups, value 8s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Pickford
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Milson
                  



               
            .(The case was opened by Mr.Gurney.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  PICKFORD
               



             sworn. - I am the son of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Pickford
               



            : Last Saturday fe'nnight, between. six and seven in the morning, I was placed in a closet, commanding a view of the place where the stirrups were.
 Q. Where does your father live? - A. In Martin's-lane, Cannon-street


; he is a sadler's ironmonger

, in partnership with 
               
                  Richard 
                  Milson
               



            : the men came to work at seven o'clock; the prisoner was the first that came, and he unlocked the counting-house door, and went up to a place where the stirrups were, but his back being turned towards me, I could not see him take the stirrups, but I saw him stop; and as he was going out of the counting-house, I saw him put the stirrups under his jacket; I heard him go into the cellar; my father was out; as soon as he came home, I told him of it; when the prisoner came up out of the cellar, I jumped out of the closet, went into the warehouse, and charged him with taking a pair of stirrups; he, at first, denied it, and, after some hesitation, he owned it; when my father came home, I told him of it in the prisoner's presence; he said, it was the first pair he had taken; he had never taken any thing else, and hoped my father would forgive him; I went for a constable; when he came, the constable and I, and my father and the prisoner, all went down into the cellar; the prisoner put his hand behind a chest, took out a pair of stirrups, and gave them to the constable; they were the same stirrups that I had seen him take out of the counting-house; for my father and I had counted the stirrups, and taken down the marks, and when we counted them again, we found a pair of stirrups gone, marked S.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. How many partners has your father? - A. Only one, 
               
                  Richard 
                  Milson
               



            .
Q. You were in ambush, ready to receive the enemy? - A. Yes.
Q. You did not put him in mind of the eighth commandment, before he took the stirrups? - A. No; I did not know that he was going to take any thing, till I saw him do it.
Q. You do not mean to call these stirrups, but stirrup-irons? - A.They are stirrups, and stirrup-irons.
Q. Do you mean to say, they are stirrups without leather? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  WEBSTER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am a constable: I was sent for by Mr. Pickford to apprehend the prisoner; the prisoner owned that he had taken a pair of stirrups; he went down into the kitchen with a light, and took the stirrups out from behind a chest; I have had them ever since. (Produces them).


                  THOMAS 
                  PICKFORD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Garney. Q. What do you call these things? - A.Stirrups, and stirrup-iron; they are as often called by one name as the other.
Mr. Alley. Q. What would you call them with the leathers? - A.Stirrups and leathers.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 33.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
