





383. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Bryers
                     



                  , about the hour of one in the night of the 24th of February
, and burglariously stealing a pair of shoes, value 9d. two odd shoes, value 3d. seven pieces of leather, value 15d. a book, value 3d. and a sponge, value 3d.
             the property of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Collins
               



            .
FRANCIS COLLINS sworn. - I am a shoe-maker
; I live in Monmouth-street; I lost my property from a stall, at the White-Bear, Little Newport-street


, in the front of the house; I pay half-a-crown a week for it; I have rented it a year and a half.
Q.When was it you missed any thing? - A. On the night of the 24th of February, I left the stall about half-past nine at night; I locked it up, and went home; I missed two pair of old shoes, and an odd one; some pieces of leather, a memorandum-book, and a sponge; I had left them safe locked up with a padlock.
SAMUEL HEBERDEN sworn. - I am a watchman; on the night of the 24th of February, about one o'clock, I saw the prisoner come out of the stall; I did not see him go in; I followed him to the corner of Gerrard-street, and then I saw him throw something away into the open street; I followed him, and laid hold of him; I sprung my rattle for assitance, and took him into custody; I saw him drop this iron into an area.
Q.Was that before he had dropped the things, or after? - A.Afterwards.
Q.Did you see what it was at the time? - A. I did not; I knocked at the door, and the people of the house told us to come in the morning; I went between six and seven o'clock.
Q.What did you call that piece of iron? - A. It is what they call a center-bit.
JOHN NARBORN sworn. - I went to the assistance of Heberden; I saw the prisoner drop the property, and I saw him throw something into the area; I picked up some old shoes, some leather, and a memorandum-book (produces them.)
Prisoner. Did you see me throw any thing into the area? - A. Yes, I head it drop.
(To Collins.) Q.Are those your shoes and leather? - A. Yes, they were my own; I always take my customer's work home with me of a night; the memorandum-book is a book I keep against my landlord, when I pay my rent.
Q.How did your stall appear to be broke open? - A. The watchman came to me, and told me my stall was broke open; about half past seven o'clock I went and found the pastlock was taken off, and carried away.
Q.Was it forced off? - A. No, I think it was taken off by a picklock-key, for there is nothing wrenched.
The prisoner put in a written defence, which was read as follows:
My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury. On the 7th of February, I came from a village in Northumberland, where I had been to see my mother,who is ninety-two years old; I continued there eighteen months, and practised my profession, which is that of a hair-dresser; it did not answer my expectations; I arrived in London on the 7th of February, at near twelve o'clock at night; I called at an Alamode-beef shop, to refresh myself, where I staid about fifteen minutes; I went with intent to procure a bed, in Green-street, Leicester-fields, where I had lodged before; as I got to the corner of Gerrard-street, a man walked very fast by me, and dropped something; I called to him, but he made me no answer; the watchman came up, and laid hold of me; I told him which way the man was gone; he said he had got me, and that was sufficient for him, observing with a great oath, that he should lose his place if he had not somebody, for he was already upon his good behaviour.
Q.(To Heberden.) Are you sure you saw him come out of the stall? - A. Yes.
Q.Did you say you was upon your good behaviour, and must take up somebody? - A. I did not.
Q.You never lost sight of him after you got out of the stall? - A.Not at all.
Jury. It was not a moon-light night, was it? - A.No, it was not.
Q.How far were you from him? - A.About fourteen yards.
Q.Did you fee any body else near him? - A.There were several people passing.
Q.You saw him come out of the stall, you saw him throw the things away, and you never lost sight of him? - A.Never.
GUILTY, aged 54, of 


               stealing, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baran Thompson.
