





14. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HYAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of November
, a pocket book, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Wessel
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .
HENRY WESSEL. I am a native of Fleming. I am captain of a vessel
.
Q. When was it you was robbed. - A. On Tuesday the 24th of November, about eleven o'clock, going from the Change to the Tower; I neither saw nor felt it done; this man brought it me again (pointing to Mr. Woodbine.)
Q. When had you felt the pocket book in your possession. - A. I had felt it not a minute before it was taken from me.
Q. You do not know when you lost it. - A. No.
Q. You never felt it go. - A. No.
Q. When it was taken from you, you was informed by a man that it was taken, and that you had felt it in your pocket about a minute before you had received that information - is that right. - A. Yes.


                  HENRY 
                  WOODBINE
               



            . I am a mill and hand screw-maker. On the 24th of November, between eleven and one, I was coming along Bishopsgate-street


, I saw two men pass me, who appeared to me to be very suspicious characters; I looked after them, and I stepped out of the pathway into the road, about three yards, and I saw the prisoner take a pocket book from the captain's pocket.
Q. Where was it. - A. In Bishopsgate-street; I understood afterwards it was at the corner of Devonshire-street, when I got before the lord mayor.
Q. Is the prisoner the man you mean. - A. Yes, he is the man, and Mr. Wessel is the captain that the pocket book was taken from; the prisoner ran away directly and I ran after him and collared him, I told him to give me the pocket book; he with a sneer said there it is, he threw it down; I let him go, and told my son to call out stop thief; I went and got the pocket book; directly I picked it up I gave it to the captain, he was very near me; then I went in pursuit of the man, and when I got to him there was a mob collected, and he was in custody of an officer; I am sure he is the man, I saw him put his hand into the captain's pocket, and he took his pocket book.
Cross-examined by Mr. Pooley. You saw two men of suspicious characters - I want to know whether you can take upon you positively to swear whether the book was not taken by the other person, and not by the prisoner. - A. I have sworn that it was taken by the prisoner, and I will swear it if I was going to die this minute; I mean to swear that this man took it.
- . I am clerk to an upholsterer; I saw the prisoner with the pocket book in his hand; Mr. Woodbine came up to him; the prisoner ran up Devonshire-street, and Mr. Woodbine after him; when Mr. Woodbine catched hold of him he threw the pocket book down on the ground; I was not near enough to hear what he said; I should have ran after him but I fell down and sprained my thigh, I could not get up, soon enough.

Q. You saw him throw the pocket book down. - A Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Pooley. Did you see any other person running. - A. Yes, the other person ran straight on; I took most notice of the prisoner, seeing the pocket book in his hand.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOODBINE
               



            , JUNIOR. I saw my father lay hold of the prisoner, and immediately the prisoner dropped the pocket book; my father let him go and picked up the pocket book; he said lay hold of him, Harry. I laid hold of him, he gave me a knock on the breast and almost knocked me down; he ran up Devonshire-street, several people attempted to lay hold of him, he made a hit at them, he get out of the way as long as he could.
Q. He was secured at last. - A. Yes.
Q. Are you sure that is the same man. - A. Yes; at the bottom of Devonshire-street he turned an alley, and there some barber laid hold him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MACEY
               



            . I am a painter and glazier. I was coming down Devonshire-street, I saw a mob, I went up to see what was the matter; I saw the prisoner and captain Wessel; the captain said he had been robbed; the pocket book was given to me by the captain. I took the prisoner before the lord mayor.
(The property produced and identified.)
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, and called no witnesses to his character.




               GUILTY
            , aged 18.
Of stealing to the value of eleven pence.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
