





835. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WITHERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th of September
, a wheelbarrow, value 1 l. and thirty six pots, value 2 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Walduck
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  WALDUCK
               



            . I keep the King's Arms in Wood-street, Spa-fields
. On the 28th of September, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I sent my boy out with the wheelbarrow to collect the pots, about five o'clock I was informed that the boy had lost the pots.


                  EDWARD 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Walduck. I lost my barrow in Coppice-row


, there were upwards of three dozen pots in it. I had information that a boy with sore eyes had wheeled it away.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . On Thursday the 28th ofSeptember I was standing at my window talking to my landlord, I saw a boy come with a barrow full of pots, he was trying to wheel the barrow against the posts; I told him he need not to ryt get the barrow through without you take the pots out and hold it sideways; he took the pots out, got the barrow through, and put the pots in again, and he wheeled them down the court; I saw he had sore eyes; that is all I remarked of him. The boy came down about an hour afterwards, he was crying very much, he said he had lost the barrow with the pots; I said what sort of a boy was it that took your barrow away; he said he had sore eyes.


                  ANN 
                  SIMONDS
               



            . I sell things in Holborn. This boy asked me to give an eye to the barrow while he went to the scowerer; he took two or three pots out, he left the barrow up Plow-court. I did not see him again till the next day; I said to him, what did you leave the barrow there for. I took him up to the constables house; he said he took the pots to the scourers in Chicklane. I am sure this is the boy that left the barrow and told me to give an eye to it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a constable of St. Andrews. On the 28th of September I was informed there was a barrow left in the passage of Plow-court; I found from Mrs. Simonds that a boy had left it there between four and five; I took it to my own house. I got a description of the boy that had left it there. I found out that Mr. Walduck had lost the barrow; and during my absence Mrs. Simonds brought the boy into my house the back way, he took the advantage and run out of the front door. I took the prisoner the next day in Smithfield market, I asked him if he would tell me what he had done with the pots it would be greatly in his favour; he said they were done; he was willing to go to sea.
Q. to prosecutor. Have you seen the barrow - A. Yes; I know it to be mine.
Prisoner's Defence. Since I have been in trouble my father has been obliged to put my mother and two children in the workhouse.



               GUILTY
            , aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
