





417. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HARPER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of June
, one shirt, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Horby
                  



               
            .
Second Count. For like offence, charging it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Christmas
                  



               
            , widow
. And a
Third Count. Charging it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Joyce 
                     Dale
                  



               
            , widow
.


                  SARAH 
                  CHRISTMAS
               



             sworn - Q. Are you a widow? - A. Yes; I live in Britannia-gardens, Hoxton; I go out an ironing, I had five shirts of Mrs. Horby, belonging to 
               
                  Philip 
                  Horby
               



            , to wash and iron against Saturday; I had not an opportunity of doing them, being engaged to go out to three days work; I took them to my aunt to do them for me on Thursday, the 7th of June; on Saturday, my aunt came to me, and said there was one lost.


                  JOYCE 
                  DALE
               



             sworn. - I live at the Green-gate, Hackney-road


; I received these five shirts of

                  Sarah 
                  Christmas
               



             on Thursday night; I washed them, and hung them up in the garden, they were almost dry; the prisoner at the bar went down our place, there is no thoroughfare at all there; when he walked up and down, I thought he was sick; I saw him take the shirt from off the lines, and before I could open the gate he was gone out of the street; I went to the public-house just by, and said I had lost a shirt; he said, never mind, poor woman, mind your work, you will hear something of it by and by, and at ten o'clock it was brought back.
Q. Are you sure the young man is the person that took it? - A. I know him to be the same man, I could swear to him.


                  JOHN 
                  RAY
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: On Friday, the 8th of June, I had some business to call at the Green-gate, the landlord informed me of a poor woman that had lost a shirt from a line; the prisoner was described to me, and his name was mentioned; I spoke to several that saw him in that neighbourhood if they saw him to detain him; he was detained at the Nag's Head the same afternoon; I took him into custody, and took him to the Office; the shirt has been taken to the gentleman it belonged to, somebody had been to the prosecutrix's house, and threw it over the garden that night, while he was in custody.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
