





349. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of February
, a pair of pistols, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Rea
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Rea
                  



               
            , junior
.


                  THOMAS 
                  REA
               



            . I am a gun maker
, I live in the Minories


; my partner's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Rea
               



            . I missed two pair of pistols and two odd one's about the latter end of February; on the 25th of February I went to the St. Andrew's tavern, there I got information, I went with the officer to Mr. Lawson's on the 26th of February, there we found a pair of pistols, which was my property. The prisoner was one of my workmen; he came to work for me about the middle of October.
Mr. Pooley. On the 25th of February was the prisoner working for you - A. He worked then I believe at his own residence, Glasshouse-yard.
Q. How long before you found these pistols was he working in your shop - A. About a fortnight.
Q. Where had you seen the pistols - A. I did not see the pistols till I went to Mr. Lawson.
Q. How lately before that had you seen these pistols - A. Within three weeks, in my shop in the Minories.
MR. LAWSON. I live at No. 97, East Smithfield. I bought a pair of pistols of the prisoner on or about the 22nd or 23d of February; I bought them at St. Andrew's tavern, Lower East Smithfield, I gave twenty shillings for them. The pistols that I bought of the prisoner I shewed to Mr. Rea, and I delivered them to the officer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOOD
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Rea. I know that I cleaned these pistols when first they came into the house.
ELISHA CRAHN. I am a city officer; I took the prisoner in custody at Mr. Rea's house; I received the pistols of Mr. Lawson, I have had them ever since.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. Them pistols I had from Birmingham, my mother sent them me up, 
               
                  William 
                  Lander
               



            , a boatman, brought them me from my mother; I have not been in Mr. Rea's shop since January last; I have worked at home since that period. I heard the officers were after me, I went to Mr. Rea's shop; Mr. Rea owes me fourteen pounds; he has even offered to go to my friends to tell them there was no bill found against me, that my friends need not come; Mr. Rea gives my wife and family employ now, and he said he never intended to hurt me.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
