





642. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HOBSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th of August
, eleven shillings in monies, numbered, and three bank notes, value 1 l. each
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Greenwood
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  GREENWOOD
               



            . I am clerk
 in Mr. William's office, Bull and Mouth inn, Bull and Mouth street


.
Q. On the 8th of August, in the course of the day, had you any occasion to put any notes and penny pieces in your desk in the accompting house. - A. I did in the forepart of the day, I locked them up in the desk, and left them safe.
Q. When did you see your desk again. - A. Not till past twelve at night, I then went again to my desk and found the desk was broken.
Q. Had you seen any body in the warehouse at the time the desk was broken open. - Q. Yes, the prisoner Hobson, he was horse-keeper, employed by Mr. Willan, he was discharged the day before. On seeing my desk broken open, and seeing the prisoner there, I asked him how he came there, he said he came through the hole in the warehouse, and that another person of the name of Craddock had come in before him. I observed the hole in the warehouse, it communicated to the stable, it was large enough for a person to come through; he said he came through the hole in the wall, he went to the desk, and took the halfpence and the penny pieces himself. I saw them found upon his person, among which was a twopenny piece. They are common coin, I could not swear to them, I lost them, and the twopenny piece was battered very much.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BLANCH
               



            . I am an officer. I have had the money ever since, there is three shillings in silver, and the rest in copper, eleven shillings altogether. The prisoner acknowledged that he took them out of the desk, I found the desk broken open, and this end of the candlestick fitted the place were the desk was wrenched open, the hole in the desk appeared quite fresh, the wood laid on the ground; this is the knife that I took from Cradock, and this is the knife that I took from Hobson, this is a candlestick that they stick in the wall that they used in the warehouse.
Prisoner's Defence. It was not me th had the notes, I saw Cradock break the desk open, he came and told me he had some halfpence, and three one pound notes; he wanted me to have them, I told him I would have nothing to do with them.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.
Of stealing the copper.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
