





112. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HUMPAGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault, in the King's highway, upon 
                     
                        
                           Margaret 
                           Howell
                        




                     
                  , spinster
, on the 7th of January
, putting her in fear, and feloniously taking from her person, and against her will a bank note, value 5 l. and three other bank notes, value 1 l. each, her property
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  HOWELL
               



            . I live at Mr. Moggridge's, No. 101, Fleet street, he is a shoemaker; I am his sister in law. On Saturday, about five o'clock in the evening, I was returning home from Messrs. Robarts, and co. bankers, in Lombard street.
Q. What did you receive there - A. A five pounds note, and three ones bank notes; I had got as far as the Mansion house, the prisoner laid hold of my arm, he said young woman, have you not been to the banking house, you must return back to the banking house immediately, the notes are wrong; I returned from the Mansion house to the first turning, George street


, I had the notes in my hand; he snatched them out of my hand and ran up George street; I immediately ran after him and cried out stop thief; he was stopped in St. Swithin's lane; 
               
                  John 
                  Raine
               



             stopped him.
Q. Did you gave him the notes to look at - A. No, he snatched them from me.
Q. Then you did not intend to part with them - A. No.
Q. Had you seen him before - A. I saw him at the banker's steps when I came out.


                  JOHN 
                  RAINE
               



            . I am a merchant. On Thursday evening, near five o'clock, I went through Lombard street into St. Swithin's lane; as I turned out of Lombard street into St. Swithin's lane I heard the prosecutrix screaming out stop thief, I was at the corner, I saw the prisoner; he turned round the corner out of Bearbinder lane; I prepared to meet him; I turned him up against the window; the person who was behind me, I do not know which, laid hold of him first; I believe we both laid hold of him as near as possible together; I had hold of him in the front and the other behind; he dropped his arm as if he was going to throw something down; I kept my eye on his hand; I saw him rise it again, and he put the notes into the bridge of the shutter, where the shutters slide in; I took it out immediately; there were plenty had hold of him at the same time; I took the number of the notes, and gave them to the prosecutrix; I went to the banker to see whether she had taken them from Messrs. Robarts.


                  RICHARD 
                  MOGGRIDGE
               



            . I am a boot and shoemaker, in Fleet street; I know nothing of the transsaction, only sending my sister with a check. I have the notes; I received them from my sister.
The property produced and identified.


                  JOHN 
                  ASHTON
               



            . I am a merchant. On my returning home from the Change, near five o'clock, I observed the prisoner made a snatch at this young lady; on hearing her scream I ran; the prisoner is the person, I am sure; he was stopped when I came up to him.
- NICHOLLS. I live at No. 36, St. Swithins lane, almost opposite of Bearbinder lane, I am a green grocer. I stood at my door, I thought I heard a cry of murder; I ran into Bearbinder lane, I saw a mob of people and the prisoner at the head of them; I made a catch at him and tore the skirt of his coat clean off, and turned him round; I catched hold of his collar with both my hands; then Mr. Raine came up and took hold of him; I have the skirt of his coat now, there is a handkerchief in it and some cards.


                  DANIEL 
                  LEADBETTER
               



            . I only know the prisoner was brought to me; I took him to the Mansion house; the right tap of the coat is torn off; it appears a spencer now.
Prisoner's Defence. As I was passing the Mansion house, towards home, I heard the cry of stop thief; I ran as well as the others; they took hold of me, being the foremast man; I ran faster than the others.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 29.




               Of stealing, but not violently from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
