





24. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     PETTY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of November
, fourteen poundweight of pewter, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James Edward 
                     Yates
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  YATES
               



            . I am clerk to my brother, 
               
                  James 
                  Edward Yates
               



            , pewterer
, No. 50, Shoreditch


; the prisoner was a labourer
 in the yard. On Thursday the 26th of November, about half past four in the evening, I went up the yard where the prisoner and one of the witnesses were at work; the witness shewed me the spot where the metal was concealed, under some ashes; I immediately placed 
               
                  William 
                  Bourne
               



            , our apprentice, under where the metal was concealed, under some ashes on a board.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STILTON
               



            . Q. You are a workman of Mr. Yates. - A. Yes, yesterday was a week, the prisoner at the bar was ordered to assist me to break a parcel of grain tin; which being done, about four o'clock, he was ordered to fetch me up an hundred weight of old metal, for me to melt. I went down the yard to ask the foreman what I was to have to mix with it, to make it fit for my use; when I came up, I saw my ladle that I was going to cast with, on the pit side, close to where the prisoner stood; it struck me all was not right, I put my hand to the ladle, that was laying bottom uppermost; I found it was hot. I said to him George, what have you been doing with my ladle, he said he was going to skim the metal for me; with that he was putting up the tackling rope, for the space of five minutes, then I sent him down for some metal; immediately he was gone I crossed over to where he stood; on the board were some hot ashes. I lifted up the rope that he had laid over them; I found a lump of metal so hot that I could not hold it; I left it where I found it; just at the time my master's brother came up he got the stamp and marked it, and then he ordered the apprentice to watch; we both left the shop; when I came back, I saw the officer and the prisoner, and some of the men in the yard; in searching about, they found this piece of metal that was stamped, with several others, hid in a corner, between the furnace and the wall on the other side of the yard.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOURNE
               



            . Q. You were placed under this board to watch. - A. Yes; in about ten minutes after the prisoner came in, he went to the place where the metal was, he took the metal out of the dirt, and put it into his apron, he went out of the shop in about ten minutes he came in again, he looked at the fire and then went down the yard; Mr. Yates sent him out then with a basket; he called him back and asked him, if he had not got something else besides the basket; nothing was found on him; the metal was found hid at a distant part of the yard.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. There were several men coming backwards and forwards in the shop to work; my master told me he wanted me to go out to George-street; then he called me back and said put the basket down, I think you have got somewhat that does not belong to you he felt in my pockets and found nothing about me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
