





778. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HILL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of October
, thirty pounds weight of iron nails, value 9s. and two bars of steel, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Martin
                  




               
            . 
(The case was opened by Mr. Alley.)


                  HENRY 
                  MARTIN
               



             sworn. - I am an ironmonger
, in St. John's-street


, the prisoner was my warehouseman and porter
; he lived with me about five years; in consequence of information I received, I attended at Worship-street, on the 17th of October, I found the prisoner there, and some nails were produced to me, such as I usually sold; the prisoner wished to speak to me after he was committed, and I had some conversation with him.
Q. Had you made any promise, any sort of inducement to him to confess? - A. None; he went down upon his knees and begged forgiveness; he then said he had collected them at different times, as they fell from the cart; he said they were my property; we fell them by weight, and then they are put into a nail bag; he did not say any thing about the steel.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. This man has lived with you five years? - A. Yes.

Q. Nails in their passage from the warehouse to the shop frequently drop? - A. Yes.
Q. They drop also from the cart now and then? - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. The nails are of different sizes? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  MORTON
               



             sworn. - I am one of the patrols; on Saturday the 9th of October, between seven and eight in the evening, I was on duty in Old-street-road; I saw the prisoner with this bag on his shoulder; I stopped him, and asked him what he was carrying, he seemed very much agitated; he at last said they were nails; I asked him where he was going to carry them, he said, he was going to carry them to Mr. Gill, in Old-street, and that he brought them from St. John's-street; I told him, I would go with him to Mr. Gill, he refused going to Mr. Gill's, he said, he would go to a Magistrate's, and would tell them there; at the office, I asked him again where he brought them from, and he said, he had them from a man of the name of Houghton, under Charterhouse-wall, and he was going to carry them to Mr. James, the wheeler's; Mr. Houghton and Mr. James are here.
 - HOUGHTON sworn. - I am a smith; I never employed the prisoner to carry any nails; he sent for me to the New-Prison, and told me he was stopped going with some nails to the Curtain-road, and he said, he had made use of my name, he said, he had never taken any.
 - James deposed, that he had not employed the prisoner to carry any nails. (The nails produced.)
Martin; These are the same sort of nails that I had.
 - LANGER sworn. - I am shopman to Mr. Martin; I found these two steel bars in my master's stable, the prisoner had the key.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
