





840. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WHITE, otherwise 
REYNOLDS, otherwise 
WILSON





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of October
, two blankets, value 10s. two sheets, value 2s. and a quilt, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Horton
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  HORTON
               



             sworn. - I am a silk and tabinet manufacturer
, at No. 8, Henrietia-street, Covent-Garden


: On the 14th of October, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I heard a scream on the stairs; I went into the hall, and saw my wife very much confused, crying out, "the man, the cloaths, a thief;" I ran to the hall door, and thought I heard a man's foot, I did not see him.


                  RICHARD 
                  HORTON
               



             sworn. - I am the son of the prosecutor, and pursued the thief; I took him in Bedford-street, he was running but had nothing with him; he said, he had seen the man, that he was a tall man, and was running on before; another person came up and said, he was the man, and that he saw him throw the things away.


                  JAMES 
                  COOPER
               



             sworn. - I caught hold of the prisoner's coat, he dragged me along; I asked him if he had taken the things; he described another man to me, and said it was a tall man in a blue coat, without a hat.
- sworn. - I live in Feather's-court, Drury-lane; as I was walking along, the prisoner shoved me on the side with his elbow, with the property in his hand; he turned into Bedford-street, and I said to him, heave it higher, for it drags on the stones, he said, d-n me, I will, and he threw it up as high as his head, and is dropped in the street; I said to the person who followed him, there is the person, and I stopped by the things.


                  JOHN 
                  HARDWICK
               



             sworn. - I took the property to Mr. Horton's, it has been in my possession ever since. (The property identified.)
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing of it, I was not in Henrietta-street; I never saw the things till they were brought to Mr. Horton's; I ran as other people ran. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
