





649. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HEDFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of August
, a pocket-book, value 1s. 6d. a Bank-note, value 5l. and eleven other Bank-notes, value 11l.
             the property of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Hadril
               




            .
RICHARD HADRILL sworn. - I live at Canterbury, retired from business: On Thursday, the 20th of August, about two o'clock I was looking at a print-shop at the end of Cock-court, opposite the Old-Bailey


, a number of Lascars were passing; I felt a brush at my left-hand pocket; I turned round, missed my pocket-book, and saw the prisoner with my pocket-book in his right hand; I said that was my pocket-book, I told him I would swear it was my pocket-book; there were above thirty, in all, about me; they were four or five deep before him; the prisoner said, he had it not; I said, if you have it not, you have smuggled it away among some of your companions; upon that, a man who is a constable of that same ward came up, and said, what is the matter here; said I, this man has picked my pocket, and I will swear it; he then took him by the left shoulder, and said then, come along with me; he led him along till he got to Giltspur-street Compter, and the person who keeps that prison was going to examine him; I said, it was hardly worth while, for he had shifted it; he was searched, but nothing found upon him.
Q. What was the colour of your pocket-book?- A. Red.
Q. What size was it? - A.One of Johnson's pocket-books.
Q. Did this pocket-book contain any thing? - A. Yes; there were some memorandums, and there were eleven one-pound Bank of England notes, and a five-pound Bank of England note.
Q. Have you ever seen any of those notes since?- A. No, not a bit of them, nor ever shall.
Q. Did you stop him immediately when you saw the book in his hand? - A.Immediately.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You saw the person that took the pocket-book put it in his pocket, did not you? - A. No, I did not.
Q. There was a pretty large croud collected? - A. There were thirty or forty, in my opinion.
Q. I believe, four or five deep? - A. Yes.
Q. You do not know the number of the notes?- A. No.
Q. And your pocket-book was a common pocket-book? - A. Yes; there is a thing which I forgot to tell the Judge - my pocket-book was tied round with a black cotton string, and I saw that.
Q.Now, I understand you to say this, that your pocket-book was a common pocket-book, tied round with a black cotton string? - A. Yes.
Q.Did it ever happen to you in Kent to see a pocket-book tied round with a black cotton string?- A. Never, nor yet in London.
Q. There was nothing upon the outside of the pocket-book? - A. There was my name upon the outside.
Q. And that you saw when it was in the man's hand? - A. I do not think that I did.
Q. Upon your oath, did you or not observe your name upon it at the time it was in the man's hand? - A. I cannot say that I did.
Q. The only opportunity you had of seeing the pocket-book in the man's hand, was a very short time? - A. Yes, about fifteen seconds, or not so long.
Q. Will you take upon yourself to say, upon the casual view you had, surrounded by the number of people that you were, though you did not see the name upon it, that that was the same pocket-book?- A. I will, according to the best of my opinion, swear it.
Q. Will you swear it? - A. I will not.
Court. Q. What is your belief about it? - A. My positive belief is, that it was my pocket-book.
WILLIAM ROGERS sworn. - I am a plaisterer; I know nothing of the robbery; I saw Mr. Hadrill put eleven Bank-notes of one pound each into his pocket-book, and a five-pound note before he left my house in Gutter-lane, on the 20th of August.
Q. What was the colour of his pocket-book? - A. A red one, tied with a black string; he did not leave my house till after dinner; he was going to the west-end of the town.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  MILLER
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I saw a croud of people upon Ludgate-hill; I enquired what was the matter; I observed the prosecutor had hold of the prisoner by the hand; he told me his pocket was picked, and he would give charge of the man; the prisoner then denied it, and said, I have not got your pocket-book, you must be a very bad man to say so; I then laid hold of him by the left side of his collar, and took him to Giltspur-street Compter; there we searched him, but found nothing upon him; he said he was ready to go any where.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. He denied knowing any thing about it, but said, he was ready to go any where to be searched? - A. Yes.
Q. In point of fact, he was as ready as any person you ever took in custody to go with you? - A. Yes.
Prisoner's defence. I am a tallow-chandler; but since my brother left off business, I sell pens about the streets; I had been of an errand into Watling-street, in comming back, I stopped at the printshop, I had not stopped there more than a minute, when this gentleman said I had picked his pocket; he said, I had put his pocket-book in my pocket; I told him I was innocent of it, and was willing to go to any shop with him; they took me to the Compter; I was very willing to be searched.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
