






569. 
               
                  
                     PHILIP 
                     MARKS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of October
, a pocket-book, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dowding
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DOWDING
               



             sworn. - On the 15th of this month, I was going from Maddox-street to Swallow-street, about twelve o'clock in the day; I had in Maddox-street put my pocket-book in my left-hand pocket; I had taken it out upon some occasion, not exceeding five minutes before I lost it; I had not advanced more than twenty yards in Swallow-street


, passing between the wall and a waggon, before I was accosted by a man in the garb of a chimney-sweeper, who asked me if I had lost any thing; I felt my pocket, and said I had lost my pocket-book. In consequence of his information, I turned back, and with him pursued the two prisoners; I had a glimpse of a third person somewhat taller than the little boy at the bar; he made his escape.
Q. Were you at the time that he made his escape going faster than usual? - A. Yes; the prisoners quickened their pace, and there appeared to be some consultation between them; I hailed them, but they took no notice.
Q. You are sure you saw them talking together? - A. Yes; they availed themselves of every turning they came to, but quickened their pace; I said, stop my lads, stop there; they looked back, but kept on; the first turning was to the right, and the second was to the right.
Q. What street were you in when you overtook them? - A. I turned the third street to the left; I don't know the name of the street.
Q. Did the chimney-sweeper follow with you? - A. Yes; I came up to them, and I asked them what they had done with the pocket-book they had just taken out of my pocket; they both declared themselves innocent; I searched them, but did not find the pocket-book; the chimney-sweeper came up addressing himself to the prisoners - you are the persons who were in company with the other that picked this gentleman's pocket; I desired them to tell me the person who had picked my pocket, and I would let them go about their business; a great mob collected, and advised me to take them before a Magistrate, which I did.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BARTON
               



             sworn. - When I first came down Swallow-street, I saw the two prisoners, andanother that escaped, standing at the corner of the Nag's-head-yard; before I got to them, they turned themselves before me, and went down Swallow-street, all three of them.
Q. Did they walk as persons in the same company, or seem accidentally to have met? - A. They stood at the Nag's-head-yard, it might be five or six minutes.
Q. Was there any thing particular that drew your attention to them? - A. Yes; as they were standing I thought they were three poor post-boys come out of the country, they were talking together; they went before me down Swallow-street, and made a stop; when they came to the corner of Conduit-street, they all three stopped, and turned round, I was crossing Conduit-street at the time; then I got rather behind them as they turned round, and then the one that made his escape got away from them, as if he was going up Swallow-street again; then the big one, Marks, gave him a beckon to come back. This gentleman came along, and then he beckoned by his hand for them to come up; the little one ran over to him directly; then the little one, Williams, was close to the other lad, and Marks a very little distance behind; then I saw the young lad's hand, who has made his escape, go into the gentleman's coat-pocket on the same side as the wall. A coal-waggon passing at the time hid the sight of him from me; I could not see whether he 
               drew
             any thing out then; they made their escape through Orange-court, the prisoners went first.
Q. Did they quicken their pace? - A. They did.
Q. Are you sure of that? - A. Yes, Marks stopped at the corner of Orange-court, beckoning me to go to him, but I thought he was doing what was not right, and I told him it would not do; then I went down Swallow-street, and ran after the gentleman, and told him. I asked him if he had lost any thing, and he felt in his coat pocket, and said he had lost a pocket-book; I told him, if he went back with me, I believed I could shew him the party; he went back with me to pursue them. We went through Chapel-court, and then saw them standing at a green-grocer's shop; when they saw us, they moved away directly, we caught them first at the bottom of King-street; then the gentlemen asked them for his pocket-book; they said they had not got it; I assisted in securing them. When I was taking hold of the big one, he asked me if I wanted forty pounds to hang a man; when they were stopped, the big one, Marks, pulled out a pocket-book, and the gentleman said it was not his.
Cross-examined by Mr. Watson. Q. When you first saw them, how far distant were you? - A. I suppose fifty yards.
Q. How far distant did you continue when the coal cart came? - A. I suppose as far again.
Q. Do you think you ever was nearer than fifty yards to the prisoner, before you saw the prosecutor to speak to him? - A. Yes, about thirty yards.
Q. Then that was the nearest you were to them at all? - A. Yes.
Q. The prisoner who made his escape put his hand into the gentleman's pocket, and then the coal waggon coming, it was impossible for you to see whether the prisoners were doing any act? - A. I could not.
Q. The tall prisoner beckoned to you, whether it was to give you information of what the other had done or not, you cannot tell? - A. No.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GREGORY
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, I live close to Golden-square: I heard that there were some pickpockets, I ran out and found the prisoners in the custody of a great number of people, I immediately went up and seized Marks, I knew him before; I asked where the other one was; Marks said he would not go without I was an officer; I told him I was an officer, and I insisted upon his going; he walked about ten yards, and swore he would go no further, he struggled, and endeavoured to make his escape from me, having one in each hand I did not know what they might do; I called out for assistance, which I got immediately; Marks struggled very hard till we tore his clothes, he walked then very quietly to the watch-house, and there he was searched; the first thing I took from him was, a gold watch, a gold chain, two gold seals, and a gold key; I put my hand into his breeches-pocket, and took out eleven guineas in gold, the principal part seven-shilling-pieces; and from his inside coat-pocket I took out this new pocket-book, there is no name or writing in it; there were three one pound notes in the pocketbook, a silk handkerchief, a knife, and a large key; in his hand a new umbrella that had never been wet; in his waistcoat-pocket I found a dollar and a few halfpence, he said they were his own, that he had bought the umbrella that day; I told him it was a fine day, he did not want a new umbrella that day.
Marks's defence. The gentleman let me go several times, and the mob insisted on his taking me; I told the gentleman I would go with him, five or six times, to Marlborough-street.
Williams's defence. Myself and Marks were going home, I do not know any thing about it.
The prisoner, Marks, called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Marks, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20,
Williams, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 13.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
