





349. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SLAUGHTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of March
, a sow, value 3l. and seven pigs, value 7l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Chipps
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CHIPPS
               



             sworn. - I live at Farnham-Royal, in Buckinghamshire


; I am a cordwainer
: On the 3d of March, between the hours of ten at night, and six in the morning, I lost my sow and pigs from a little house adjoining my dwelling-house; they were in a fly; they were nineteen weeks old; I afterwards found three of the pigs at Dock-head, three at Mr. Mills's, in Oxford-street, and the sow, at James Smith's, at Bexley, in Kent; the other I have not found; it was sold in Smithfield-market for twenty-five shillings; the sow I have bred up from a little one; three of the boar-pigs were lately cut, so that any man could swear to them from letting them run to that age, they are generally cut at about a month or five weeks; the prisoner called upon me to buy them, and said, he would call again in a fortnight, and it was that very day fortnight I lost them.


                  JOHN 
                  PETERS
               



             sworn. - I am a chaff cutter and labourer, at Harmondsworth: I was going to Uxbridge on Thursday, the 4th of March, at nearly seven o'clock in the evening; I met the prisoner with a sow and seven pigs; he asked me five pounds for the sow; I asked him if he was joking; he said, no, that was the lowest; he turned out of the Bath road into the Hayes road, which comes from Uxbridge, and went towards Harlington; I am sure the prisoner is the man; the pigs were somewhere about twenty weeks old, three of them were barrow pigs, they appeared to have been lately cut; and four sow pigs; I have seen three of them since at Mr. Mills's, In Oxford-road, and three at Dockhead, at Mr. Davis's; I have not seen the sow since; I am sure the pigs were the same that I sawthe prisoner driving, about eleven or twelve miles from Farnham-Royal; he drove them as fast as he could, I should suppose, better than four miles an hour.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You met the prisoner in the high Bath road, near Harlington-corner? - A. Yes.
Q. Any person wishing to go to Uxbridge, would go that way? - A. Yes.
Q. Was not Wednesday the day before Etonfair? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  EVANS
               



             sworn. - I am a dealer in hay and straw, at Hayes, and I have another place in Vigo-lane: On the 2d of March, I was at Brentford-market, I had twenty-four pigs left; I hired the prisoner, and another man, to go to Eton-fair with them, and, on Thursday morning, I went towards Uxbridge with the Banbury coach; when the coach changed horses, I got down, and walked and I met the prisoner near Southall, driving a sow and eight pig, four barrow pigs, and four sow pigs; I cannot speak to the age; I took them to Smithfield, and sold them; I sold three to Mr. Davis, at Dock-head, at twenty-nine shillings apiece, three to Mr. Mills, in Oxford-road, at twenty-eight shillings, and two, at fifty shillings, a barrow-pig, and a sow-pig; the sow-pig I sold to one Smith; there are six out of the seven that I am certain are the pigs I had from the prisoner.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Have you a brother of the name of Evans? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you employ the prisoner and him together, for the purpose of buying and telling pigs? - A. No; I employed them to go to Eton.
Q. The pigs were sold as your property? - A Yes.
Q. You were taken up for this? - A. Yes; a Uxbridge.
Q. You were in custody sometime? - A. Yes; I told slaughter of it, and he told me not to be in sear, or have any dread, for he came honestly b them; I was in custody from ten o'clock in the morning till twelve the next day.


                  JAMES 
                  MILLS
               



             sworn. - On the 5th of March, I purchased three pigs of the last witness; Mr. Chipps afterwards owned them.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I am a labouring man; I purchased a sow of 
               
                  John 
                  Evans
               



            , in the public market, at Smithfield; it was afterwards owned by 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Chipps
               



            .
Prisoner's defence. I bought these pigs; I gave fourteen pounds for them, and took a receipt from him. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 42.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
