





358. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STEEDMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of April
, two half crowns, thirteen shillings, and two sixpences
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Salhouse
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SALHOUSE
               



             sworn. - I am a baker
; the prisoner was my journeyman
; the money was taken out of the till on the 19th of April, between four and seven on Tuesday morning; I saw it in the till about a quarter past four, having counted it; and marked it; I marked fifty-four shillings, sixteen sixpences, and seven half-crowns; I missed two half-crowns, thirteen shillings, and two sixpences, at seven o'clock; I got two officers, who searched the prisoner, and found the property on him; the officers told him to take it out of his pocket, and he took it out of his fob himself, wrapped up in a piece of paper. I had stamped the money with a stamp, the half-crowns in two places, and the shillings and sixpences in one. The officer kept the money.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. How many servants have you? - A. None, but the prisoner; my wife serves in the shop, and has access to the till; it is not the prisoner's business to serve in the shop, or give change.


                  JOHN 
                  WHEELER
               



             sworn. - I am an officer, and was sent for to search the prisoner about eight o'clock yesterday morning; his master called him up, and he pulled out two half-crowns, thirteen shillings, and two sixpences, all marked, in a bit of paper.(The money produced, and identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. A boy came into the shop when my master was up stairs, and wanted a twopenny loaf; the key was in the till, and I gave him change, as I saw there was a great quantity of silver in the till; I took out nineteen shillings in silver, and two shillingsworth of penny-pieces, and put three seven-shilling-piece in for it.
Prosecutor. There was not any seven-shillingpiece. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
