







603. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ARTHUR
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GRAY
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of October
, three brass weights, value 19 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Perrot
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  PERROT
               



             sworn. Q. What is your husband's name. - A. Richard, he is a porter
, we live in Pierpent row, Lower-street, Islington


, I keep an eating house; the prisoners came in for a pennyworth of pudding, I served them, and they went out with it. About three quarters of an hour after, Mr. Lack came in and asked me if I had lost any weights, I looked, and I found I had lost a pound brass weight, a half pound and an ounce weight.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LACK
               



             sworn. I am a smith, I live at Islington. Last Monday I saw the three prisoners go by where I went to work.
Q. What time. - A. About half past three in the afternoon, Arthur and Gray went into the cook's-shop, and Williams stood looking in at the window; I went and did my job, and when I came back, it was about three quarters of an hour afterwards, I went into the shop and asked Mrs. Perrot if she had lost any weights, I had one or two chaps for stealing of weights, and I thought they had been stealing of weights. I found a two pound weight, a one pound weight, a half pound and ounce weight upon Arthur; the pound, half pound and ounce weight belonged to the prosecutrix, but this weight, I never found an owner to. I made the best of my way to the City Gardens, I looked over the fields on the bank, I saw Arthur and Williams tossing up in the fields; Gray, the little one, was standing looking on. I went up and told them they must go along with me, I tied Arthur and Williams together and searched them. On 
               Arthur
             I found a two pound weight in his left pocket; a one pound, half pound, and an ounce weight I found in his right hand pocket, two shillings and seven pence halfpenny in money. On Williams I found sixpence in halfpence. On 
               Gray
             I found nothing.
(The property produced and identified.)
Arthur's Defence. As I was coming along I met these two boys, they said they were going a little way, I went along with them; they went in for a pennyworth of pudding, and I went in for another pennyworth of pudding.
Williams's Defence. I never was in that shop, I know nothing of the shop.
Gray's Defence. Please you, my lord, he took the weights out of the scale and put them in his pocket; I asked him what they were, he said nothing. I did not know what it was till the constable searched him.
ARTHUR - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WILLIAMS, GRAY,



               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
