





24. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 22d of November
, twenty-eight yards of printed cotton, value 39 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Humphry 
                     Jones
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Hugh 
                     Jones
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  Humphrey 
                  Jones
               



             and 
               
                  Hugh 
                  Jones
               



            , they are linen draper

s at the corner of the Spread Eagle inn, Gracechurch street


. On Saturday the 22nd of November, about half past five in the evening, I was standing in the shop, I saw a quantity of printed cottons that we had placed near the door move (they were within the threshold); I ran to the door, I discovered the prisoner running up the Spread Eagle yard, he ran into a passage which leads into Leadenhall market; he turned round, saw me, and then he put the furniture under his coat and ran into Leadenhall market, I cried stop thief, he was stopped in the market by 
               
                  William 
                  Bligh
               



            , a butcher in the market; he then dropped the furniture, I picked it up, and with the assistance of the witness I brought him back to the shop and gave charge of him.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gleed.
Q. It is the custom of your shop to expose goods out of door. - A. Not after candle light; this was within the threshold of the door, perhaps a quarter of a yard, the door was open.
Q. How far might you be from the door. - A. Perhaps about ten yards.
Q. Was it a dark night. - A. No, a light night; there was a lamp in the Spread Eagle yard. I did not see any body about the door till I got into the Spread Eagle yard, and then I pursued the prisoner; I was within two yards of him when he was stopped.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLIGH
               



            . Q. You are a butcher in Leaden hall market. - A. Yes. I was standing in my shop, I heard the cry of stop thief, I saw the prisoner, and I immediately catched hold of him. I saw him drop the property.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of it.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
