





756. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     KELSO
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of October
, a cloak, value 2s. two mussing gowns, value 1l. 2s. two gowns, value 17s. an apron, value 3d a shawl, value 3d. and a night waistcoat, value 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Pritchard
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  HENRY 
                  PRITCHARD
               



             sworn. - I am a brushmaker
, and keep a house, No. 54, Newgate-street


; I lost the articles mentioned in the indictment, on Saturday last, about one O'clock in the day, from the three pair of stairs room, which is my bed-room; the prisoner was a stranger to me; on the Monday following, in consequence of information, I went with 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Malin
               



             and the constable, to the prisoner's room behind St. Geroge's-market; I found the prisoner in the room; the door was locked, and we did not get admittance for some time; we then found a cotton gown and an apron belonging to me; the officer searched the room, but found no other part of the property; she was then secured; Miss Malin keeps a school, and lodges in my house.


                  SARAH 
                  MALIN
               



             sworn. - I keep a school in the prosecutor's house: On Saturday last, a little after one o'clock, our young ladies were nearly all gone, I was going up stairs, and upon opening the door, met a person very much resembling the prisoner, but I cannot swear to her; I believe her to be the person, but she was in a very different dress when I saw her again. I asked her what was her business, she told me she came from Mrs. Peppercorn, in Newgate-market, who wished to know what I had a quarter with a little girl; I said, if she would give me her mistress's address I would wait of her; she said I had better do so; she said her mistress did not live in the market, but in lodgings, which she described very particularly, as also the situation of the shop; she then bid me good morning; she had at that time a bundle in her apron; she had neither bonnet nor cloak on; I then went to Mrs. Peppercorn, but she knew nothing of it; I afterwards went to the prisoner's apartment, and saw her there; there was a gown and an apron found, which I shall know when they are produced; the constable has them.(William Shepherd, a constable, produced the property that he had found in the prisoner's apartment.)(Mary Britchard, the wife of the prosecutor, identified the gown and the apron.)
Q. What is the value of that gown and apron? A. I suppose the gown about 4s. and the apron 3d.
Prisoner's defence. That lady has sworn false.
GUILTY, aged 21.




               Of stealing the goods, value 4s. 3d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
