





73. 
               
                  CHARLES alias 
                        
CHRISTOPHER 
                        COX
                     
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of July
, three pounds fourteen ounces of jalap, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Valentine 
                  Labrow
               




            .
VALENTINE LABROW sworn. - I am a druggist
, in St. John's-street: The prisoner has been in my employ as a carpenter
, about two years, at my house, he was employed as a weekly man; a quantity of jalap was missing on the 18th of July, and a part of it found upon the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS
               



             sworn. - I am shopman to Mr. Labrow: On the 18th of July last, there was a quantity of jalap in the warehouse, the bag had been opened, in which the jalap was in, in the middle of the day; the carpenter usually went away at six o'clock, I went back into the warehouse and saw him coming from the back part of the warehouse, with an intention to go home, when he saw me he went back, having first asked me if Mr. Bailey was gone out, I told him, no; he came into the shop, and I observed his pockets bulky; I told Mr. Ogilvy, and he said you had better go after him; I overtook him about an hundred and fifty yards from the door, when I came up to him, I told him he was wanted; he hesitated a few minutes and came back, when he came back, Mr. Ogilvy said, we have some suspicion you have got some jalap in your pocket; he said, no, I have not; he afterwards said he had got only a small bit for a friend; we then desired him to empty his pockets, and he pulled out three pounds fourteen ounces, it is worth ten shillings; Mr. Labrow not being at home we were at a loss what to do, he begged not to be sent to prison, we kept him till Mr. Labrow came home; he took an opportunity of going into the warehouse, he went up two pair of stairs, out at the sky-light, dropped down upon the tiles, and made his escape, we did not find him again till this day week; an officer came and informed us he had apprehended him.
- OGILVY sworn. - I was present when the last witness searched the prisoner; I know no more than he has stated.
Q.(To Mr. Labrow.) Had you any quantity of jalap in your warehouse? - A. I had.
Prisoner's defence. I picked it up after the things were taken away.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
