






878. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TOOLE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MURPHY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of October
, two handkerchiefs, value 8d. a table-cloth, value 3s. a bed-gown, value 3d. and an apron, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Archer
                  




               
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  ARCHER
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Archer
               



            , a blind-maker
, in Little St. Andrew's-street


; On the 23d of October, about seven in the evening, I lost some linen from a table in the shop; I went out for some coals; I returned in a minute, and the things were gone; it is an open shop; the prisoners were taken by Crocker at the door.


                  EDWARD 
                  CROCKER
               



             sworn. - On Saturday evening, the 23d of October, I with my party observed the two prisoners standing at the end of Dyot-street; they crossed over, and went into the Black Dog, and came out again; 
               
                  Michael 
                  Lee
               



             and I followed them up Great St. Andrew's-street; then they went down Little St. Andrew's-street; I observed them stop against a shop-door; I stopped on the opposite side, a little below them, and Lee went to the side on which theywere; the prisoner Murphy went into the shop; Toole stood against the end of the window, and in about two or three minutes Murphy came out with some thing on his arm; I called to Lee, and said he had got something; I went over, and secured him with the clothes on his arm; the prisoner Toole got off; I took Murphy to a public-house, and when we came out of the public-house with Murphy to go to the office, I observed the prisoner Toole, with another, coming down the street again.
Q. Are you sure it was the same person? - A. Yes, I knew them before; I then secured him. -(The property was produced, and identified by Mrs. Archer.)
Toole's defence. I never saw this young man in my life before.
Murphy. I know nothing of it.
Toole, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.
Murphy, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
