





697. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     LION
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of October
, a table cloth, value 5 s. three irons, value 3 s. and a child's frock, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bartlett
                  




               
            .
MRS. BARTLETT. My husband is a publican
, his name is 
               
                  James 
                  Bartlett
               



            , he keeps the sign of the Ship, in White Cross-street


; I lost my table-cloth out of the bar, on Saturday morning last; I lost the irons out of the kitchen, and the childs frock, I cannot say where.
Q. Why do you accuse the prisoner of it. - A. I took her up on the Saturday evening from information; then she told me of the frock; I was mentioning to a gentlemen how many things I had lost, he told me he had reason to suspect my servant; he had often seen her go to the pawnbroker's.


                  JOHN 
                  HENRY SMITH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, I live in Wood-street, Cheapside. Three flat irons, a table cloth, and a childs frock, were pawned at different times at my shop; an iron on the 12th of October; 2nd of October, an iron and another iron on the 8th of October, and a frock the 23d of October.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner pawned them. - A. No, I cannot swear to her.


                  THOMAS 
                  HEDGER
               



            . I am a constable; I took this woman in custody on Saturday night; I searched her and found the duplicates of the table cloth and the frock; she had stole more property, but she had made away with the duplicates.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. My mistress has greatly exaggerated the story; I was ill all the while I was with her; I disposed of the things to get myself medicine. I leave myself to the mercy of the gentlemen of the jury.



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
