





289. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LONG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of March
, a tea caddy, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Aaron 
                     Booth
                  




               
            .
AARON BOOTH sworn. - I keep a cabinet maker's shop
, at No. 25, Gloucester-place, lslington-green


; I know nothing of the transaction myself.


                  MARGARET 
                  BOOTH
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of the last witness: On the 10th of March I saw the prisoner come into our shop, as any person would who was coming about business, and in a minute or two he came out with a caddy under his right arm, and walked away the length of two houses, then he began to run; I went into the shop, he had not shut the door; I gave the alarm, he was followed and brought back in less than an hour.
RICHARD HOBBS sworn. - I was where Mr. Booth was at work, Mrs. Booth gave the alarm that a man had taken a caddy; I ran out immediately, I saw a man with a caddy under his arm, there were three together, one of them ran one way and the other two ran the other; I saw the man throw the caddy over an area, he was pursued and taken in Pentonville-road.
Q. Is the prisoner the man? - A. The man that had the caddy I believe to be the prisoner at the bar; I cannot be positive.


                  JOHN 
                  LUM
               



             sworn. - I was called in to take charge of the prisoner on the 10th of March. (Produces it.)
Booth. This is my caddy.
Q.(To Mrs. Booth.) How long before the prisoner was brought back had you seen the caddy? - A. About an hour.
Q. Is the prisoner the man? - A. I am positive he is the man.
Prisoner's defence. I solemnly declare I was never in the house till I was a prisoner; I was taken near a mile from the place; a man was pursued, who 
               drew
             a knife and swore, if they attempted to take him, he would stick it into them; they then let him go and seized me; half the people that took me have been kept back, because they should not give evidence in this Court.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 41.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
