







163. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PATERSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     CURETON
                  




               
             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of January

, four iron rails, value 16 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Thompson
                  



               
            ; and the latter for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  THOMPSON
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 80, St. John's square, St. John's street



.
Q. Were there any iron rails fixed to your house? - A. Yes, there were, on the 30th of January last; I was not at home at the time they were taken; they were there when I went out, which was about five o'clock in the evening, and when I returned, I had not been at home above ten minutes before Mrs. Thompson went to the door with a candle, and she missed the rails, and when I came to the door I found they were gone. While we were looking at the railing, there was a person came past, who is a witness, and from her information I went to the house kept by the prisoner, Cureton, an old iron-shop
; I went into Cureton's house, and asked her whether she had not received some property recently that she might have suspected were stolen; I told her she was a neighbour, and must know us; it was within two hundred yards; she said there was no property of any kind that she could suspect; I expostulated with her, telling her I was a neighbour, and it would be better for her to tell me of it, than give me the trouble of examining the house; I never mentioned what the property was. I then took a candle, and insisted upon searching, as she denied having received any property; I looked round the shop, and the back place; I asked her if there was any other place; she then said to her son, go down stairs, and shew the gentleman; the son went with me down stairs, and when I was down stairs I conceived that I heard the rattling of iron bars. Upon that I immediately ran up stairs, and found Cureton coming from the side of the counter in the shop; it gave me suspicion that she was doing something there that was not right; I took the candle, and began to examine by the counter, and I pulled out several bags and baskets, and behind the whole there laid the irons all of a row; I then saw my railing; I then began to be warm, and I told her I certainly would punish her, if it was in my power; I got them away as fast as possible, and gave her in charge of the constable.
Q. Did you know your rails again? - A. Yes; I found four, they are particular railing, and they are particularly painted.


                  ANN 
                  TARE
               



             sworn. - I was passing by the house of the woman prisoner between eight and nine o'clock on the 30th of January, and saw a man go into an old iron-shop with old iron rails; I informed the gentleman.


                  CHARLES 
                  CHINERY
               



             sworn. - Mr. Thompson brought the iron to me in the watch-house; I have had it in my care ever since.


                  EDWARD 
                  CROCKER
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: In consequence of information that I received I went and secured Paterson, and brought him to the watch-house.
Q. (To the prosecutor.) What do you know of the man? - A. The constable had taken him to the watch-house; when I came to the watch-house about twelve o'clock, I did not know who he was, nor that he was taken up on my charge; after he was searched by the constable, he turned himself to Cureton, and said, what money did you give for them, - did not you say you gave seven shillings and sixpence; I will not be positive whether it was to the prisoner Cureton, or her son; I went out, and when I came in again the prisoner Paterson met me at the door, and said to me, Mr. Thompson, do not give charge of me, my dear fellow, I will do any thing in the world for you, I am a stone-mason, - I will put the railing down again, and I will put the stones to rights, if you will forgive me, I am sorry for what I have done; I said, no, I would prosecute him as far as the law would go; I asked him how he could think of taking them away; he replied that he did not know what he was doing of.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You never told us a word about this at first, till you were asked by my Lord. - When you first saw this man you did not tell him it would be better to tell the truth? - A. No, nothing like it.
Q. You have heard that he is a stone-mason
? - A. I understood so.
Q. He said he would put the railing and the stones to rights? - A. Yes, he did, over and over.
Q. Do you know these rails by some mark? - A. I can swear to them.
Q. Are they different rails from all others? - A. There is not one in fifty like them.
Q. Will you swear that you never saw any like them? - A. There are none like them in the neighbourhood; I know the neighbourhood very well, I have been there twenty years.
Q. With respect to Mrs. Cureton, she told you that which you have not told us, namely, that whoever brought these rails, brought them while she was in bed and sick, and she knew nothing at all about it? - A. She said she was in the other room.
Q. You had not told us any thing about that - you bring new lights on the subject every minute. She said she was in the other room, and a man had thrown them in - she said so, did not she? - A. The son said that the mother received it at the time she was in the other room, and did not know what it was.
Q. Did not she say, that when they werethrown in, she was in the other room, and very ill in bed? - A. She might, but it is a very little room, it is altogether like one; she might see as she lay in bed what passed in the other room.
Q. You did not see her in bed - you saw the bed-room? - A. I did.
Q. Supposing her to be lying in bed there, could she see what passed in the other room? - A. She might see if she would; if you covered her over she could not.
Q. What is there particular in your railing that you know it by? - A. It is a particular railing, it screws into the wood-work, and fastens in the iron; I can swear to it.
Q. (To Chinery.) Were you present - did you hear any thing pass between the prisoner and the prosecutor? - A. I heard Paterson beg very hard to Mr. Thompson not to make a charge of it, and he would refit the stones and railing; Mr. Thompson said he would prosecute as far as the law would allow; I took this bar, and it fitted the hole in the wood and the stone.
Paterson's defence. I would have sooner given fifty pounds than it should have happened; I am as innocent of the crime as a child unborn.
Cureton left her defence to her Counsel, and called five witnesses who gave her a good character.
Paterson called one witness, who gave him a good character.
Paterson, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Cureton, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 59.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
