







123. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     DOW
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JONES
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JULIET 
                     SHAW
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 16th of December
 eighteen yards and a half of printed cotton, value 20 s
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Davis
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  REES
               



             sworn. I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Davis
               



            , linen draper
 in Holborn


: at eight o'clock in the morning on the 16th of December I put out the piece of print on an iron bar, I saw it there at three o'clock, and we missed it about five o'clock.


                  EDWARD 
                  CROCKER
               



             sworn. I am one of the patroles belonging to Bow street. I was going along High Holborn, a little before five o'clock in the evening on Friday the sixteenth of December, I observed the prisoner Jones walking before me knowing of her induced me to follow her at a little distance; before her I saw the other two, they all three met together at a shop before they came to Mr. Davis's; there was some cottons put out at that door a person came out and watched them, they went away; they then went up to Mr. Davis's and stood two or three minutes together before the shop window, all three together; the prisoner Dow and Jones left the prisoner Shaw at the window; the prisoner Shaw took her apron and throwed it over her left arm; I could see her left arm work as if she was taking something into her apron; she followed the other two and went up the hill, she walked two or three yards with them and then crossed over, as she crossed on the opposite side I took hold of her and took her into a shop with this piece of cotton in her lap; I left her with the shopkeeper and went and secured the other two as they stood in the street looking after her; Jones had a piece of print in her lap which I could not get any owner to.
REES. It is Mr. Davis's cotton, there is eightteen yards and a half, it is the same piece, the number of yards is on it in my own writing.
Shaw's Defence. I was going down middle Holborn, I met a woman with a red cloak, she asked me if I would do her a favour, I told her I would as far as lay in my power, she gave me this piece of cotton, and told me to go to Turnstile, and she would follow me, I went on, and the officer laid hold of me.
Jones's Defence. I had been to buy a new gown, which Crocker took away from me; I know no more of the fact than a stranger.
Dow's Defence. I was going up Grays's Inn-lane to see what o'clock it was; Mr. Crocker took hold of us, and said I had a bit of cotton.
DOW - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
JONES - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
SHAW - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
