






 254. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     EVE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 15th of March
, a coat, value 1 l. a key, value 1 d. and a dollar, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Ryan
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  RYAN
               



            . I am a labouring man
.
Q. What is the prisoner. - A. He lodged in the same house where I did, at 
               
                  John 
                  Marley
               



            's, No. 2, Short's-lane, St. Giles's


; the prisoner and I laid in the same bed; I went to bed at ten o'clock on the 15th of March.
Q. Was the prisoner in bed when you went to bed. - A. Yes. When I went to bed I laid my coat on the chair by the bed; at twelve o'clock I awoke, and found the prisoner gone, and my coat; I saw him again on the Friday following early in the morning; I called out catch him, and he ran into a necessary and shut the door after him. I gave him in charge of a constable; the prisoner said he had sold the coat to a jew.
Q. Are you sure the crown piece was in the coat pocket and the key. - A. I am sure it was.
Q. Did you ever find the crown piece. - A. No.
- DONALDSON. I took the prisoner into custody out of a necessary in Pipe-maker's alley; I took him to the watchhouse; I searched him, and found two duplicates and a key; immediately I put the key down the prosecutor said it is my key; on looking over the duplicates I saw they did not answer to this robbery; I said what have you done with this poor fellow's things; he answered I have sold them to a jew for fifteen shillings.
Q. You did not find the dollar. - A. No; the prosecutor has brought the lock to prove that the key found on the prisoner fits the lock.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
