





376. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of April
, a wrapper, value 1s. and twelve pieces of linen cloth, each containing twenty-one yards, value 27l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Dibbin
                        




                     
                  , in an out-house belonging to his dwelling-house
            .


                  HENRY 
                  DIBBIN
               



             sworn. - I keep an Inn-yard
; I am agent to a carrier, I live in Basing-lane


; I was robbed on the evening of the 22d of April, the property was taken from the warehouse under the dwelling-house; I was not at home at the time of the loss.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. The warehouse is a ground-floor of the dwelling-house. -A. Yes.
Court. Q. It is a part of your dwelling-house? - A. Yes.
Q. Does it extend beyond your house? - A. No.


                  ROBERT 
                  WATSON
               



             sworn. - I am book-keeper to Mr. Dibbin: On the 22d of April, I received a truss of linen from Messrs. Scott and Company, in Smithefield; I received it from Reeves, the porter, it was deposited in the warehouse with the other goods, about six o'clock, or between six and seven o'clock; I left the warehouse at seven.


                  JOHN 
                  JACKSON
               



             sworn. - I am a box-makerOn the 22d of April, about a quarter before nine o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner with a truss upon his shoulder, and another man by the side of him; from his manner of carrying it, and seeming to be in haste, it gave me a suspicion that it did not belong to him; I followed him to the top of Distaff-lane, the prisoner, and the other man, went into a court called Crown-court, and pitched the load in the court; the prisoner stopped with it, and the other man went away; my father being an officer of that parish, I went and informed him what I had seen; he immediately came and took the prisoner.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. At nine o'clock at night, I suppose it was about dark? - A. Yes.
Q. How far did you walk? - A. About twenty yards.
Q. On the same side of the way? - A. No.
Q. You did not see the face of the person, you know? - A. No: I could not see his face on account of the truss.
Q. How long were you gone for your father? - A. I suppose, about half a minute; it was only the length of four houses; I never lost sight of the end of the court.
Q. Will you venture to swear, that the person you saw with the truss when you came back with your father, was the same you had left there? - A. I believe it was the same man.
Q. What coat had he on? - A. A brown coat.
Q. That is not very remarkable - what stockings had be on? - A. Blue and white.
Q. That is equally remarkable - what was the colour of the coat that the other man had on? - A. Blue.
Q. Are you sure it was a blue coat? - A. He was on the outside of the prisoner, and being dark, I cannot swear positively it was blue.
Q. The other man was between you and the person you suppose to be the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Q. Consequently you had a much better opportunity of observing him than the person carrying the truss? - A. I took more notice of the man that carried the truss than I did the other.
Q. Did you go into your father's house? - A. No.
Q. Nor turn from the court at all? - A. No.
Q. Did you walk backwards then? - A. My back was to it when I went to call my father.
Court. Q. Have you any doubt, that the person that you saw when you came back with your father, was the same man that you had seen with the truss? - A. Not the least.


                  EDWARD 
                  ALLERTON
               



             sworn. - I am a calico-glazer, I work up Crown-court: On the 22d of April, between eight and nine o'clock, an alarm was given, on suspicion that a man had stole a truss; I came down the court, and saw the truss at the distance of three or four yards from the corner of Crown-court, and the prisoner at the corner near the truss; I went to the truss, and asked who it belonged to, if it belonged to him; and the prisoner made answer, yes; I asked him again if it was his property; and he said, yes, it was his property, that there was a gentleman gone for a coach; that was all that passed, except going up to him, and examining him; I looked him in the face.
Q. Look at the prisoner, is that the same man? - A. Yes, it is.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JENNINGS
               



             sworn. - I am a calico-glazer: I was coming out of Crown-court, in the Old-change, and saw the prisoner at the bar standing there with a truss; I am sure the prisoner is the man.


                  JOHN 
                  READ
               



             sworn. - I am porter to Messrs. Scott, Kenworthy, and Scott, in Smithfield: I delivered the truss at Gerrard's-hall, Basing-lane, about six o'clock in the evening; I delivered it at the warehouse, to be forwarded to Bristol.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKSON
               



             sworn. - I am a painter: On the 22d of April, about a quarter before nine, I went to Crown-court, and I saw a truss lie three or four yards up the court, and the prisoner at the end of the court; I looked at the truss, and took down the direction of it, and by that I found who it belonged to; I took possession of the truss, and have had it ever since; it weighed one hundred and a quarter.
Watson. This is the truss that I took in on the 22d of April, I know it by the mark S P S, Bristol; it has never been opened.
Q. How do you know the contents of it? - A. By the invoice. (The truss was opened, and found to contain linen cloth.
Q. (To Read.) Did you see this truss packed? - A. I did not; but I can swear to the goods, and I can swear to the marking of it.
Q. Is twenty-seven pounds the value of it? - A. Yes.
Mr. Gurney contended that the property was proved not to be in an out-house, but a part of the dwelling-house.
Court. I am certainly with you upon that point, for it is only the lower part of the dwelling-house.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Court. (To Dibbin.) Q. How far is Distaff-lane from your house? - A. Between three and four hundred yards; rather less than more.
GUILTY, (Aged 25.)




               Of stealing, but not in an out-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
