






140. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LITTLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of December
, seventy-three pounds of pork, value 30s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Bowler
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  BOWLER
               



             sworn. - On Wednesday morning, the 9th of December, about three o'clock, 
               
                  William 
                  Duncan
               



            , the watchman, called me up, and said, my shop in Clare-market


 was broke open; I went and found the padlock broke off; I afterwards found the prisoner in the Three Tuns public-house, about eight o'clock, without his hat, and with one shoe on; I searched for the pork in the stable of the public-house, where three pieces were found, one piece I can swear to; the preceding day the prisoner had been with me to Whitechapel, to fetch this very same pork home; I had 116 pounds of it, and I weighed what was left, which shewed me 73 pounds were taken; he said he knew nothing about it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DUNCAN
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman: On the 9th of December, the prisoner came to me about two o'clock in the morning, and asked me to go with him and drink; I said, I would not: he said, if you will go with me, I'll give you a shilling, but I would not; about a quarter before three, I heard a noise in Bowler's shop, and there was the prisoner with the door wide open, and coming out of the shop with three pieces of park; when he saw me, he chucked them into a tub; I laid hold of him, upon which he said he wanted to case himself; I let him stoop down, and he slipped under my arm, and ran away, but left his hat and shoe behind him; he was found in the morning, and three pieces of pork were found in a manager.

Q. 
            (To Bowler.) How can you swear to the pork that was found? - A. I can swear to one out of the three, because it has got a scratch on the rind, and is the very same piece I told him to cut a piece off for his supper.
Prisoner's defence. I got up at four o'clock to go to work, and going down the market, I saw this watchman and a girl; I asked him to go to Drury-lane to have something to drink; he would not, but I went, and when I came back again, I was going to ease myself by the door, and he came and laid hold of me; I went to work till eight o'clock, and when I went to the public-house, they took me; I should not have gone there if I had stole the pork. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
