





615. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SIMMISTER
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of May
, twenty-eight pounds of rice, value 8s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George-Jacob 
                     Jordan
                  



               
            .
Second Count. Charging it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Alexander
                  



               
            .
GEORGE JACOB JORDAN sworn. - I am a carrier
, from the George, Snow-hill, to Sunbury; On Saturday, the 30th of May, I received a parcel from Mr. Alexander's man, it was directed to R. Evans, Hampton-court; I went on to Leicester-square, and there I stopped near St. Martin's-street, about two minutes; I then got up, and drove to the Black bear, Piccadilly; I then missed the parcel, but I thought it might have go down behind the other things, till I got to Hampton-court, and then I was sure it was lost; I then drove home to Sunbury.
GEORGE DONALDSON sworn. - I am a constable: On the 30th of May, going along Hemmings's-row, I met the prisoner with two other men; and knowing the prisoner to be a man of bad character, and a thief, and seeing him with a bundle upon his shoulder, I stopped him; I laid hold of him by the collar; I said, I have got you now, Jack; we had a struggle, and he got away from me; with the assistance of another man, I took him into a public-house, and there tied his hands; I then took him to Bow-street; we found a bill of parcels, which led to a discovery of who it belonged to.
JOSEPH TOWNSEND sworn. - I am a patrole belonging to Bow-street; the prisoner was brought to Bow-street, by Donaldson; I opened the parcel and found this bill of parcels. (Produces it).


                  WILLIAM 
                  GROOM
               



             sworn. - I am a servant toHadge, a servant of Mr. Alexander; it is dated the 27th of May; it is directed to Mr. Evans, Hampton Court.
Q.Where is Hedge? - A. In Wales.
Jordan. - This is the parcel I received from Mr. Alexander.
- DAVIES sworn. - I was going through Hemmings's-row and the constable and the prisoner were scuffling; the constable charged me to aid and assist in the King's name; I had a load, I took my load into the White Lion, and came out to assist the constable; we took him into the house.
Prisoner's defence. - I know nothing at all of it; I had not the bundle; I made no resistance.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
