






49. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     HALL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of November
, a cap, value 3 s. 6 d. and thirty-six yards of ribbon, value 1 l. 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary-Ann 
                           Russell
                        




                     
                  , privately in her shop
            .
MARY-
               
                  ANN 
                  RUSSELL
               



             sworn. - I live in High Holborn, at No. 239, I am a lodger, I keep a milliner's-shop
: I was not in the shop when the prisoners first came in, my sister was; when 
               
                  Mary 
                  Davis
               



             came back she offered to pay for the cap; I charged three shillings and sixpence for the cap, she put down three shillings for the cap on the counter, and it remained there for a quarter of an hour.
Q. Did she offer to pay for it before the constable was sent for, or mentioned? - A. No, afterwards; and missing the ribbons I would not take the money; the ribbons were never found, the cap was found in Sarah Hall's possession.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Was the cap an old shop-keeper? - A. It had been made about a week.
Q. Had any body looked at the cap? - A. Yes.
Q. The cap was not complete for sale? - A. It was not trimmed.
Court. Q. It was fit for sale? - A. Yes; we sell untrimmed caps as well as trimmed ones.
ISABELLA RUSSELL sworn. - Q. What age are you? - A. Fourteen.
Q. Do you assist in the shop? - A. Yes.
Q. Look at the two prisoners at the bar, and tellme whether you saw them on Tuesday evening, the 6th of November? - A. Yes; they came in together, between five and six o'clock; when they came in, they asked me if a dress-milliner lived there of the name of Jones; I told them no; 
               
                  Mary 
                  Davis
               



             asked if we sold coloured ribbons; I said yes; I asked her what colour, and shewed her some ribbons; and while I was shewing her some ribbons, Sarah Hall tried on a velvet hat, and knocked down the cap.
Q. Was it the cap that was afterwards found? - A. Yes; Sarah Hall then had a bit of ribbon for a shoe-string, and paid for it; and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Davis
               



             had a bit of white ribbon for a viel, they both together came to eight-pence, Hall paid for the two; then they went out of the shop.
Q. At this time, had you any other customer in the shop? - A. No; nor any other person serving in the shop but myself, my sister was not in the shop; I was putting the things to rights in the window after they went out, and I missed a cap.
Q. Did either Davis or Hall, while they were there, bargain for a cap? - A. No.
Q. When you missed the cap, did you tell your sister of it? - A. Yes.
Q. How long did they stay in the shop? - A. About five minutes; we missed the ribbon while 
               
                  Mary 
                  Davis
               



             was in the shop, when she came back.
Q. In consequence of your telling your sister that the cap was gone, what did you do? - A. I went after them immediately; they had not got a great way in Holborn when I overtook them, they were together; I asked them if they had not catched a cap up in their muffs some how; they said no; they told me I might feel in their muffs if I liked, I must be mistaken; I had better go and look on the floor; I felt in 
               
                  Mary 
                  Davis
               



            's muff; it was not there; Hall took the things out of her muff herself, and shook it, and it was not there; at that time, my sister Charlotte came up; the prisoners said they would come back to the shop; my sister desired them to come back, and they came back; when they were a few doors from our house, Sarah Hall ran away; we brought Davis back, and she said she knew nothing more of Sarah Hall than that she had a gown made where her pelisse was made which she had on; she said she did not know where she lived; then the ribbon was missed, while 
               
                  Mary 
                  Davis
               



             was in the shop; we missed a piece of purple and a piece of pink; 
               
                  Mary 
                  Davis
               



             had the purple in her hand when she first came in with Hall, and asked what it was a yard; I told her 6 d.
Q. Was the purple or pink ribbon ever found? - A. No.
Q. Do you know how much in quantity there was of it? - A. No, my sister does.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. The other prisoner (Hall) was the person near the window where the cap was? - A. Yes.

Q. Mary Davis
             was with you when the cap fell down? - A. Yes.
Q. Now with respect to the ribbon, did you see it plain enough in her hand? - A. Yes.
Q. Mary Davis made no objection to come back? - A. No.
Q. And when you made a charge of a cap, that cap the offered to pay for? - A. Yes.
Mr. Alley. Q. I understood you to say that Sarah Hall never touched the ribbon at all? - A. No.
Court. (To Mary-
               
                  Ann 
                  Russell
               



            .) Q. You were alarmed by your sister, and in consequence of that came into your shop? - A. Yes.
Q. When you came into your shop, did you miss any thing? - A. Not exactly at the minute.
Q. How long after Davis was brought back that you missed the ribbon? - A. About ten minutes; then I told 
               Davis
             I certainly should not take pay for the cap, and begged her to give up the other prisoner; she denied any knowledge of her whatever; she had met her once at a dress milliner's; the cap was found in Sarah Hall's possession.
Q. How long after Davis was taken up, was Hall found? - A. That very day week: the cap I have seen since at the office.
Q. How much ribbon did you miss? - A. Eighteen yards of each, they were pieces on a roller.
Q. What was the price of your ribbon? - A. Twenty-two shillings the two pieces.
Q. Did you ever know any person living there of the name of Jones? - A. No; I have lived there three years.


                  EDWARD 
                  CROCKER
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of Bow-street: On Monday, after the prisoner Davis was taken into custody, I went to the examination, and hearing there was another woman with her, I asked the little girls some questions; she described the other woman to me, and in consequence of her information, I went after Hall, and I took her on the Tuesday following; I told her what I took her for, and she said that she did not know any thing about it.
Q. Did you search her? - A. Not at that time; she was identified by the little girl at the office; I then went afterwards, and searched Hall's lodgings with 
               
                  Richard 
                  Limerick
               



            ; I found this cap in a drawer in the same room where I took her; the door was locked, and we broke it open. (The cap produced and identified by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner. Q. You took two caps at my lodgings? - A. I did.
Davis left her defence to her Counsel.
Hall's defence. This cap I made, and the two caps are my own that he found in my lodging.
Davis called three witnesses, who gave her a good character.

Hall called one witness, who gave her a good character
Davis, GUILTY, aged 27,
Hall, GUILTY, aged 31,
Of 


               stealing to the value of 3 s. 6 d.
            






               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
