






678. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     ROGERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of October
, one hundred feet of crown glass squares, value 3 l. and a deal box, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Brown 
                     Young
                  



               
            .
Second Count. For like offence, only laying it to be the property of 
               
                  Brown 
                  Young
               



            , and 
               
                  Robert-Lake 
                  Young
               



            .


                  BROWN 
                  YOUNG
               



             sworn. - On Monday the 7th of October, very late in the evening, two officers of Worship-street office called at my house and said, they had taken a man with a box of glass, and describing the box.


                  JOHN 
                  BOTT
               



             sworn. - I am a patrol belonging to Worship-street: On Monday, October the 7th about eight o'clock in the evening, I was coming through Motley-court, Shoreditch, I saw the prisoner carrying a box; I asked him what he was carrying of, he told me it was glass; I asked him where he was going to take it; he told me to a glazier just by, but he could not tell me his name; I asked him if he had got a bill of parcels of it, he gave me a piece of paper. (The paper handed to the Court.)
Court. This is no bill of parcels.
Bott. I then told him I was an officer, and I would give him no farther trouble than my duty required, I would go with him to where he was going to take it; I went with him to a glazier's shop in Phipp-street; I knocked at the door and asked if any glass was coming to that place, he said that is not the house.
Q. Did he stop at that door? - A. Yes; he then said it is further on; I went with him to the corner of Willow-street, where there is a glazier's shop; there is a public-house at the corner, says he, let us go into this house; I said, no, let us go to this glazier's shop. I went first and knocked at the door, a woman came out, I asked for the glazier if he was at home; she said, no, he was over the way at the public-house; I asked her if she knew of any glass coming, the prisoner was close by at the time; she said, no, but she would fetch her husband; she fetched him; I asked him if he was the person belonging to the shop, and if he expected any glass, and whether he knew any thing of this? he said, yes, and says to the prisoner, they are 9-8ths, John, are not they? the prisoner replied, no, they are 12-8ths. The prisoner said, the glazier's name was Pool; I then said to Pool, I suppose you have a bill of parcels of them; Pool made reply, I know nothing at all about him. The prisoner seemed much confused, I then told him I was an officer, and he should go before a Magistrate, and give a better account of himself; the prisoner then turned round in the most violent manner; I was dragged and kicked by the legs, after I had took hold of him by the collar, he got away from me, by leaving this piece of his jacket in my hand; this is the piece of his velveteen jacket (shewing it); I took the box to the office, and Poole along with me; he was examined; this is the box I took from the prisoner, it has been opened, it contains glass.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn. - On Monday the 7th of October, I and Kennedy were going home, we took the prisoner by the description we had received from Bott a few minutes before.
Q. Had he his jacket tore when you took him? - A. He had another velveteen jacket on then; I met him and two more men in Shoreditch, about half after ten at night, or a quarter to eleven; I had passed him, and we returned, and he and two men were standing by the side of a door, and one had knocked; I said, it is late, my friends, what do you do here? he said he had come for a pair of breeches; I said is this a tailor's? he said, yes. I said, I must know what you are; one man said, tell who you are, you are a glass-man, and live with a man in the city; I had seen the glass, and had been with Messrs. Young; I said there has been a robbery, or a felony, I shall take you; then Kennedy and I secured him, and took him to the office.
Q. Had you any difficulty in taking him? - A. There was some little resistance, two men being with him, and we resisted with the party, but we did take him.
ROBERT-LAKE YOUNG sworn. - Q. This man lived with you and your partner, Mr. 
               
                  Brown 
                  Young
               



            ? - A. Yes, he had lived with us about six months.
Q. When did you hear of the prisoner being stopped? - A. About nine o'clock in the evening on the 7th of October; the next morning I looked over our stock, and missed a box.
Q. Look at that box, is that your property? - A. I have no doubt of it; we lost glass of this description, the box has our mark on it, and that is the sort of glass we had in the box.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. - Q. The mark is not put on by yourself? - A. It is not.
Court. Q. The box has that mark put on to convey the glass to you from Newcastle? - A. Yes.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Do you sell your crown glass in boxes? - A. No.
Q. Supposing you have a country correspondent, after you have opened them, do you send them in boxes? - A. Yes; and they are all marked with the same initials; we found we missed this quantity.
Q. You say he lived with you six months; during the time he lived with you, did he maintain a good character? - A. A very good character; we always had the highest opinion of him.
Court. Q. You entrusted him with the key ofthe warehouse? - A. Yes; we missed only this box.
- POOLE sworn. - Q. Had you agreed with this man for the purchase of this glass, or was he to bring you any glass? - A. No.
Q. The glass that was brought to your house was without any authority from you? - A. Entirely.
Q. You never bought of him before? - A. Never.
Prisoner's defence. I never had the box in my possession at all; it was my master's groom that had it.
Court. Q. You heard this man say he saw you with it? - A. He said wrong; I never had it in my arms, or on my shoulders; I had never any thing at all to do with it.
Mr. Knapp. 
               Q. 
            (To Bott). Are you quite sure that the prisoner had the box with him? - A. I am quite sure the prisoner had the box on his arm; he had another man with him; I took it from the prisoner myself, he had it in his possession when I took him, after that he shifted it, and the other man carried it.

Q. 
            (To Poole). Who had the box when you came to your door? - A. I saw two men stand at my shop door with this said box; this gentleman and the prisoner; the prisoner and Bott were the only two men that were with the box.
The prisoner called one witness who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
