





492. 
               
                  MARY 
                  EVANS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 29th of August
, a yard of Kidderminster carpet, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Sadgrove
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Sadgrove
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SADGROVE
               



             sworn. I am an upholsterer
, I live in Moorfields


; the prisoner was my servant
.


                  JOHN 
                  RAY
               



             sworn. I was in company with Armstrong on the 29th of August at an old iron shop, Raven row, Spital Fields; when we were in the shop the prisoner at the bar came just with in the threshold of the door with something of that kind wrapped up in his apron; the shop is kept by a jew; he gave the prisoner a wink with his eye and a nod with his head, he immediately turned out of his shop and I immediately followed him; about ten yards from the shop I got hold of him, I told him I was an officer of Worship street office, and I would certainly see what he had got in his apron, I looked in his apron, I saw this bit of carpeting, I then asked where he lived or who he worked for, he said that was no business of mine; I searched his pockets, I found a letter with Mr. Sadgrove's direction, I sent down to Mr. Sadgrove, he came up to the office and said it was his property.
(The property identified by the prosecutor).
Prisoner's Defence. I took the piece of carpet to carry a bedstread; I never was in any jew's shop in my life, I was walking along, the officer stood on the cill of the door, he asked me what I had got there, I said I had a bit of carpet.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
