






218. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     DAVISON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     TURVEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of January
, a gown, value 6 s. five handkerchiefs, value 2 s. 6 d. two aprons, value 2 s. four pieces of bed-furniture, value 5 s. a shift, value 3 s. a flannel petticoat, value 1 s. 6 d. a bolster-case, value 6 d. a table-cloth, value 1 s. a pocket, value 6 d. and a pair of stockings, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Read
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  READ
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 7, Chapel-street, Tottenham-Court road


, and sell books and songs
; the prisoners came in to look at some songs; they asked for Black-eyed Susan; about ten minutes after, three men came in; the men were very noisy, and there was a noise in the next room; I did not hear my drawers open; Davison opened my drawers; nobody else was nigh them but her; she took out my gown, five handkerchiefs, two white aprons, four pieces of bed-furniture, one pair of stockings, a pocket, a bolster-case, and some articles besides.
Q. Did you see them take them? - A. No, I did not; the men stood round me and baffled me so that I could not see; Davison got behind me as soon as the men came in.
Q. Did you find the things? - A. No, the officer found them, while I was gone to the pawnbroker the officer met me with the things.


                  EDWARD 
                  CROCKER
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: on Saturday, the 14th of January, at a quarter past nine at night, I was going up Tottenham-Court road, and, by the end of Windmill-street, I met the two prisoners and three men behind them; I let them pass me, and I followed them towards Oxford-street; the women parted from the men at the end of Hosier-court; I got a man to assist me, and took the two women into custody; the three men ran away; I secured the women, and took them into a shop, and in the prisoner Turvey's apron was the property I now produce; I asked her where she had got it; she said she found it; I took them to St. Pancras watch-house, close by where the prosecutrix lived; a person came into the watch-house and gave the alarm of the robbery when I came in with the property.
Q. Did you know the women before? - A. Yes, I have seen them; I knew the men very well; I apprehended two of the men afterwards, but the prosecutrix could not identify them.
Q.(To the Prosecutrix.) Who took them out of the drawers? - A. Davison took them out of the drawers.
Davison's defence. I never stirred from the counter, nor was nigh her drawers, and when I came out at the street, facing the shop, this woman picked up the bundle.
Turvey's defence. I picked up the bundle at the second turning coming from the shop; I went up as far as Tottenham-Court road, and coming along I met with 
               
                  Jane 
                  Davison
               



            ; she said she was going to Oxford-street, to see her brother; I went into that woman's shop to buy a song; I am a stranger in London.
Davison called one witness, who gave her a good character.
(The property produced, and identified by the prosecutrix.)
Davison, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 34,
Turvey, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 39,





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
