





179. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DESTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of December
, a coat, value 38s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Summers
                     



                   and 
                     
                        John 
                        Prosser
                     



                  , privately in their shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PROSSER
               



             sworn. - My partner, 
               
                  John 
                  Summers
               



            , and myself, are tailors

, No. 415, in the Strand


: On the 22d of December, about eight o'clock in the evening, two young men came into the shop, and asked me if I had a waistcoat like that which one had on; I told them, no, and they went out, leaving the door open; I went round to shut it, and immediately a constable brought the coat and prisoner in.
Q. Was the prisoner one of the young men who had been in the shop? - A. No; the coat was made for a gentleman in St. Paul's Church yard; I had seen it about half past seven, for I put it down on a desk about two yards from the door; no other person had been in the shop but those two young men that I saw.
GEORGE DONALDSON sworn. - I am a constable of St. Martin's: On the 22d of December, as I was going down the Strand, about a quarter past eight, I saw the prisoner and a boy together, which excited my suspicion; they were about five yards from Mr. Summers's shop-door when I first saw them; I immediately caught the prisoner by the collar, and the boy run off as hard as he could; I then took the prisoner back to Mr. Prosser's.
Q. Had you seen him come out? - A. No; seeing him so close to their shop with a great coat on his arm, I suspected him; as I was going into the door two young men rushed past me; directly I thought they were the two partners, or I should have stopped them.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Did you see the boy deliver it to the prisoner? - A. No; I saw it on the prisoner's arm.
Q. It was after you had taken the prisoner that the two men came out? - A. Yes; I thought they were the partners alarmed at the robbery, and running after the thief.
Prisoner's defence. I had been of an errand, and a lad came up and asked me if I wanted to buy a great coat; I said, let me look at it, and I carried it four or five yards to a window to look at it, and that man took me back into the shop.
GUILTY, aged 19.
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
