





173. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of February
, two pieces of muslin, containing, in length, ten yards,value 30s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Chaloner
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  CHALONER
               



             sworn. - I am a linendraper
, at Smithfield-bars


: On Monday the 10th of this month, about four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came to my shop, and brought two children with her; she asked me to let her look at some cloth; I desired my young man to shew it her at the bottom of the shop; he came to me in a few minutes, and told me he missed two pieces of muslin; upon that I looked, and missed two pieces from the bottom counter, where the prisoner was; upon which, I came to the prisoner, as she was walking towards the door; I told her she had got more than she had paid for; she said she had not; I told her, I knew she had, and I sent my young man out for a constable; I took her back to the counter, and she took out one piece from under her arm, saying, that if she had got any thing, that was all she had got; I perceived another between her gown and her clothes; the constable then came in, and I gave him charge of her; she laid both pieces down upon the counter; I gave the muslin to the constable.
Q. Was there nothing done from which you could collect that she took this property? - A. I did not myself, my young man served her.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Has any body any interest in your business, besides yourself? - A. No.
Q. How many persons serve in the shop? - A. Me and my young man, and occasionally Mrs. Chaloner, but she went out about half an hour before this, and just as the constable came, she came in.


                  CHARLES 
                  WINDSOR
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Chaloner; the prisoner came to the bottom of the shop, and I shewed her some cloth; she did not think the first I shewed her fine enough, upon which I went to the far end of the shop to get another finer; there were five pieces of muslin when I left her, she was close to the counter; on my return, I found but three pieces; I immediately informed Mr. Chaloner of it; I then went to the prisoner, and she bought some cloth immediately, which amounted to four shillings and eight-pence; after that, she was in a particular hurry to get away, she would not stop to have the cloth put in paper; Mr. Chaloner challenged her with the two pieces of muslin, and sent me for a constable; on my return with tho constable, she had delivered up the two pieces, which were given to the constable; they belonged to Mr. Chaloner, I know them by the private mark at the corner of each piece, in Mr. Chaloner's hand-writing, they are worth twenty shillings.
Q. Did you see her take them? - A. No, I did not.
Q. Was there any body in the shop besides you and your master? - A. There were several customers.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Are you sure you did not see her take it? - A. Yes.
Q. But you saw her arm moving towards it? - A. Yes; I saw her arm drop from the counter.
Q. And that must have been the time that she took it? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  CARLISLE
               



             sworn. - I am a constable,(produces two pieces of muslin); I received them from Mr. Chaloner; I have had them ever since.
Chaloner. These are my muslin; the mark is neither letters nor figures, but it is a mark that we used to know how to sell our goods by.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Will you swear you had not sold any muslin that day? - A. I cannot; I know I had a bundle open that day.
Prisoner's defence. I am entirely innocent of the crime that is laid to my charge.
The prisoner called six witnesses, who gave her a good character.
GUILTY. (Aged 30.)




               Of stealing the goods, but not privately in the shop
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
