





692. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     WARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 30th of September
, a silk purse, value 6 d. and twenty two guineas
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Elias 
                     Hendrickson
                  




               
            .


                  ELIAS 
                  HENDRICKSON
               



            . Q. Do you know the womon at the bar - A. I saw her on the 29th of last September; I was with her on the night between the 29th and the 30th, in King's Arms Gardens


, she robbed me of twenty two guineas that night. A countryman of mine kept the house, he is a Swede, I do not know his name. I took my jacket off and laid it on a chair, there was a silk purse with two and twenty guineas in it; that purse was in my jacket pocket; the prisoner went to bed and took my jacket into bed.
Q. Did you see her take your jacket in bed - A. Yes; she said nothing when she took it into bed.
Q. Did you ask her what she was going to do with the jacket - A. No; I saw her do it, and while I was in bed I heard the money jingle just after she went to bed; I asked her what she was doing with the money; she said nothing, I thought she would not he guilty of taking it; I trusted her too much.
Q. Do you mean that she said nothing, or that she was silent - A. She did not speak. My countryman was getting his supper, and then I go into bed to her. Inthe morning she went out and said she would go and buy some tea for breakfast.
Q. Were you in bed then - A. Yes.
Q. What was she to buy the tea with - A. I do not know; she went out, I went sleeping on till nine o'clock; I think she went out two hours before that, I was half awake and half asleep when she went out; the man at whose house I was came in and awoke me at nine o'clock; I found my jacket lying on the bed; I felt in the pocket, the money and the purse were gone.
Q. Where was the woman - A. She was in the room at the same time, she had come back; I told them that she had stole my money; she said she had not stolen it.
Q. Are you sure your money was in your jacket pocket when you went to bed - A. Yes, and she owned that.
Q. Who was in this room after she went to bed - when she was in the room with you - A. There was my countryman, his wife, and a small boy, about five or six years old.
Q. You took her to the watchhouse, did you - A. Yes.
Q. Did you find your purse ever - A. No. She told me that she heaved the purse out in the street.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . Q. You are a police officer - A. Yes. On the 30th of September, I was informed the prisoner was in Shadwell office; I went to her, and searched her and found nothing; I apprehended Mrs. Ward, and then I went to the prisoner, and told her I had apprehended Mrs. Ward, and I had got the remainder of the money. She acknowledged then that she had taken the money from the man; there is thirteen guineas in gold, and some articles that were bought with the other money; I mentioned a beaver hat, the prisoner had bought of Mr. Salter, the hatter, two pair of shoes, stockings, and several other articles; I told her she had given Mrs. Ward two pair of stockings, and I took off two gold rings from the prisoner's finger, that I was informed by Mrs. Ward, she had bought of Mr. Mitchell, the pawnbroker. The prisoner then said she had taken the remainder of the twenty two guineas to Mrs. Ward to take care of for her, thirteen guineas she said; there is thirteen guineas that I received from Mrs. Appleby, and here are articles she bought; and this two pair of stockings I had from Mrs. Ward; I went to Mrs. Appleby for the thirteen guineas with Mrs. Ward.
MARY WARD. On the 30th of September, about half an hour after seven o'clock, I saw the prisoner going up Kings Arms gardens, she had got a little boy by her side; she asked me to go with her to buy some shoes, as I understood them; I went with her to a shop in Old Gravel Lane; she bought a pair of half boots, a pair of shoes, and a pair of pattens; she changed a guinea, I believe they came to sixteen shillings; she then went and bought a hat for fifteen shillings; she gave a guinea and took the change; she bought sixpennyworth of rolls for breakfast, some tea and sugar, and two pair of stockings; the bought two rings. She said a man had promised her marriage; she changed a guinea, for the two rings; after we had bought these things I bought her two water tubs, which she had taken home to my house; the shoes, hat, and stockings I took care of; the rings she put on her; I took them to my house first, then I sent my girl with them to Mrs. Appleby's; she gave me thirteen guineas, to take care of, as she had no pockets. Mr. Brown asked me what I had got; I told him directly. I put the thirteen guineas in a box because they should not be lost.
Q. Afterwards you went with the officer to Mrs. Appleby's and got the clothes you had sent her, and the box with the thirteen guineas - A. Yes.
Q. to Brown. Did you get any more money afterwards - A. Yes; the next morning I searched about the yard; I received information from the landlord where this man slept, that there were two guineas in the yard; I picked up two guineas.
Q. Do you know the name of the man that keeps the house - A 
               
                  John 
                  Harrison
               



             told me he kept the house.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witnesses to character.
GUILTY, aged 22.
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Lawrence.
