






167. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     RICHARDS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     VINEQUEZ
                  




               
            , two blacks, were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a pair of boots, value 1l; 11s. 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Stephen 
                           Kempton
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .
JAMES BIRKS sworn. - I am foreman to Mr. Kempton, a shoemaker
, No. 116, in Fleet-street


, he was in the shop at the time of the robbery, but is not here. On Wednesday, December 22, aout 20 minutes after eight o'clock, the prisoners came in to buy a pair of shoes; Richards having a very large foot I could not find a pair very readily, I fittted him, and they were to be bound by eight o'clock next morning. Vinequez said to him he would go out and return in a few minutes. He went out and Richards then made haste out of the shop as fast as he could, I turned round and missed a pair of boots from the wainscot where they hung, and which Vivequez had fat close to; I went in search of them, but could not find them. On the Friday following I received information that a man was to be examined at Bow-street on suspicion of stealing some boots. I went and saw Richards, whom I knew, and who knew me, He said he had not stolen the boots, but would tell me where the man was who had, and would go with me, I went with him and the officer to Westminster and took the other, who I am positive is the man. I asked him what he had done with the boots he had stolen, he said they were at Wapping, Richards said he had better tell where they were, for they were not at Wapping. He did afterwards, and they were found at a saleshop in Dean-street, Westminster.


                  MOSES 
                  HYAMS
               



             sworn. - I live No. 2, Dean-street, Westminster, and know both the prisoners. I saw them, on the 22d. of December, at my house, they came with a pair of-boots, and Vinequezasked me if I wanted to buy them. I asked them how they came by them. He said he bought them and gave a guinea for them, that he wanted money. I bought them, and gave 11s. to Vivequez, and Richards looked it over. I hung them up at the door for public sale, and the officer found them there the same day, about three o'clock.


                  EDWARD 
                  PASMORE
               



             sworn. - I am a Bow-street Officer. On the 23d of December, I was going into a wine vaults in Drury-lane, and saw the prisoner Richards with a pair of women's shoes in his hand and another pair in his pocket. I asked him how he came by them. He would not tell me. I searched him and found Mr. Kimpton's card. I put Richards into the watch-house, and next morning went to Mr. Kimpton's to ask if he had lost any shoes. We went to Bow-street, and Birks knew the prisoner Richards, who said he would tell where the man lived. I went and apprehended him; after some hesitation he said he had sold them in Westminster, and would shew us where. I went to Hyams, and the boots were hanging up by the door.(The boots produced and identified.)
Richard's defence. I went to buy a pair of shoes and set down in the shop, what the other man did I cannot answer for; he went away and left me there; I went to Charing-cross and bought two pair of women's shoes and was taken up for stealing them, not for the boots. I know nothing of them.
Vinequez's defence. I did not take the boots, it was another black man.
Richards, GUILTY, aged 32.
Vinequez, GUILTY, aged 24.
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .
Both to be 



               transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
