






490. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MATTHEWS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     GODDARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 5th of April
, fifty pounds weight of lead, value 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth Wilton 
                           Hearn
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Clowes
                        



                     
                  , executors of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hearns
                        



                     
                  , deceased, affixed to a certain building, to wit, a house
            ; - and
THREE OTHER COUNTS, stating the property to belong to other persons.
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CANNON
               



            . Q. Are you servant to Mr. Oldman, No. 14, Montague-place


 - A. Yes.
Q. On Saturday night, the 15th of April, were you at the top of your house watching the next house, No. 15 - A. Yes; about twenty minutes after nine; I saw two men on the top of the house, No. 15, they were in the act of cutting the lead; I went down and called my young master; when he came up the two men were there; my master sent for a watchman; when he came the men were gone.
Q. Look at the prisoners and tell me whether they are the men - A. Yes; Goddard is one of the men; he was employed in cutting the lead, I could see his face from the light of the candles at the back of the other houses; I was within four yards of them; I was looking at him two minutes; he had a dark brown jacket on.
Q. How soon afterwards did you see him again - A. A little before ten o'clock; he was then in custody; I believe he is the man; I could not distinguish the other person. I saw two men.
MR. OLDHAM. Q. We have learned that you were called up to the top of the house by the servant - A. Yes; I certainly saw two men there; I first heard them cutting or sawing of lead, probably for a minute and a half or two minutes on the back leads of No. 15. While I was there they both raised up their heads, I only could observe the face of one man, I believe William Matthews to be the man; I saw him on the Monday following at Bow-street-office, I immediately recognized him then. I had observed his face for some time; I have no doubt in my own mind of his being the man, after I had observed him. The alarm was given by springing the rattle in Montague-place; they were then rising themselves up, taking the alarm; I having no weapon in my hand, and my servant being gone; I stepped back and waited half a minute; on my returning they had escaped; there seemed to be no way of escaping but either in the house or over the wall, into the Museum gardens; I searched both of the houses, I found no person there; I saw two rolls of lead on the wall adjoining the house. The alarm was given immediately to the watchmen and the centinel of the guards.


                  JOHN 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I was employed to watch this house and the two adjoining houses.
Q. Upon the alarm being given did you search thehouse, No. 15, and 16, with Mr. Oldham - A. Yes; Mr. Oldham found the lead on the wall; I took it upon the top of the trap, and fitted it to No. 15; it fitted the place from whence the lead had been cut away; there is about fifty-six pound. It has been in my possession ever since.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . Q. I believe you are a watchman at the Museum - A. Yes.
Q. On the night of Saturday the 5th of April, did you see any person come in at the gate - A. I from four o'clock till nine kept the gate; I am sure I let no person in; about twenty minutes or half past nine the prisoners were stopped; they came to the gate to be let out; we stopped them before the alarm was given. I asked them how they came there, they said they were let in at some gate, but they did not know which; they were taken into the lodge. We called two centinels and took them outside, to see if they could tell the gate they was let in at; they said they believed that was the gate; they said they had been drinking at the public house before they came in with a cobler; we sent for the publican, the publican said they had not been in his house all that afternoon. In about five or ten minutes Mr. Oldham's servant came in our garden and made the alarm.
GEORGE CLARK. Q. I believe you are a watchman there - A. Yes; I and the last witness staid there the whole night. I did not let the prisoner in at twenty minutes past nine o'clock; I heard the step of a foot; the prisoner Matthews is the man that came to ask for Moatt, I detained him; he was inside. (Mr. Thomas Hearns will read)
Matthew's Defence. On Saturday the 15th of April last, I had occasion to go to Knightsbridge-barracks, at the request of a friend, to John Moatt; they informed me he was at the British-museum. When I came to the British-museum, I enquired of a soldier is he knew 
               
                  John 
                  Moatt
               



            , he said he did not, but if I would go to the lodge, most likely I should hear of him; I went in, they said they did not know him; the serjeant of the guard came forward, i.e said he knew the man for fifteen or sixteen years; that he was on guard, but not that guard; he was upon the Queen's guard, Pimlico. I was detained upon this business. I know no more of it than a child unborn.
Goddard's Defence. I came along with Matthews after he had done work; I took a walk with him and his friend.
MATTHEWS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 47.
GODDARD, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury. before Mr. Recorder.
