





707. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LUDFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of September
, a child's great coat, value 5 s. and two handkerchiefs, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Derbyshire
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DERBYSHIRE
               



            . I keep a linen draper's shop
 in Whitecross-street


. On the 26th of September, about one o'clock, the family and myself were at dinner; a lad came in the shop, that lived in the neighbourhood, and asked if we had lost any thing; in consequence of that, I went to his master's house, where the prisoner was; and after taking notice whether I had missed any thing out of the shop, I found I had missed a child's great coat, and two pocket handkerchiefs; I went to Mr. Wood's house, and there I found the prisoner in custody; they shewed me the great coat, and the two handkerchiefs; I said they were mine.


                  JOHN 
                  MASON
               



            . I am a coachman. On the 26th of September, as I was coming along Bunhill-row, I met the prisoner and two others running as fast as they could; I stopped the prisoner, and asked him what he had in his apron; I looked in his apron, and found two handkerchiefs, and a child's great coat.
Q. How many boys where there together. - A. There were three; seeing them run so fast, and having a bundle, I stopped the prisoner; the other two run away. I took the prisoner to my brother-in-law, a pawnbroker; they sent for Mr. Derbyshire.


                  HANNAH 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I saw three boys go by Mr. Derbyshire's shop; then I went a little further, and bought a halfpenny-worth of apples. I saw one of them take it out of the shop, and give it to this boy.
(The property produced and identified.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
