





478. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th of September
, a tin box, value 1 d. three bank notes, value 1 l. each, and a bank note, value 10 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bell
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BELL
               



             sworn. Q. Do you remember going to the Horse and Dray in New Gravel-lane. - A Yes, last Tuesday week, between seven and eight in the evening, I believe; the prisoner came in much about the same time, I believe, we sat in one box, and drank together a great part of the time; I was waiting for a person, he did not come, I got pretty fresh.
Q. Who paid the shot. - A. I paid the shot.
Q. How much. - A. That I cannot tell, nor can I tell how much we drank.
Q. Cannot you tell from want of memory or from not being sober at the time. - A. I was a little intoxicated, but I knew what I was about, I recollected what money I had about me; I took out my protectionbox to pay the landlord, it contained a certificate, a ten pound note, and three ones; I gave him a one pound note, he gave me half a guinea, a seven shilling piece, and a shilling in change, I put the box in my pocket, then I wanted to go home, the prisoner got me a coach as I was lame; I told him to tell the coachman to drive me to my lodgings, No. 62, East Smithfield; I not being acquainted with the town, I did not know where he took me to, he wanted me to have some beer on the road, I told him I did not want any, he stopped the coach, I believe, at Sparrow Corner, at the sign of the Blue Boar public house; he went into the house, and what he did I cannot tell; as soon as he was gone I put my hand into my pocket, I missed my protection box, I says to the coachman that man has done me; however he was off.
Q. You are quite sure that you had it when you left the public house. - A. I am positive that I had it when I got into the coach.
Q. Did he set on the same side of the coach as you. - A. He sat on my right hand side, and it was in my right hand jacket pocket, he was present when I paid the landlady, he saw what I had in it.
Q. Are you sure that you was sober enough so as to be upon your guard. - A. I was so sober as to recollect I had it, I was a little fresh, but my mind was not affected.
Q. Did you perceive the prisoner's hand in your pocket. - A. I never perceived that.
Q. You did not discover that you had lost your pocket book and contents, not till after he was gone. - A. No, not till after he was gone.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HALL
               



             sworn. Q. Does your husband keep the Horse and Dray, New Gravel-lane. - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember the last witness, Bell, and the prisoner being at your house. - A. I remember the prisoner being at my house several times prior, I had seen Bell once before; between eight and nine o'clock the prisoner came in, after he had taken a bason of tea he immediately got into company with Bell, and said he knew him in the East Indies, then he partook of half a pint of shrub, and after that several half pints of shrub, Bell paid for it, and gave it to any person that was in the room; Bell gave me half a guinea first for the shrub, and bread and butter and oysters that he had, and as he was going into the coach he pulled out his protection box, and gave me a one pound note out of it; I saw he had a ten pound note and three one pound notes; he was at my house from half after eight till eleven, and being intoxicated, he could not put his notes into his box, the prisoner assisted him, and then he went into the coach and the prisoner with him.
Q. Do you know what he did with the box. - A. He put it into his right hand jacket pocket.
- sworn. I keep the White Swan, Rosemary-lane; on the 9th of September, between five and six in the afternoon, I went to Mr. Levi's in Rosemary lane, where the prisoner was, I searched him, I found in his pocket Bell's protection, a one pound note, two seven shilling pieces, a half guinea, a dollar, one shilling and eight pence halfpenny; I was informed by Mr. Levi that he had got a five pound note of the prisoner's, and that he had sold him a bargin to the amount of thirty shillings; I begged Mr. Levi to defer the bargain and to restore me the note, Mr. Levi said the bargain was made before I came in, and he should suppose the bargain good; he gave me three pound ten out of the five pound, which I put along with the rest.


                  JOHN 
                  COCKRAN
               



             sworn. I live at the Blue Boar, Sparrow Corner. On the 9th of September, about half past twelve, the prisoner got out of a coach at our door, and came into the tap room, and the coachman with him, he asked the coachman to drink, he had a glass of brandy, the prisoner pulled out his protection box, and asked for change of a one pound note, the coach was at the door, and 
               
                  John 
                  Bell
               



             in it, I did not know it at the time; I gave the prisoner change, two seven shilling pieces, a dollar, six pence and three pence in brass.
Q. Do you know what there was in that box. - A. I saw a ten pound note at the bottom, I opened them, for him, he was all of a tremble when he came in, and they were rolled very tight; I changed the dollar for the prisoner to pay the coachman, he paid him three shillings; he told the coachman not to over charge him, and to go to No. 25, Cheapside, and to take care of him, for he was lame, he was going to an uncle or brother, I am not sure which, that would be very glad to see him; he thought the coachman charged too much, I said coachman, do you charge from here, he said no, I took them from the Horse and Dray, Gravel-lane, and now I have got to go to Cheapside; the coachman seemed very anxious for the prisoner to go in the coach, he said if he could not find it out it would be very hard to turn the man in the street, as he was very lame and intoxicated, the prisoner said he was in a hurry, he had to go over London Bridge, the coachman said if he would go and see the sailor safe home he would take him to London Bridge; the prisoner went out, and we both wished the prisoner to go in the coach, he said he must go and pump ship, I was obliged to go in; on my coming out again, 
               
                  John 
                  Bell
               



             said where is the sailor, I said he is gone to pump ship, he said he has done me, he has got my protection box.
Q. Was the prosecutor sober. - A. He was not; there were three carpenters in the the room at the time at dinner, and they saw him come out of the clothes shop, and that is the way he was apprehended.
Prisoner's Defence. I am totally innocent of the crime alledged against me by my prosecutor and the witnesses he has called; we were drinking together at the Horse and Dray one hour and a half on the ninth instant, my prosecutor insisted upon having a coach to convey him to East Smithfield, he prevailed upon me to convey him thither, a coach was called, we entered it, being much in liquor; on our way to the prosecutor's lodgings the coach was stopped at several public houses by his order, we drank freely of spirituous liquors, which further irritated our intoxication; during the time we were in the coach his protection box fell out of his pocket, and I put it in again; the last time it fell out he desired me to put it in mine, as he observed he might lose it in the coach, I received the box with great reluctance from him, after that we called at another public house, I went and offered him the box in the coach, he said bringme the box in Gravel lane; I wandered up and down the place to find him; that is the true state of the facts.
Prosecutor. That is my protection box, and the paper that is in it is mine.




               GUILTY
            , aged 30.
Of stealing, but not privily from the person.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Sutton
               



            .
