





469. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     LEGHOUCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of July
 ten pound weight and a half of tobacco, value 1 l. 11 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Zechariah 
                     Kemp
                  




               
            .


                  ZECHARIAH 
                  KEMP
               



             sworn. I live in John-street, Clerkenwell


, I keep a shop
 there, I employed the prisoner to strip tobacco
. On the 4th of July I lost the tobacco, between five and six o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner complained that she was poorly, she then left my shop, my wife called her back to give her something to nourish her; when she was called back, I went back and looked at the sides of the woman, I had suspicion, but I could not tell, because of her petticoats, some women put on a good many, but when she took the cordial it struck me that guilt was about her; she went out again, I spoke to Mrs. Kemp to fetch her back directly, she had got about two hundred yards, I went after her and called her back, I told her Mrs. Kemp wanted her; Mrs. Kemp searched her, I did not see the first part of the search, I saw a part of the tobacco taken from her, while I was there it was taken out of her pockets, it was unmanufactured tobacco in the leaf, about nine pound and a half, and some manufactured, she said she was going to take the nine pounds and a half of leaf tobacco to learn a little child to strip.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  KEMP
               



             sworn. My husband brought the prisoner back, I took her up stairs and searched her, I found nine pounds and a half of tobacco in the front of her clothes; from above her knees to the bottom of her petticoat was a convenience made like a pocket, it was tied with a string and spread regular about; she said she hoped I would forgive her, she was going to take it home to learn a child to strip; I said why did not you ask Kemp to let your child come, he would have let her come and sit by your side.
(The tobacco produced, and identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence. My husband left me in distress.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
