






523. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  M'DONALD
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CARR
               




            , were indicted for 


               making an assault in the King's highway, upon 
                     
                        John 
                        Hope
                     




                  , on the 27th of June
, putting him in fear, and taking from his per son a silver watch, value 40s. and a hat value 5s.
             the property of the said John.


                  JOHN 
                  HOPE
               



             sworn. - 
               Q. 
            What are you? - A. A journeyman carpenter and builder
: On Sunday morning, the 27th of June, as I was going home, between two and three o'clock in the morning, the two prisoners overtook me in Blackmoor-street, Drury-lane


; they came up to me, and asked me to treat them, I told them I knew nothing of them, and should not treat them, they immediately hustled me, took my watch, and ran away.

Q. 
            What do you mean by hustling,? - A. They shoved up against me, and I found my watch go instantly.
Q. Do you know which of them took it? - A. I believe the prisoner M'Donald, he was nearest to me; I pursued them, crying, stop thief.
Q. Was it day-light? - A. Yes.
Q. So that you could see their countenances? - A. Yes.
Q. You are sure they are the men? - A. Yes; I took one of them, they ran down into Drury-lane, and turned up Clare-court, and there I caught hold of the prisoner M'Donald, upon that Carr got behind me, and struck me several times over my head.
Q. What with? - A. I don't know; I did not observe any thing in his hand, but my head was violently cut, which obliged me to let go my hold, I got my hat knocked off in the struggle; the prisoner then took different ways; I pursued M'Donald into Drury-lane, the watchman came up and took hold of him; he was taken to the watch-house, and I gave charge of him; on the Monday morning following, as we were going to Bow-street with him, he told the constable where Cart was to be found; I went with the constables, and when we had got within a few doors of the house, M'Donald pointed out Carr, and said, that is the man that struck the gentleman's head, he was then taken to Bow-street.
Q. Have you ever seen your watch since? - A. No.
Q. Are you sure Carr was one of the men? - A. Yes.

Q. 
            When they shoved against you, did you resist at all? - A. No.

Q. 
            Were you aware at all of what they were going to do? - A. No, it was done so instantaneously, that I had not time to think what they were going to do, I selt my watch taken from my sob in an instant.
Q. Did they appear to be drunk or sober? - A. They appeared to be rather in liquor.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILSON
               



             sworn. - Q. You are a watchman? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember the prosecutor calling out stop thief? - A. Yes, and the rattles spring; Istopped M'Donald, and some person on the other side of the way, said, you have got the wrong man; but I held him till the prusecutor came up, and took hold of his arm.
ADAM BURBIDGE sworn. - Q. Do you belong to Bow-street? - A. I belong to the watch-house; as I was going with M'Donald to Bow-street, he said it was very hard he should suffer, when it was the other man that cut Hope's head open; I asked him if he knew the man, he said, he went by the name of Bill or Will, I cannot say which; he said, he was to be found at the Conssitution; he said, he had been drinking with him all the night before; I then called up my brother officer, and told him of it, and we went with Hope towards the Constitution, and before we got there, M'Donard pointed out the prisoner Carr, and said, that is the man that cut Hope's head open; he seemed confused at first, but said afterwards, he knew nothing about it, and was willing to go with us; the prosecutor immediately said, that is the man, I know him well; I told him Hope had alledged a charge against him, that he was the man that had cut his head open; when M'Donald was brought to the watch-house, I searched him, but found nothing upon him, except this small whistle. (Producing it.)
M'Donald's defence. I never saw the watch, nor ever had any hand in what is alledged to me.
Carr's defence. I know nothing of this man, but by having seen him at the Constitution; he has said I was the person that was with him, for the sake of getting him self off; I was asleep at the Brownbear, in Bow-street, at the time.
M'Donald, GUILTY, aged 27.
Carr, GUILTY, aged 31.




               Of stealing, but not violently
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
