






497. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MAY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     MAY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               ripping and cutting, on the 27th of April, thirty pounds weight of lead, value 2s. 6d. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Clifton
                        




                     
                  , fixed to a certain building called a house, with intent to steal the same
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  CLIFFTON
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 2, King-street, Clerkenwell, and I have two houses in Bell-alley, Goswell-street


, uninhabited: On the 27th of April, in the morning, I found the lead torn up from the gutter on one side, and turned up and trod down on the other; they had ripped one side of the gutter, and not the other.
Q. This gutter runs between the two houses? - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Bevil. Q. What number is this first house you speak of? - A. There is no number; the two houses are situated in a garden.
Q. There was a gutter fastened on one side to one set of rafters, and on the other to another set of rafters? - A. Yes.
Q. Then it was turned up on one side, and not on the other? - A. Yes.
Q. Then still the whole body of the lead was fastened to the house? - A. Yes.
ISAAC BISO sworn. - On the 27th of April last, in consequence of information, I went to Clifton's house a few minutes before eleven at night; I saw two men upon the house between the two roofs, they were stooping down, as if at work.
Q. What fort of a night was it? - A. I was a moonlight right.
Q. Look at the prisoners, were those the men? A. I cannot positively swear.
JOHN PRINCE sworn. - Q. Look at the prisoners, do you know their persons? - A. I do.

Q. Did you ever see them before the 27th of April? - A. Yes, I had seen them about on the 27th of April; I saw them upon the top of Mr. Clifton's house in the gutter; there are four ridges to the two houses; they were in that gutter that separated the two ridges of the furthermost house.
Q. What did you see them do? - A. I saw them break in the shutter of the first of the two houses, and go in; I am sure it was the prisoners at the bar, for I stopped and saw them get up at the top of the house, and then they climbed over from the first to the second; I saw them taking the tiles off, and placing them upon the roof; then I saw them fold the lead over from the side of the gutter; I then gave an alarm to 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Biso
               



            ; I was in Bellalley, right facing the house.


                  JOHN 
                  ELLIS
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman; the two last witnesses called me, and I went and saw the two prisoners upon the house; they were stooping down, and appeared to me to be wrenching the gutter up between the two ridges of the furthermost house; I told them to come down or I would fire at them, I had a pistol with me; the clock went eleven just as I received the information, it was a very light night indeed; the prisoner, Henry, came down first; they made a way through the roof, and came through the cieling of the first house; I had him in custody about ten minutes, and he said I might take him where I pleased, for there were more in the house; I said, I was confident there was, and then 
               
                  Thomas 
                  May
               



             came down, and with the assistance of John Prince I secured him; I left a person waiting at the house while I took them to the watch-house; upon my return, I went up, and found the gutter, between the two ridges of the first house, gone entirely, but that was gone two days before; I climbed over the roof to the second gutter, and there I found the lead wrenched up, and doubled over all along the ridge on one side.
Q. So that in order to take away the whole of the lead they must have ripped up the other side? - A. Yes; they had taken off the tiles and had begun that; I am sure the prisoners are the men.
The prisoners left their defence to their Counsel, and called two witnesses, who gave them a good character. Thomas May, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 27.
Henry May, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
