





166. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOSIER
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he on the 27th of January
 was clerk
 to 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Lyne
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Donaldson
                        



                     
                  , and was employed and entrusted to receive money for them on their account, and being such servant and so employed, did receive and take into his possession the sum of 25 l. 5 s. 6 d. and that he afterwards fraudulently and feloniously did steal and secrete 10 l. part of the said sum
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.
MR. DUZADO. Q. On the 27th of January last, 1808, did you pay any money to the prisoner on account of Messrs. Lyne and Donaldson - A. I paid the prisoner a check for 25 l. 5 s. 6 d. dated 26th of January 1808; that is the check; I paid it on account of Messrs. Lyne and Donaldson, and this is the receipt. I cannot swear to the man; the receipt was written in my presence.
(The receipt read)
January, 27, 1809.
LYNE AND CO. Received twenty five pounds five shillings and sixpence.
Received for Lyne and co. Signed, 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HOSIER
               



            .
25. 5 s. 6 d.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  DONALDSON
               



            . My partner's name is 
               
                  George 
                  Lyne
               



            ; we are taylor

s,
Q. In the month of January last, and some time before, the prisoner, I believe, was in your employ as a clerk - A. He was, six years last July.
Q. Was he employed and entrusted by you to receive money on your account - A. He was; I placed a deal of confidence in him as an honest man; that receipt is his own hand writing that Mr. Duzado produced.
Q. Is this the book that he made the entry first - A. This is the rough entry book kept by the prisoner entirely.
Q. Does he also make an entry in the cash book - A. He makes the entry there also; but that is Mr. Lyne's department; there is a letter B. that is Mr. Lyne's writing.
Q. The entry respecting Mr. Duzado is the prisoner's hand writing - A. It is.
Q. Look at that book, which is the entry of the ledger after the entry of Mr. Duzado - A. There is a B. Duzado twenty five pounds five shillings and sixpence, as a debt; 48 as the page of the ledger, in the prisoner's hand writing; 27th January, 1808, that signifies it to be paid on that day.
Q. Did the prisoner ever account to you any other way than in his rough entry book - A. In the cash book he accompted to Mr. Lyne; if I received money I always gave it to him, and he was to accompt to Mr. Lyne.
Q. Did you ever receive the money of him of Mr. Duzado's - A. He never paid it to me.
Mr. Alley. His duty was to receive money of a variety of people and to keep it till he took it to the bankers - A. Yes.
Q. His way of accompting himself was, by stating it in the book, and whenever he had a large sum to carry it to the bankers - A. Whenever Mr. Lyne ordered him to carry it.


                  GEORGE 
                  LYNE
               



            . Q. You are also partner in this house, we understand - A. Yes.
Q. The prisoner we are told kept the cash book - A. Yes.
Q. When he had received money he was to enter it into the rough entry book, then in the cash book - when he accompted to you in the cash book did youcompare the sums in that cash book with any thing else - A. They were posted in the ledger; we have another clerk here that posted it in the ledger, and I made a signature here that it was right; I compared this entry with the entry in the ledger, I found it was right; then I put a letter B. to denote that they corresponded.
COURT. If it was found right with the cash book, then you put the letter B. to denote that it was right - A. Yes.
Mr. Gurney. Does it correspond now - A. No, the entry in the ledger is twenty five pounds five shillings and sixpence.
Q. At the time that you wrote that letter B. page 48, the accompt in the cash book was the same as in the ledger - A. Yes; it is now only fifteen pounds five shillings and sixpence; the one before the five appears to be upon an erasure, and in the rough entry book it now stands fifteen pounds five shillings and sixpence, and that one appears to be upon an erasure similar to the other; the prisoner accompted for money that he received in that cash book.
Q. Take that cash book in you hand and tell me how much he has accompted to you for, as paid by Duzado - A. It appears only fifteen pounds five shillings and sixpence, and casted up only as fifteen pounds five shillings and sixpence, and paid into the hands of the bankers as fifteen pounds five shillings and sixpence; it is fifteen pounds five shillings and sixpence in the bankers book.
Q. Have you made the alterations in these books from twenty five to fifteen - A. I have not; I believe it to be his hand writing.
Q. By the entry being made as they are now, without some suspicion arising, you would not have found it out - A. I do not think I should; it would not have been detected unless we had refered to the ledger. He remained in my service till the 5th of November; on the morning of the 6th of November, I received that letter. (The letter read.)
Addressed to Mr. Lyne, Cecil street, Strand


; dated the 6th of November, 1808. Signed, 
               
                  John 
                  Hosier
               



            . Hockley street, Lambeth.
"SIR, I am extremely sorry that a very sudden circumstance has compelled me to solicit leave of absence for a few days; namely, my father in the country, is at the point of death; a friend of his has just this moment arrived in town for me; I would have come to Norwood, but the time is not allowed me; I told him it was impossible for me to go, without he was in great danger, which I understand is the case; he is likely to die without a will; I hope to be in time to prevent it; I had not the smallest knowledge of it before twelve o'clock this day. On Wednesday, or Thursday. next I hope to be in London again, perhaps before, I will not stay any longer; if I am not with him before his departure I shall not forgive myself; I have sent you a letter from my mother enclosed in this. In all probability it will at least be an hundred pounds in my pocket, which will be of great service to my little family."
Q. This satisfied you on account of his absence - A. Yes; this is the letter that was enclosed in it, which purports to be a letter from his mother. Addressed to 
               
                  John 
                  Hosier
               



            , Hockley street, Lambeth.
"DEAR SON, I am exceeding sorry to write this unpleasant news; your father is dangerously ill; he is desirous of seeing you immediately; Nancy, I suppose will not be able to leave her family, Your brother and sister are well, as are all friends in the country; I have a great deal more to say, but you must anticipate the prevention.
Your affectionate mother. A. HOSIER."
Mr. Lyne. In a few days I received this letter, Addressed to Mr. Lyne, Cecil street, Strand; Dated 9th of November, 1808, signed, 
               
                  John 
                  Hosier
               



            , Bridgwater.
"
               SIR, A
             friend who is going hence will have the goodness to hand this to you, the purport of which, is to crave your indulgence till Monday next, as my father is dangerously ill, and we expect every moment to be the last; I also take the liberty to inform you that I have left my wife without money, and if you will advance her a pound or two if she wants it, perhaps she will sooner do that than ask Mr. Hosier for it.
I am, sir, your most obedient humble servant, 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HOSIER
               



            ."
Mr. Gurney. How soon did you conceive a suspicion to look after him - A. I believe it was upwards of a fortnight. I traced him to Plymouth, there I found him at a public house at dinner, on the 5th or 6th of December; I found him in company with some passengers that were going to Philadelphia with him.
Q. Where did you find his baggage - A. On board the Volunteer, bound to Philadelphia; I brought him to town, and he was committed to trial.
Q. After he was in town did he send you that letter - A. He did.
Q. Before that had you made any promise to him - A. No.
Dated, 12th of December, 1808, Addressed to Mr. Lyne.
"MY DEAR SIR, Grant me pardon for the liberty. I have not had an opportunity of communicating to you alone; I am satisfied there are deficiencies in my accounts: the handsome manner you have behaved to me since I have been in your possession, compels me to be candid; the losses shall be restored; you mention the banker's book being the same. Let me see you before I go over to my examination.
I am, sir, your humble servant, 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HOSIER
               



            ."
MR. GOSS. Q. I believe you are clerk to Messrs. Lyne and Donaldson - A. I am.
Q. Look at the ledger, 48, B - is there any charge there made to Mr. Duzado - A. There is twenty five pounds five shillings and six pence, as money paid; I copied it from the entry in the cash book; the cash book is now altered, it stands fifteen pounds five shillings and sixpence; when I copied it, it was twenty pounds five shillings and six pence; it has been altered since; it was posted about a month after it was received.
Q. Has that alteration in the cash book been done by you - A. It certainly has not.
Q. Was the original entry in the prisoner's hand writing - A. It was.
Q. Have you any belief that the figure one is his hand writing - A. I cannot say that I have, it is so simple a thing, merely making a stroke.
Q. Were there any other clerk besides him and you - A. No.
Q. to Mr. Donaldson. The rough entry book, haveyou altered that - A. I have not. The whole of the rough entry is in the prisoner's hand writing.
Prisoner's Defence. I am sorry to be in so disgraceful a situation, of which I am innocent; I should have supposed that I was the last person in the world to be brought here by them; I was subject to their commands every hour. I admit I wrote the letters which have been read; it was done in consequence of the honour and the respectability of my family.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
