





498. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PRICE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of April
, four shirts, value 20s. four pair of stockings, value 6s. two waistcoats, value 5s. a jacket, value 2s. two pair of breeches, value 5s. a pair of shoes, value 1s. and three handkerchiefs, value 3s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Driver
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of Mary Potter
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  DRIVER
               



             sworn. - I belong to the Westminster Militia
; I was quartered at the house of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Potter
               



            ; I lost the articles stated in the indictment five weeks ago, they were kept in my bed-room, tied up in two handkerchiefs; I missed them when I went to bed, about nine o'clock in the evening; I saw some of them afterwards at Brentford in the hands of this woman, (pointing to a witness;) that was about a month after I lost them; I shall know them again; I never saw them in the prisoner's possession; he is a soldier, and slept in a room close to mine when I lost my property; he went away, and deserted the night I missed them; he came back in two days time of his own accord; I did not have him taken up.


                  RACHAEL 
                  NEWTON
               



             sworn. - Q. Do you know 
               
                  Mary 
                  Potter
               



            ? - A. Yes; I know nothing of the property; there were two rooms taken by the Westminster regiment, at Brentford, as an hospital; the prisoner was in that hospital; I have an apartment in the same house; he came down to me, and asked for a few halfpence to get him a little nourishment, for he was quite low, till his serjeant came back; I let him have nine-pence, and he left a bundle with me for it; the serjeant gave me the money in a week, Serjeant Howell; it might be about a month ago.
JOHN PERKINS sworn. - I bought a jacket of the prisoner five weeks ago last Saturday, as I was going to work in the morning; I overtook the prisoner in Blandford-street, Marybone, about ten minutes before six in the morning; he asked if I knew any one that wanted a jacket; I told him I wanted such a thing; I bought the jacket, and paid for it, and a pair of breeches; I agreed to give him a guinea for them, but I never had the breeches; he said, he lived in Baker-street, No. 8; I went there, but could not find him.
OWEN HOWELL sworn. - I am a serjeant in the Westminster Militia; the prisoner was a soldier in that regiment, and the prosecutor also; I never attend the regiment, I am always in London; on the 6th of May, I was at Brentford; on Saturday, the 7th of May, the Colonel ordered me to find the property, if possible; the prisoner was in the guard-room; Colonel Cluthero ordered me to take Price, and he would make an example of him for robbing his comrade; he told me where to find the property; I went by his direction to Mrs. Newton's house, and found it left for eight-pence or nine-pence; I paid it, and shewed the handkerchief and waistcoat to Driver; he claimed it; the jacket I found with Mr. Perkins, in Grosvenor-square, on his back; I have kept them ever since. (Produces them.)(The property was identified by the prosecutor.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
