





107. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MAILLES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of January
, a silver watch, value 42s. a silver watch-chain, value 4s. a silver seal, value 2s. a silver watch-key, value 1s. a pen-knife, value 1s. a pocket handkerchief, value 9d. a half-guinea, four shillings, and a sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Dodson
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Gibson
                     



.
GEORGE DODSON sworn. - I am a soldier
 in the third regiment of guards: Last Tuesday was a week I lost my property from Mr. Gibson's house in Duke-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields


; I went there between three and four in the afternoon, and staid all night; he always makes me welcome to a bed at any time I chuse to stop; I went to the door about six o'clock in the evening, and saw the prisoner; he asked me which was Mr. Gibson's house; he sat down in the tap-room where I was, and called for a pint of beer; I sat down in the place, I had been sitting in for about half and hour, and then he called me to him, and asked me if there had been a serjeant there; I told him there was not, and then we joined company together; and after that we had either two pots or two pints, I am not sure which; then we went to the bar, and had a glass of anniseed a-piece; then we went up stairs, where there were some more company; we sat down in the room, and had two pots of beer; then after that he called for a pot of the best ale there was in the house; after that I was sick and went to the door, and the prisoner with me; I went out of the room-door into the passage; he said I had better go to bed, and he took the candle that was upon the stairs, and took me up stairs; Mr. Gibson came up stairs, and found us both in the room; he wanted the soldier, the prisoner, to go down stairs; and he would stop and attend me while I was in bed; the prisoner was undressing me, and I felt the chain of the watch when he was pulling off my breeches; I was going into the wrong bed, and Mr. Gibson told me I was; then I got into the other bed, and turned my back to the prisoner; Mr. Gibson came up soon after, andI asked him to wind my watch up; and he said it was gone, and all my money was gone; it was a silver watch with a silver chain, and a silver seal with the two first letters of my name upon it; half a guinea in gold, four shillings and sixpence in silver, and my pocket-handkerchief and pen-knife were gone; the prisoner belongs to the London militia; I went to the Carpenter's-arms at Mileend, where I found him very much intoxicated; he began laughing in my face; I told him he had been robbing me; I insisted upon his going with me before his adjutant; he tried to get away, but I told him I would knock him down; I took him into the field where the men were upon parade; the adjutant ordered him and me under a shed where the drummers were, and he was searched, and the watch and four shillings found upon him.


                  JOHN 
                  GIBSON
               



             sworn. - The prosecutor came to my house on Tuesday the 7th, and staid till between six and seven, when the prisoner came in; the prisoner went into the back room, and called for a pint of porter.
Q. Did you see the prisoner putting the prosecutor to bed? - A. Yes, I followed them up stairs, and I asked him what he did there; it was a liberty I did not allow; he was then putting Dodson to bed; his cloaths lay upon the ground close by the bed where he got into, and I desired him to get into the other bed; I desired the prisoner to go down stairs; he said he would not go, he would stay there for five minutes; I took both the candles in my hand, and was going to leave him in the dark; but finding he would not come, I left one candle; but before that I had picked up his clothes off the floor, and put them in a chair; and I then had the chain of the watch in my hand; I went down; I had not been down three minutes when I saw the prisoner come down stairs; and he said, you had better give 
               George
             some anniseed, but warm it first; I directly thought there was something amiss, and I immediately ran up stairs; he went out to the door with a pipe, as if he was only going to the door; I went up stairs, and saw that the breeches had been moved; I examined the breeches, and found the money and watch and every thing gone; the prisoner did not return.
- WATTS sworn. - I am serjeant-major of the Tower Hamlets militia, second regiment; I assisted to search the prisoner; I found this watch upon him; the knife and the money was found upon him by the next witness.
JEREMIAH JERNO sworn. - I am a serjeant in the Tower Hamlets militia: I found a pen-knife and a pocket-handkerchief upon the prisoner. (Produces them.)
Dodson. This is my watch: I am sure I had it when I went up stairs; the knife has the two first letters of my name upon it.
Q. What did your watch cost you? - A. About four months ago I gave two pounds seven shillings for it; the chain cost me six shillings and sixpence, and the seal four shillings and sixpence, and the knife one shilling.
Prisoner's defence. I was drinking with Dodson at a free and easy club that is held at Mr. Gibson's, he was very drunk, and I took off his clothes, and put him to bed; he desired me to take his watch and other things to take care of them.




               GUILTY
            . (Aged 28.)
Of stealing to the value of 39s.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
