





457. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WELLS
                  , alias 
HARRIS, alias 
MARTIN





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 18th of March
, a silver watch, value 4 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Long
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .
ROBERT LONG. I live at No. 9, Worship-street, Shoreditch


. On the 18th of March, about half past six in the morning, I got up and went up stairs in the garret to work, in which room the prisoner lodged: I took my watch out of my pocket, and hung it up against the window, which I work against; it there remained till eight o'clock, or after; the prisoner all that time was in bed. A little after eight my wife rang a small bell, as a signal for breakfast; the prisoner used to take his breakfast with us of a morning; I said to him in a familiar way, come Jonney, get up; he immediately began to dress himself, and was near dressed at ten minutes past eight. I left the room to go down stairs; the watch hung at the window at the time; in a few minutes he came down stairs, and told my wife that he was going out for a two-penny loaf.
Q. Did you hear him tell your wife - A. No.
Q. Then tell me what you heard yourself - A. He did not come back to breakfast as he usually did. I saw no more of him till he was in custody. I went up to work again, twenty minutes before nine, the watch was gone. The watch was found at Rossiter's, the pawnbroker's, Great Surry-street.
- FITZPATRICK. My master received this watch on the 18th of March, between nine and ten o'clock; I saw the prisoner lay it out of his hand; I took it up, and looked at it; I am sure this is the watch; it is worth four pounds.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not take the watch.




               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Grose.
