






373. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     SHARP
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 23d of April
, twenty eight yards of printed calico, value 1 l. 19 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Gray
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Elsworth
                        



                     
                  , privately in their shop
            .


                  JAMES 
                  GRAY
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Elsworth
               



            ; we are linen draper

s in Bishopsgate-street


.
Q. Did you on Thursday the 23d of April lose any thing from your shop. - A. Yes, a piece of print; the goods were laying on the counter.
Q. What was the length of the piece. - A. Twenty eight yards; there were eleven pieces of goods that lay on the side counter, they had been in the house about a quarter of an hour. About four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Jones
               



             came into the shop with another woman who is not now at the bar, and a child. I did not serve them, Armstrong served them.

 Q. Had the persons left your shop before you missed this. - A. They had, I believe about two minutes. I never saw the other prisoner Sharp till such times she was in custody of the officer. The prisoner Sharp was taken in consequence of 
               
                  Barnard 
                  Gleed
               



            ; he was in Mr. Wood's shop, Mr. Wood sent over one of his men to inform me; I immediately left the three ladies that I was serving; I run up Rose-alley, when I got to the end of the alley, on the left hand, I saw the prisoner Sharp in possession of the officer; I saw the prisoner Sharp with the print in her apron, he was taking the print from her; Jones at that time made her escape; I did not see Jones till the following morning.
Q. Are you quite certain that the was one of the persons that was in your shop. - A. I cannot say, the young man speaks to her; I believe her to be one of them.
Q. How long did the prisoner Jones stay in your shop. - A. From ten minutes to a quarter of an hour.
Q. Have you more than one counter to your shop. - A. Yes, we have a small side counter, these goods were laving on the side counter, I was at the other.
Q. Was she at that counter. - A. No, during the time they were in the shop, the young man who was serving them he left them, he had occasion to go to the further end of the shop; one of them went close to where the goods were, I cannot say whether it was Jones or the other woman.
Q. When the callico was produced by the officer, did you know it to be yours. - A. Yes, I knew it to be mine when I saw it at the end of the alley; I am confident of it; there was nobody serving in the shop but me and Armstrong.
Q. There were three ladies in the shop. - A. Yes, they were not near the pieces.
Q. What is the value of this print. - A. We valued it at thirty-nine shillings, it cost rather more
- ARMSTRONG. Q. You are servant to these gentlemen. - A. I am.
Q. Do you know the persons of either of the prisoners. - A. I do, I saw Jones on Thursday the 23rd of April, between four and five in the afternoon; she came into the shop, she had a child in her arms; when they came in I was behind the counter doing of nothing.
Q. Were there any ladies in the shop. - A. There were several, my master was serving them. The prisoner Jones asked me to look at a piece of dimity. I shewed them several, none of which pleased them; they asked to look at another piece, I went to the further end of the shop, I shewed them another piece, they bought it immediately; it was a yard, I took sixteen pence of them.
Q. Who paid for it. - A. Jones; when they bought it they went out immediately. In about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour after, from information, my master went out and pursued them; I saw Sharp brought back by the officer; Jones was taken in custody the same afternoon.
Q. Had you seen this callico in the shop at the time these women came in. - A. Yes, they were all laying on the side counter, about three yards from the main counter.


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. On Thursday the 23rd of April, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Mr. Wood's shop, opposite Mr. Gray's; in consequence of what passed I went out immediately, and saw Jones and another woman in Mr. Gray's shop, and a little child was playing by the door; I saw Sharp by a sadler's shop, about thirty yards off near Devonshire-street; there was a fourth woman, she was standing at the corner of New-street, a few doors from Mr. Gray's; I went behind the carts in the street, and presently I saw Jones come out and the other woman. Jones had a long duffell cloak on; directly these women came out of the shop, Sharp and the woman at New-street followed them; they all four went together up Rose-alley, which is a narrow alley and thoroughfare into New-street, and into Petticoat-lane; when they were in Rose-alley Jones stooped down, and said to Sharp, I want to tie up my stocking, Jones and Sharp turned into the passage of a house, I turned my face as they could not see me; I saw something pass from Jones to Sharp; after that they all four joined together again, and went up the alley together; I was behind them, I could see distinctly a piece of something under Sharp's apron, but what it was I did not then know; after that she rolled it up in her apron and carried it loose; I took hold of Sharp, Jones and one of the other woman turned to the right and the other woman went to the left; I asked Sharp what she had got; I took the print from her; she said she found it in Rose-alley. As I was bringing it back and the woman to the shop, I met Mr. Gray in Rose-alley, he was pursuing the woman. I have had the callico ever since.
Q. What became of Jones. - A. I took Sharp to the Compter, she gave me information; Shepherd and I went and took Jones about an hour afterwards in Rose-lane; I told her what I took her for; I took her to Mr. Gray's shop, and the shopman said that was one of the women that were in the shop, and had seen her in the shop before.
(The property produced and identified.)
Jones Defence. I am a woman that sells fruit in the street
. I had but eighteen pence, I had been to Orange-lane, to buy some oranges; as I was coming along Whitechapel I met my sister, we went into the Coach and Horses, and had a pint of porter; I had fifteen pence halfpenny then; going down the corner of Rose-lane there was some people a quarreling, they began to fight, they were both parted; I said what an odious thing it was for women to quarrel in the street; the officers came, one took the woman I was talking with, and the other took me; they let the other woman go; he says you have been stealing a piece of print; I never was in that gentleman's shop.
Sharp's Defence. As I went up Rose-alley I saw the print lay, I saw no one near it, neither man not woman; when I got to the top of Rose-alley, that gentleman tapped me on the shoulder, and asked me what I had got, I shewed it him, he said he would take me where it belonged to; he took me into the gentleman's shop, they gave charge of me; as for this woman I never saw her before I saw her in the Poultry compter.
Sharp called two witnesses, who gave her a good character.
SHARP, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.

 JONES, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 47.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
