





647. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DENNIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of January
, a metal watch, value 10s. and a gold seal, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  Henry-Reynolds 
                  Hinde
               




            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)
HENRY-REYNOLDS HINDE sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am an officer in the first regiment of guards
; in January last, I had apartments in the Barracks, at Knightsbridge


, the prisoner was my groom
; I had locked up my watch in a writing-desk; in consequence of some suspicion, the prisoner was apprehended, and upon him was found a duplicate of the watch, the officer has it.
WALTER MUNCASTER sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am servant to Mr. Rochfort, in Jermyn-street; on the 16th of January, I took in a watch from the prisoner, in the name of Polley; I lent him half-a-guinea upon it, (produces it;) an application was afterwards made by Blackman, the officer, for the watch.
Q. Did you give the prisoner a duplicate? - A. I did.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLACKMAN
               



             sworn - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am an officer; I apprehended the prisoner; I searched him at the watch-house, at Covent Garden; I found a great number of duplicates, among which, was one of a watch; I took it to Mr. Rochfort's, and the young man produced that watch; when I found the duplicate, the prisoner said it was his master's watch.
Q. Had you said any thing, before that, to induce him to confess? - A. No, I did not. (The watch was deposed to by Mr. Hinde).
The prisoner put in a written paper, stating his contrition for the offence he had committed, that he was upon board wages, which he had not received for eight or nine weeks, having applied to his master for it in vain, till being almost in a state of starvation, he was tempted to pledge them till he could get the payment of his wages.
Mr. Hinde. I constantly paid him his wages before-hand, upon his application, before they were due; I had lost a great number of things at different times; he has been dabling in the lottery.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Hotham
               



            .
