






414. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DICKINSON, alias 
HALL




               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of April
, twenty-one silk handkerchiefs, value 5l. and ten cotton handkerchiefs, value 20s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Clarkson
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BARBER
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 82, Upper East-Smithfield


; I manage Mr. Clarkson's business, he does not live in the house at all, it is Mr. Clarkson's shop: On Easter Tuesday, the 15th of April, the prisoner came into the shop; he said he wanted to buy a pair of breeches, and I shewed him some; I told him to step behind the counter to try the breeches on; upon that, he went behind the counter and tried several pair on, but none of them fitted; then I sent my son up to the other shop, at Tower-hill; I thought my son was a long time gone, and I went out of the shop to the edge of the pavement to see if he was coming; my son brought some more breeches, and he tried them on; he was behind the counter altogether from fifteen to twenty minutes; he agreed for a pair of velveteen breeches; he told me he kept a lodging-house for sea-saring people, that he lived near the Golden-Anchor, and that he would bring me eight or ten sailors the next day to clothe; he left me one shilling earnest, and said, I will send my old woman for the breeches this afternoon; he said he lived next door to Mrs. Noy's; after he was gone, it might be between two and three hours, I missed four chocolate-coloured spotted handkerchiefs, one crimson one, and, I think, from fourteen to sixteen black; the silk handkerchiefs I look upon to be worth five pounds; on the Thursday se'nnight following, he came into the shop about twelve o'clock at noon, very much intoxicated, he came under the same pretence, to look at breeches, and he made some objections as before, that he wanted leather linings; I then challenged him with having robbed me; he had one of my handkerchiefs round his neck, I have not the least doubt of its being mine; I took him to the Police-office, Lambeth-street, and Mr. Griffiths searched him.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. - The prisoner was brought to the office on Friday about one o'clock: I searched him, and from off his neck I took this silk handkerchief; when I took it off his neck he resisted very much, and would not part with it, he said it was his own. (Produces it).
Barber. I cannot swear to it any otherwise than it is the same pattern, and the same size; it appears to be of the same piece.


                  CATHERINE 
                  DONOLLY
               



             sworn. - I live in Sun-yard: On Tuesday, about half past eleven o'clock in the forenoon, he came to our house; I was standing at the door when he went past, he was very much intoxicated in liquor; he asked me if I wanted any thing to drink; upon that he came in doors, and he had a bundle in his hand; he said he had been at a sale, and was going down to Liverpool that night, and asked me if I would accept of a silk handkerchief, a black one; I refused the black one, and told him if he would give me one of the coloured ones I would accept of it, and he did; I believe Mr. Nowlan has got it; he had a bundle of handkerchiefs.


                  JOHN 
                  NOWLAN
               



             sworn. - This is the handkerchief I received from the last 
witness.
Donolly. This is the same handkerchief.
Barber. I believe this to be one of the same, they are all alike.


                  MARY 
                  EDWARDS
               



             sworn. - The prisoner asked me if I would have any thing to drink, and I said, yes; and I went into a public-house, and he gave me a quartern of liquor, and made me a present of a handkerchief; Mr. Murray, the pawnbroker, has got it; I sent it to be pledged by one Isaacs, he is not here; it is hemmed on one side with black.
- MURRAY sworn. - On the 18th of April, I received this handkerchief from one Isaacs, for three shillings.
Edwards. This is the handkerchief I received from the prisoner.
Barber. I can say no more to it than I have to the rest.
Prisoner's defence. On Monday, in the beginning of April, I came to London from Portsmouth, and I brought these handkerchiefs with me, and I gave two handkerchiefs to these young women; I went to this gentleman's shop to buy a pair of breeches, and I gave him one shilling earnest; next day I went to Gravesend with some sailors, and when I went for the breeches he challenged me with taking the handkerchief I had round my neck from him.
Q. (To Barber.) Where were those handkerchiefs? - A. The counter is so near the shelves that you cannot go past without touching them with your clothes.
Q. So near, perhaps, that you suspected him? - A. No, I did not. GUILTY.




               Of stealing the goods, but not privately in the shop
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
