





489. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     SCOLTOCK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of June
, fourteen pair of stockings, value 14s. seven pair of gloves, value 11s. five caps, value 5s. two shifts, value 10s. forty handkerchiefs, value 40s. eleven petticoats, value 3l. five gowns, value 5l. three night gowns, value 3s. four pair of pockets, value 4s. a fan, value 10s. a shawl, value 5l. two umbrellas, value 21s. a lace handkerchief, value 3. a silk cloak, value 5s. a silk handkerchief, value 5s. a woman's hat, value 10s. a veil, value 10s. a pair of stays, value 10s. fifteen shillings in monies numbered, a five pound Bank-note, and two Bank-notes, each of the value of two pounds, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Elwes
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of Fredrick Parker
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLACKMAN
               



             sworn. - I am a constable of Somers-Town, in the parish of St. Pancras: On Sunday morning, the 15th of June, about a quarter after three, I met the prisoner at the bar, in the Duke of Bedford's private road, about four hundred yards from her mistress's, lodgings; Mrs. Elwes lodges in the New-road


 leading to Tottenham-court-road; she had this bundle upon her right arm, and this umbrella in her hand; I said, good morning to you, my dear, where are you going to; she said, she was going to Portsmouth; I asked her where she came from; she said from Islington; I asked her what she had got there; and she said her clothes, she was going to her friends; I untied the bundle, and the first thing I put my hand upon was a pair of stockings, wet, that led me to suspect they were stolen; she said her name was 
               
                  Mary 
                  Edwards
               



            ; I told her to tell me candidly where she brought them from, for I was sure she was not come from Islington that morning; I looked her hard in the face, and then she said she did not, she had come from next door to where the fire was; I said, what, Mrs. Elwes's; she said, yes, she was a relation to Mrs. Elwes; I took her to the watch-house, and searched her, and in her pocket I found a five pound Bank-note, which Sir 
               
                  William 
                  Addington
               



             returned to the lady; I have got the number of the note;(produces the bundle); she was afterwards stripped, and these clothes taken from her person; every article of which was claimed by her mistress; a black hat and veil, a shawl, a flannel petticoat; a dimity petticoat, a shift, a cap, a handkerchief, a pair of shoes, a gauze handkerchief, a pair of gloves, a pair of white silk stockings, a pair of stays, and a pair of pockets.


                  SARAH 
                  ELWES
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Elwes
               



            .
Q. Where does Mr. Elwes live? - A. In Upper Seymour-street.
Q. Where did he live at the time of these things being taken? - A. He was in Gloucestershire.
Q. Where do you live? - A. In the New-road; the house is kept by Mrs. Parker, but what her husband's christian name is I cannot say; the prisoner was my servant, and had been, I think, four days; the last witness called me up about four o'clock, in the morning of the 15th, he had brought the prisoner back.
Blackman. Here is an inventory of the things in the bundle, which I made out.

Mrs. Elwes. I have looked over these things before; I value the whole together at thirty-one pounds fourteen shillings.
Q. Where were these things the night before? - A. The greatest part of them in my drawers; the hat and the veil might be hanging up in the room, I cannot say; she put me to bed at night, and stole my pocket, and took the keys out;I missed my pocket in the morning, and found the drawers open, and the keys in them; the things in the drawers were tumbled, and a great number of articles gone from them; I lost from my pocket a five pound Bank-note, two two-pound Bank-notes, half-a-guinea, and some silver.


                  THOMAS 
                  NOBLE
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman.
Q. Do you know Mr. Parker? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know his christian name? - A. No. The prisoner did not say any thing in her defence, but called three witnesses, who gave her a good character.
GUILTY(Aged 16.)
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not in the dwelling-house
             of 
               
                  Frederick 
                  Parker
               



            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
