







498. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COLLETT
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     FREWIN
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     CHRISTOPHER 
                     LANDER
                  




               
            , were indicted, the two first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of May

, a chaise bridle, value 5 s. two snaffle bridles, value 10 s. a martingal, value 2 s. two stirrup irons, value 10 s. two saddles, value 2 l. and one stirrup leather, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           White
                        



                     
                  , and a hat, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Marcham
                        



; and the other for 


               feloniously receiving a chaise bridle, value 5 s. two snaffle bridles, value 10 s. a martingal, value 2 s. two saddles, value 2 l. two stirrup irons, value 10 s. and two stirrup leathers, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        Peter 
                        White
                     



                  , he knowing them to have been stolen
            .
(The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.)


                  HENRY 
                  SHURETY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are a carter to Mr. 
               
                  Peter 
                  White
               



            , a farmer
, at Willsden



? - A. Yes.
Q. On the morning of the 31st of May, about four o'clock, did you go to your master's stable? - A. I did, and it appeared to have been broken open; the bolt of the door had been pushed back, and I missed a hat belonging to 
               
                  James 
                  Marcham
               



            ; two saddles were gone, a chaise bridle, two snaffle bridles, a martingal, two stirrup irons, and one stirrup leather; I found a hat in the stable, I remembered seeing it on Collett's head the night before; I had seen him at half past seven the night before, about half a mile from the spot.
Q. Did that lead you to look after the prisoners, Collett and Frewin? - A. Yes, on Saturday morning, I found them at the Buffalo's Head in the New Road; Spencer was with me; we were waiting outside of the house; they both came out together, and Collett had Marcham's hat on his head; on our endeavouring to take them, Frewin ran away; Spencer pursued him; I laid hold of Collett, he struggled very much and dragged me across the road; he pulled a knife out, and he stabbed at my face several times; I drew back and he stabbed me in the sleeve; I nevertheless secured him.
Q. Did he cut you at all? - A. No, he cut at me with full vengeance, I let go of him, I drew back and he ran the knife against a brick wall, and broke it; and with the assistance of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bradley
               



             I took him and brought him to Marlborough-street.
Q. In consequence of any message you received from Collett did you go to the prisoner Lander? - A. I went to Lander on the 17th of June; his father told me, he would tell me where the things were if I would go with him.
Court. There is a father coming; I do not like to introduce a father; it is not the nature of a father to go and give evidence against his son, unless he thought his son would be benefited by it; here one man makes a promise, and then that man is not a witness, and the other witness makes a confession who is a father; the prosecutor ought to produce that man who heard the original confession from the prisoner who is not a father; we will not make the father the instrument to convict his son.
Mr. Gurney. Q. Were you present when Collett was brought to Marlborough-street office, the day after he was taken? - A. Yes.
Q. In consequence of what Collett said a search warrant was taken out and Lander's premises were searched? - A. Yes, and at Lander's apartments, No. 11, Compton-street, St. Giles's, I found two snaffle bridles and a chaise bridle; I asked him if he knew any thing of buying two saddles; one of the saddles was with spring stirrups, and it had got W marked on the buttons, and the other saddlehad new stirrup leathers; he said he knew nothing of any saddles; I looked over the room, it is up two pair of stairs, I suppose there were twenty saddles there; he went to Marlborough-street office with me; he was discharged that day to come the next day.
Q. Did he tell you any thing that day? - A. Yes; at the Marlborough's Head he asked me to have something to drink; he said, I shall get up in the chaise and ride with you, and as we were riding together, he said he recollected very well the saddles, he sold them to one Mr. Williams, he lodged at the Black Horse in Little Rathbone-place; he recollected buying them of a little short man.
Q. Upon that, did you go to Mr. Williams? - A. Yes, he had sold them to a gentleman's coachman; Lander went with me to him, and there I found them; the next day Lander came to the Office, and Collett was brought there.


                  THOMAS 
                  BRADLEY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. On hearing the alarm of stop thief, you went and assisted the last witness in taking Collett? - A. Yes, I saw him strike with a knife several times, and at last he struck it against a brick wall, and it broke in the wall; I took it out of the wall.


                  THOMAS 
                  SPENCER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. I believe you went with the witness, Shurety, to apprehend the prisoner Collet? - A. Yes; and when they came out of the Buffalo's-head, Frewin ran away; I pursued and took him; he asked me what I had to do with him? - A. I told him there was some property found in possession of the person that was in company with him; he said he could prove that Collet bought the hat, and gave 6 d. for it.


                  JAMES 
                  MARCHAM
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. - Q. You are a servant
 of Mr. White? - A. Yes.
Q. Look at that hat? - A. I can swear that that is my hat.
Q. On the night of the 30th, where did you leave this hat? - A. In Mr. White's stable; I fastened up the stable about nine o'clock that night; I went in the morning a little after four, and did not find my hat there; I found the stable had been broken open, and another hat left there.
Q. Do you know whose hat that was? - No.


                  RICHARD 
                  LOVETT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. - Q. You are an officer? - A. Yes; I produce the property.
Q. Was that hat delivered to you by Shurety? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you go with Shurety to the lodgings of Lander, and find these bridles? - A. Yes; and Shurety asked Lander if he knew any thing of the saddles; Lander said, he knew nothing of the saddles; I received the saddles from Shurety.
Q. (To Shurety). The hat that was left in the stable, did it belong to Collett? - A. This is the hat I found in the stable, I gave it to Lovett, I noticed it the night before on Collett's head; he had a sore ear, and there is on the side of it the blood that came from it. On this saddle there is W on the buttons; Lander told me he sold the saddles for 3 l. 5 s.
Q. First he told you he had bought none? - A. Yes.
Mr. Alley. Q. He did not recollect it then; afterwards, instead of putting them out of the way, he produced them to you? - A. Yes; he said he recollected who he sold them to.
Jury. Q. Did you hear Lander say what he gave for the things? - A. He said he agreed to give 25 s. Collet said he never had more than five shillingsworth of halfpence for the whole lot.
Q. (To Williams). Did you buy any saddles of Lander? - A. Yes; I gave Lander 3 l. 5 s. for them, I sold them for 3 l. 15 s. I delivered them to Shurety.
Collett and Lander left their defence to their Counsel.
Frewin was not put on his defence.
Lander called five witnesses, and Collett one, who gave them a good character.
Collett, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Lander, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Frewin, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
