






84. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LOWE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     STEVENSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of November
, thirty pounds of lead, value 3s. belonging to 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Exeter
                     



                  , fixed to her dwelling-house
            .
Second Count. For stealing the same lead, charging it to belong to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Brown
               



            , fixed to his dwelling-house.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn. - Q. Do you know this house? - A. Yes, I rent the house of Mrs. Exeter: On Tuesday, the 18th of November, a little after eight in the morning, I received information that some man had been cutting some lead from the top of my house, and sold it at a shop opposite to me; I was close to the old iron shop door; I went in, and told them I insisted upon seeing some lead that they had just bought, and the man in the shop denied having bought any; he asked his wife it the had any, and the said, no; I told him that would not do, I would not go till I saw the lead; he then took me into a little room, where his wife was at breakfast, and said, there is the lead; he told me I might take the lead, but I told him there was an officer coming; I sent for the Police officers, and they apprehended the two prisoners as they were going up to work after breakfast; and the man belonging to the iron shop ran away, and has not since been heard of; I saw the lead fitted, and it corresponded exactly.
- TAYLOR sworn. - I was at work facing Mr. Brown's, at Mr. Flood's house: On the 18th of November, about eight o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner, Lowe, with some lead in his arms, on Mr. Fane's house, next door to Mr. Brown's, and when they came to the party-wall, Stevenson laid hold of one end, and Lowe the other, and took it to the top of the next house and doubled it up, and put it into his apron; Lowe brought it down, and carried it over to the iron shop; Lowe went in, and Stevenson staid at the door; I went and informed Mr. Brown of it; he got an officer, and they were apprehended when they came back from breakfast; the two prisoners are the same men.
The two prisoner denied knowing any thing of it. Lowe, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.
Stevenson, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
