





184. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of January
, four pair of gold ear-rings, value 12s, a neck-handkerchief, value 6d. a pocket-handkerchief, value 2s. a pair of stockings, value 5s. a child's shirt, value 2s. a child's pinafore, value 1s. and a napkin, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Elliott
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ELLIOTT
               



             sworn. - I am a jeweller
, in Wilderness-row, Goswell-street


; the prisoner was my servant
; my work-shop is at the back of the shop; it is usual for the apprentice to bring all the gold that is in work into the accompting-house, he leaves it there for the night, and takes it away in the morning; on the 10th of January we missed two pair or ear-rings, and on Sunday morning, the 11th, I missed one pair; havng another servant, I did not know which to suspect, I was convinced it was one of them; I sent for Chapman, an officer, from Hatton-garden; I took him down into the kitchen, and told him I had been robbed of some ear-rings, and one of these two girls must be the person; he then searched the prisoner and found a little box containing four pair of earrings, which was concealed in the upper part of her dress, near her shoulder; there was a neck-handkerchief found in her pocket, a pocket handkerchief, and a duplicate, in which the other articles in the indictment were contained; she was taken to Hatton-garden, and committed the next day.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHAPMAN
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Hatton-garden: On Sunday, the 11th of January, I was sent for; I searched the prisoner, and in her pockets I found a duplicate of a neckhandkerchief and pocket-handkerchief, and a box containing four pair of ear-ring under her arm, in her under garment, (the property produced and deposed to by Mr. Elliott).
Prisoner's defence. I have nothing to say, I leave it to the mercy of the Jury.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
