





236. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     CROUCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of January


, a shawl, value 8s. two pair of stockings, value 7s. and a pair of shoes, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bicknell
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BICKNELL
               



             sworn. - I am a school-master
, and live at Ponder's-end; I was in London in January, and received a parcel of linen; I found several articles missing, but I knew nothing more till the prisoner was apprehended; I was sent for to the Mansion-house, and I saw my daughter's gown on the prisoner's back, that is all I know.
MISS BICKNELL sworn. - The things were sent to town for me by the errand-cart, on the 6th of January; I packed them myself in a box; when I opened the box, I found the things missing that are mentioned in the indictment; the box was taken to Mr. Shepherd's, who takes in parcels from the coaches and errand-carts, in Bishopsgate-street; I wrote home to inform my friends, and went to Mr. Shepherd's, who said, it certainly could be nobody in their house, it must be the errand-cart people.


                  JOHN 
                  SHEPHERD
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 90, in Bishopsgate-within


, and am a trunk and boxmaker; parcels are brought to my house by the errand-cart; two of the parcels were delivered in the same manner as I suppose I received them; I cannot say what was in either; I cannot swear to the property; the prisoner was my servant
, she had not lived three weeks with me; on the 28th of January, Mr. Lavie, of Tottenham, applied to me about a bag he had sent up, and out of the bag he had lost an old gown he had given half-a-crown for; I told him, there was such a thing that Mrs. Shepherd had found in the girl's bed, who said it was not her's, but there before she came; I shewed him the gown, and then took him into the kitchen, and said, I suppose, that is the person, who stole your gown, and then she owned to the rest of the things; it had been found three or four days before up stairs, it was then in Mrs. Shepherd's possession, she found it under the quilt of the girl's bed, and the girl said, it was there before she came; the shoes and shawl, and two handkerchiefs were found by the side of the bed, by Mrs. Shepherd, who is not here, because she is very near her time; I suspected the prisoner, in consequence of Mr. Lavie's information; he described what sort of gown it was, and that it had a patch on one side; when I saw the patch on the side, says I, that is the girl that took Mr. Bicknell's property; says Mr. Bicknell, tell your master whether you have taken the other property; says she, I have of course; I sent for a constable, this gown was upon her, she was committed; the shoes I found myself, in the bed, and the shawl she had round her neck; (The property was produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor.
Prisoner's defence. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 16.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
