





733. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PROCTER
                  , alias 
WILSON





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3d of October
, a copper, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert Harvey 
                           Gedge
                        




                     
                  , affixed to a certain building of his called a house
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  HARVEY GEDGE
               



            . I live at 135 Sloane street, I have a house in the parish of St. Ann, Westminster; the copper was taken from that house No. 27, Soho square


; that house was not inhabited at the time the copper was taken.
Q. Had you the copper affixed to that house - A. I saw the copper last Michaelmas; - day the house came into my hands, and between that time, and the time stated in the indictment, I must have seen the copper.
Q. At the time you took possession of the house there was a copper affixed, was there - A. Yes, in the kitchen.
Q. How lately after Michaelmas day did you go into the house between Michaelmas day and the present time - A. I am not certain whether it was more than once; I think it was on Saturday, but I am not certain; it was between that and the 3d of October.
Q. At that time was the copper safe in the house - A. It was.
Q. Did you after that go to the house and see whether the copper was gone - A. Yes, it had been lifted up from the brick work; I have seen the copper at the office, it appeared to be the same size, I did not measure it.


                  JAMES 
                  PACKER
               



            . I am a carpenter, I work for 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Freeman
               



            , Old Compton street; I live at 38, Boswell court, Red Lion square. On Monday morning the 3d of October, about half past six, I met a man coming down Greek street with a copper on his shoulder. I did not take particular notice of him, but I went on to my work; - going along Soho square I met the prisoner, he was standing by the rails of 27, Soho square; there was another man shutting the door of 27. After the man had shut the door, he spoke to the prisoner and pretended as if he had something in his hand to shew the prisoner; they walked in company together and went down Bateman's buildings; I goes a little further towards my work, I met a young man who is here; we pursued the man with the copper, and they met us again in Greek street, the corner of King street; the man that had the copper on his shoulder, he went down Greek street into Litchfield street; the prisoner and the other man followed in the same direction with the man with the copper; one went of one side of the way and the other on the other; - the man with the copper knocked at a door in Litchfield street, one Mr. Sholey lives there, he is a brass founder; the door was opened to him immediately; I was about half a dozen doors off; at that time the prisoner and his companion stood about two doors off; I went up to the door as fast as I could; directly I went up to the door the man was coming out of the house, he had left the copper in the house; I directly catched hold of him by the collar, and said he was my prisoner; he asked me what for; I told him for taking the copper, for he had stolen it; he up with his fist and struck me on my right side, gave himself a wrench, and got away from me; these other two men walked into Grafton street, we ran after them, and the man run in between his companion and the prisoner; he whispered something to them; I called out stop thief.
Q. Did they attempt to stop him - A. No, they did not; he ran off, I pursued him, he went down West street, Seven Dials, there are a great many alleys there. I lost him.
Q. What became of your companion, the young man that gave you some information - A. He was running after him, I believe; I was going back to lay a detainer upon the copper; I met the prisoner close up against the brass founder's door; he was making that way, at least directly he saw me, before I could speak to him, he ran off as hard as he could down Porter street and into Newport market; I pursued him and cried out stop thief; he was stopped in Newport market.
Q. Did he still keep running when he heard you cry stop thief - A. I catched him in Newport market; some butcher stopped him; I asked him what he ran away for when he saw me, he said he understood me I would put him in the watchhouse for not stopping the other man; I took him to the watchhouse. I then went to Mr. Sholey's to look after the copper, I saw nobody but his son, he was not dressed.
Q.Did you find the copper that the man left there - A. Yes, I did; there were two other coppers there.
Q. Did you see the man put down the copper - A. I did not; I saw him come along the passage from the shop, I found the copper in the shop; I put a mark on the copper, and left it there till eleven o'clock; when we went up to the magistrate I fetched it myself.
Q. Did you take the copper to No. 27, and put it to the place where you supposed it to be taken from - A. I did; it fitted exactly; it had been raised up from the place; the mortar at the top was a little broken; I made a lid for it about six months ago; I am sure it was affixed there; I knew the man that came out of the house to be a suspicious character, the man that came out while the prisoner was standing by the side of the rails.
Q. What would be the worth of such a copper as that - A. I am sure it would be worth twenty shillings.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. You never saw the prisoner join company with the man that had the copper - A. No; only when the man that had the copper run in between these two.
Q. You do not mean to swear to this copper - A. Yes, I do; the others were not quite so fresh.
JAMES HATHAWAY. I am a carpenter; I work forMr. Offer in Litchfield street.
Q. Did you see the last witness - A. Yes; I was in the square first; I saw two men standing at the corner of Greek street, leaning against the rails of No. 27, Soho square; the prisoner is one that was leaning against the rails; these two men walked up and down; one went to the door.
Q. Was that the prisoner or the other man - A. The other man; another man was coming by, and he came away from the door while the man was coming.
Q. Did you see any person bring a copper out of the house - A. Yes; this man went to the door again and the door was opened to him, he went in; the prisoner at the bar was left outside; I run down Sutton street, the other side of the square, to acquaint our workmen that they were robbing the house; they would not assist; I turned back again, and the man that I saw go in, he came out with a copper on his shoulder and another man after him; the man that came out with the copper went down Greek street, the other man that came out after had a conversation with the prisoner, and they went down Bateman's buildings; I ran to the other witness and told him what I had seen; we followed them; the man with the copper went into Litchfield street; he went into Sholey's, No. 27, a brass founder.
Q. Did you see whether the prisoner and the other man followed the man with the copper; I turned my head round to see where the other men were; the man that had the copper came out; the other men were in Grafton street, he ran through them. I could not observe whether he spoke to them or not; we cried out stop thief.
Q. Did they attempt to stop him - A. No, we did not succeed in catching the man with the copper; coming back we saw the prisoner near Mr. Sholey's; he saw us, he run down Porter street into Newport market; we halloaed out stop thief; the butchers stopped him.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming through Soho square, I lit of the man they have mentioned; he asked me about my brother; I told him he was in the country; he asked me which way I was going; I told him I was going to Covent Garden; he said if you will stop a few minutes I will go along with you, I am going that road; he said I am going into that house there, that was the corner of Soho square; he went in and stopped a few minutes: he came back to me, and he and I walked down Bateman's buildings towards Covent Garden; at that time I left him and bid him good bye; I saw the two men come by; they halloaed out stop him, but I did not stop him; with that they came up to me; I understood they said stop him, because I did not stop the other man; I ran.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
