





172. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     WOODLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of January
, a silver table-spoon, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Duckless
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  DUCKLESS
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Duckless
               



            , a publican
, at Edmonton


; the prisoner belongs to the Tower-hamlets militia
; I know nothing of the taking of the spoon; I missed it on the 5th of January; the prisoner was quartered at our house, and had been going on of three months.


                  JUDAH 
                  HART
               



             sworn. - I live at Tottenhamhigh-cross, about three miles from Mr. Duckless; the prisoner came to my house on the 5th of January, between eleven and twelve o'clock, the prisoner offered me a table-spoon for sale; I askedhim how he came by it; he said it was his own, and I said, I doubt you stole the spoon; I asked him where he was quartered; he told me at the Cock, at Hounsfield; that is the name of the place where the prosecutor lives; Mr. Duckless keeps it; then I said, I will stop you and the spoon both; I went across the high-road for the constable, and left him in my shop, it was only just across the road, and when I had got the constable we saw him, and I gave charge of him.(The officer produced the spoon in two pieces.)
Prisoner. I told him I had bought it of a travelling man on the road, and gave 6s. for it.
Hart. He said so before the Magistrate, but he said no such thing to me.(The spoon deposed to by Mrs. Duckless.)
Prisoner's defence. She would not swear to the spoon before the Magistrate, till the Magistrate said he would send her to the cage if she did not, and rather than leave her children she swore to it.
Court. (To the prosecutrix.) Q. Had you any doubt about the spoon. - A. None.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
