






657. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of October
, a wheelbarrow, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Curtis
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  CURTIS
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Curtis
               



            , he is a dustman
; we live in Curtain-road, Shoreditch


; I go out with a wheelbarrow.
Q. What day was it you lost it? - A. Last Monday was a week, I lost my wheelbarrow out of the yard where I live.
Q. What is the prisoner? - A. She gets her living by thieving
; I did not see her take it nor have I ever found it again.


                  GEORGE 
                  KEW
               



             sworn. - I am a housekeeper; the barrow was taken from my yard by the prisoner; I saw her take it on the 16th of October, a quarter after six in the morning, I was undressed at the time, I saw her wheel it from my yard right down Leonard-street.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner was the woman? - A. Yes, I knew her before.
Q. Was the barrow ever found? - A. No.
Q. How did she get it into your yard? - A. By opening the gate and coming into the yard; she might easily take it way.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RISELY
               



             sworn. - I am a dustman; I saw her go into the yard and take it out about a a quarter after six on last Monday was a week.
Prisoner's defence. I never saw the barrow, I never knew her worth a barrow; she is but just come out of gaol herself; I am a box maker.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
