






549. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DEWDNEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     CASHMAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of June
, a gold watch, value 5l. a silver pencil case, value 2s. a pair of buckles, value 2s. and various other articles
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Brown
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn. - On the 4th of June, I met the woman prisoner at the bar, at the bottom of St. James's Park, about two o'clock in the morning; I went to her lodging in Duck-lane, Westminster


; I went into her room, and fell asleep; I was not sober; I had a gold watch, a silver pencil case, a pen-knife, a pair of silk stockings, which I had taken off, a pocket handkerchief, and a pair of plated buckles; the gold watch was put in my fob, the pencil case and knife in my pocket, and my buckles in my shoes; I awoke about six o'clock in the morning; she was gone from the room; I missed all my property, except a neck-handkerchief, and twelve shillings and sixpence in money; a seven-shilling piece, and five shillings and sixpence in silver.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You say, you met her about two o'clock in the morning - where did you spend the evening? - A. At Brompton.
Q. If you had not been drunk, you would not have been there? - 
               A. 
            Certainly not; some man forced open the door; she said, she had lost the key; I had so much recollection as to know the woman was in the room.
Q. Did you not go on purpose to sleep with her? - A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  BLY
               



             sworn. - Having information of the gentleman having lost his property, I went in search of the prisoner; I found her in Cock-yard, Duck-lane; I also found the property, which the prosecutor said was his, and I took her to a magistrate. The witness produced a memorandum, which he found upon the prisoner, and Mr. Brown identified it to be his property.


                  THOMAS 
                  HATCHARD
               



             sworn. - I apprehended the prisoner, Dewdney, on the Friday afternoon, at the sign of the Green-coat Boy, a public-house in Tothill-street; I found on him a duplicate; (it was produced, and identified by Brown.)


                  ANN 
                  KELLEY
               



             sworn. - I lived in the same house with Cashman, No. 45, Duck-lane, Westminster; she lived in the same room with Dewdney; I lived in the room underneath: On the 4th of June, at two o'clock, I remember Dewdney rapped at my door, and asked if I would let him in, for Sally had not left the key for him; I let him in; he was some time in the room; I heard Cashman's voice; she went up stairs, with a person with her, to the room; she came down in a minute or so, she said, the had lost the key of the door; on which, Dewdney asked, if I had a poker; I did not know there was a poker; but with a piece of iron he broke open the door, and they went in; he came down, and stayed in my room about half an hour, when Cashman came down stairs again, and said something to him in private; on which Cashman went up stairs again, and stayed a short time; he stayed in the room while she came down; he said, he wished to go to bed, and took off his shoes and jacket, and left them in my room; he went up stairs, but she stayed in the room with me; he stayed up stairs not more than ten minutes; he had in his hand, a pair of silver buckles, a neck-handkerchief, a pencil-case, a pair, of silk stockings, and some other things; on which he went into the room, and put on his jacket and shoes; then they both went down stairs; I went down shortly after them; 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Cashman
               



             as in my room; she asked me, if I knew whether it was gold or silver, or what value; I told her, I could not tell; she asked me to keep it for her; we went and had some gin at several public houses; when we came to Oxford-street, Dewdney asked me for his property, he meant the watch; I said, I had a watch, but did not know whose property it was; but that I would return it to the person who entrusted me with it; on which he struck me a violent blow across my mouth with his hand; he gave me more gin to wash my mouth; I gave the watch toCashman, and left them in Oxford-street, and came home.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. 
               Q. 
            What are you? - A. An unfortunate woman.
Q. Was 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Cashman
               



             dressed, when she came down the second time? - 
               A. 
            She had not her cloaths quite on; she was partly dressed; she had her gown on.
Q. Did she desire any body to bring down her cloaths? - 
               A. 
            She desired Dewdney to bring her cloaths.
Q. Were you taken up in this business? - A. Yes; they had said, they received the things from me; I was taken up, to know how I came by them.
Q. Have you never been in custody before? - A. Never for any thing of this kind; for being disorderly, but not for stealing.
Court. Q. Were the two prisoners in the room together after the person in liquor went up stairs - were they in the room with him? - A. No; she stayed in my room till she had put on her wearing apparel.


                  THOMAS 
                  CROP
               



             sworn. - I keep a public-house, the sign of the Green-coat Boy, near Tothill-fields Bridewell: The prisoner, Dewdney, came to me about the 4th of June, and two soldiers; he had no woman with him; he produced the watch, pencil-case, and buckles, to the two soldiers; he carried them away with him; I saw him in the street, about four or five o'clock in the afternoon, near my house; and I gave him into the custody of Mr. Hatchard; he was searched, but nothing of this sort found upon him; I got these things from Mrs. Pledge, in Gardener's-lane, on the 5th of June.


                  HANNAH 
                  PLEDGE
               



             sworn. - Dewdney came to my house, in York-street, near the Park, on the 4th of June, about half past two in the morning, very much in liquor; he went into the yard, and fell down; and the watch nearly falling out of his pocket, I took it out to take care of it; he slept near two hours in the yard; he then gave me a pair of silk stockings; about nine o'clock, I found a pencil-case and a pair of buckles: on the 5th of June, I received a letter from him, brought by a woman named Hunt; I gave the things to Mr. Crop. I have known Dewdney some years, he belongs to the Guards; he has been abroad; I never knew otherwise than that he was an honest man; he is my cousin.


                  GRACE 
                  HUNT
               



             sworn. - I saw the prisoner, Dewdney, in Tothill-fields Bridewell, on the 5th of June; he desired me to carry a letter to Mrs. Pledge; the paper produced is the same. (It is read.)
"Mrs. Pledge, this is to inform you that I am in Tothill-fields Bridewell, and shall be much obliged to you, if you will come down and speak to me about what I did at your house, yesterday.


                  James 
                  Dewdney
               



            ."
Brown. The watch, and the other articles produced, are all mine, which I had when I went to the lodging.
Dewdney's defence. I had been on duty at the Opera, on the 3d of June; I was relieved about one o'clock in the morning; I came to Westminster, at the apartments I rented, where I found Cashman and some other person trying the door; they asked me to help them to open it; the girls asked me to give them some drink; they put on their cloaths, and we went to a gin-shop. I have no witness.
The prisoner called his serjeant, who gave him a good character.
Cashman's defence. I met the gentleman at the top of Sloane-street; he asked me to take him home with me; he told me to take his things, and keep them till the morning.
Dewdney, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.
Cashman, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
