





229. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     DANIELS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of February
, tenwine-glasses, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Andrew-John 
                     Nash
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     George-Augustus 
                     Nash
                  



               
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Watson.)

ANDREW-JOHN NASH
             sworn. - I am in partner

ship with my brother George-
               
                  Augustus 
                  Nash
               



            , in Cornhill


; the prisoner was our packer
, and had been four or five years. In consequence of information that goods were secreted in the cellar, I directed one of our clerks, Mr. Brown, to go down and mark them; I then directed a warehouseman, of the name of Jordan, to go into the cellar when the people went way, to see if any of the glasses so marked were gone: Jordan went down, and shortly after he brought the prisoner back; I took him into a private room.
Q. Before you put any question to the prisoner, had you told him it would be better for him? - A. I made use of neither promise nor threat; I desired him to produce what property of mine he had in his possession, which, after some hesitation, he did; he took three wine-glasses from each of his coat pockets; I then sent for a constable to take him into custody, and to search him.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Have you not a sleeping partner? - A. No.


                  DANIEL 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn. - I am a glassman, I was in the employ of Mr. Nash. In February last, in consequence of direction from Mr. Nash, I marked a number of wine-glasses concealed among some way in the cellar; it was on Wednesday, the 15th of February; I marked thirteen glasses with a diamond, and two tumblers; I shall know them again; I left them where I marked them.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  JORDAN
               



             sworn. - I am in the employ of Messrs. Nash: In February last, I went down into the cellar, and observed thirteen wineglasses and two tumblers concealed under some hay; I informed Mr. Nash of it; I went down into the cellar with Mr. Brown, and saw him mark them; at one o'clock, when the men went out to dinner, I was sent to fetch the prisoner back; he came back with me; we went into a back room with Mr. Nash, and he pulled out six wine-glasses; a constable was then sent for, and he found four more in his breeches.
- TRENCHARD sworn. - I am a constable: I was sent for to Mr. Nash's, I searched the prisoner, and found four wine-glasses in his breeches. (Produces them.)
Brown. These are the same glasses that I marked, on the 15th of February, in Mr. Nash's cellar.
Jordan. These are the same glasses that I saw Mr. Brown mark.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
