





614. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ALLEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of March
, a petticoat, value 12s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Lewis
               




            , Esq.
(The case was opened by Mr. Const.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEWIS
               



            , Esq. sworn. - In March last, I hired some waggons to remove my goods from North Badgley, in Hampshire


, to my house at Hammersmith


; I was present when they arrived, and missed a box, containing a great number of Jewels and trinkets, which was inclosed in a box in which the petticoat was placed.
Mrs. 
               
                  ROSETTA 
                  LEWIS
               



             sworn. - I assisted in packing the things; there was a box of jewels, which I put into another box, containing the petticoat charged in the indictment; when the waggon arrived at Hammersmith, I saw the cord of the box loose; I examined it, and missed the box of jewels, and the petticoat.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. - On Thursday, the 29th of July, I went with Smith and Nowlan to the house of the prisoner, in a court in Bishopsgate-street; he was in bed; upon looking round the room, I saw this breadth of a muslin petticoat, hanging as a window curtain, (produces it); Smith found some duplicates; we took the prisoner to the office, and then I went to the pawnbroker's, and found a petticoat, which matched it exactly; Mrs. Lewis knew them to be her's by her own work.


                  EDWARD 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I was with Griffiths; I found a pocket-book upon the mantle-piece; I said to the prisoner (knowing him), Bill, is this full of Bank-notes; he said, no, you will find nothing there but my duplicates, which will shew you my distressed situation, and convince you that I have done nothing lately among the duplicates; I found one, which was for a petticoat and gold seal; Mrs. Lewis claimed the petticoat; the prisoner's wife was in the room; I found in the pocket-book a certificate of their marriage.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. That which you have produced is a curtain, and not a petticoat? - A. Yes.(
               
                  Thomas 
                  Milford
               



            , servant to Mr. Davison, a pawnbroker, produced a petticoat, which he received in pledge from the prisoner's wife.)
Mrs. Lewis. This petticoat was mine, but it has had a breadth taken out of it; I can swear to it by the work.


                  JAMES 
                  BREDMORE
               



             sworn. - I was hired as a guard to this waggon at Alion, and came with it to Hammersmith; the prisoner at the bar, and another man and woman, came with the waggon, sometimes walking, and sometimes riding; when we got to Staines, they all went to-bed at a public house; I am sure the prisoner was one of the men.


                  JOHN 
                  NOWLAN
               



             sworn. - I apprehended the prisoner on the 23d of March, in Castle-alley, Whitechapel, with a man of the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Nightingale
               



            , and, about two hours afterwards, the prisoner made his escape out of the lock-up house; Nightingale was discharged; the prisoner then delivered himself up, and there being no evidence against him, he was dismissed; we afterwards received fresh information, and he was apprehended again.
Prisoner's defence. When we got to Staines, we stopped and dined, and were drinking with the guard for two hours after dinner, and being a fine afternoon, we determined to walk to London; we bid the waggoner and guard a good afternoon, and came away; my wife bought this petticoat of a Jew last August was a twelvemonth.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Hotham.
