






825. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     CUNNINGHAM
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CUNNINGHAM
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of October
, in the dwelling-house of the said Henry, a half-guinea, a seven-shilling-piece, two shillings, and three Bank-notes, each of the value of 1l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I am a sailor
; 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smith
               



             is my wife, and has been twenty-three years: I gave her the money about half past eight o'clock on the Tuesday; I am not positive of the day of the month, it was last Tuesday week; four pounds in four Bank-notes; when I parted from her in Gravel-lane, I was a little in the head, and I gave it her for safety.


                  MARY 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of the last witness: I received the money of him about seven o'clock, on the Tuesday evening; I went and paid a trifle I owed, and met with 
               
                  Henry 
                  Currningham
               



             and his wife, in Church-lane, Whitechapel, I had known them a great many years; they asked me to go and take a bit of supper, and I went with them to their own room, which is the whole of the dwelling, it is a single room; I eat my supper, and gave a twenty shilling note to the wife to get a pot of porter for supper; she went for it, and brought half-a-guinea, a seven-shilling-piece, and two shillings in silver.
Q. Had you drank any thing before you went there? - A. Yes; I had been with my husband, and had a glass of rum; my husband was paid off; I was not intoxicated, for I had but one glass of cold rum; I tied the change, with the notes, in the corner of the handkerchief that was round my neck, the prisoners saw me put it there, and they had my notes in their hands.
Q. Did you not say, before the Justice, you were not in liquor? - A. Yes.
Q. How came you now to swear you were not? - A. I had only a glass of rum, and a pot of porter; I was tired with walking about all day, and Ilaid down on their bed to rest myself, they laid alongside of me, and I went to sleep; then this woman came to take my money out of the handkerchief, I felt her, and saw her, the candle was not then burnt out; she took the money, and run away down stairs, and I followed her, the husband went with her; they went into a strange room I did not know, and then I began to cry will you give me my money; she said she had planted it, called me a very wicked name, and said she would never give it me; then we went into the room again, and I said I must never face my husband, or go home; when I cried and begged for the money, says the man, I will cut your b-y brains out if you say a word; I staid there till about seven o'clock in the morning for fear of going home, and then he gave me one shilling; they went away and left me, but I saw them in less than ten minutes, facing a public-house door, where I asked them to give me my money; says he, bring your husband to me; says I, will you be so good as give me the money if I bring my husband; no, says he, I have got no money to give him, but I will give you a shilling, and he gave me, a shilling; I got no more back.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: I had information, and went to the prisoner's house, I found them in bed; I searched every part of their clothes, bed clothes, and every thing, but I found only one shilling in the man's pocket.


                  MARGARET 
                  MEAD
               



             sworn. - This poor woman came crying to me in the morning, and we went to Cunningham's room, but found nobody in it, we afterwards saw them at a public-house; Mrs. Smith asked the woman to be so good as give her one guinea out of her money; she said she might be d-d for b-h, for she had planted her money, and she might go and look for it.


                  Henry 
                  Cunningham
               



            's defence. I was not there when she speaks to, I had just come from work; they had a quartern and a half or rum, and a pot of beer, and I drank with them; that is all I know of it.
Mary Cunningham's defence. She gave me a one pound note to get changed, I brought it her, and gave it into her hand; she said she was going home, and went down stairs, but came up again, about eleven or twelve o'clock, and said she had lost her money, and must not go home; she laid down, and in the morning I gave her a bundle she had left behind; she asked me if she had dropped any money on the bed, she searched every where; then she went away, and I saw no more of her till she brought the officer.
Court. (To Mrs. Smith.) Q. Did you go away and return, saying you had lost your money? - A. No.
Henry Cunningham, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Mary Cunningham 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
