





362 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BREWSTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of April
, thirty-eight pound weight of lead, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Roberts
                        




                     
                  , affixed to a building of his called a house
            .
Second count for like offence, only stating it to be a building generally.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I live in Oxford-street, St. Mary-le-bone. On the 17th of April I received information there was a man in custody for taking some lead of mine in Montague-square


, affixed to a house inhabited by colonel St. Ledger; I went with the plumber to see it compared to the place where it was taken from; it appeared to me to be cut from that place.


                  CHARLES 
                  WILD
               



            . I am a watchman of Mary-le-bone parish. On the 17th of April I was crying the hour of two o'clock; I saw a man come down from a dunghill where this lead was cut off; I went to the corner of Gloucester-place to my partner, and told him to be ready, there was something going on that was not right; in going back to the mews again I saw the prisoner at the bar dropping down from the top of the roof of the kitchen upon the top of the wall, and then he came down from the wall into the mews; I ran to lay hold of him, I missed my hold, and he ran down George-street, Portman-square; I hallooed to my partner, stop thief, he stopped him; I searched him, and out of his hat dropped a great knife (producing it); my partner picked it up. I said what have you done with the knife, he said he had given it him back again; the prisoner said he had not got a knife about him, I insisted upon having it; the lamplighter was lighting the lamps, I called him over to bring his burner; I found the knife fixed in between the rails and the wall, I am sure it is the same knife. I took him to the watchhouse and secured him; then I went to the mews where the dunghill was, and there I found the lead hid in the dunghill (the lead produced); it weighed thirty-eight pound. I fitted it to the place, it fitted exactly.
Q. Where was the lead cut from. - A. From the kitchen flat at the top.
Prisoner. When you took me in custody did you see me with any lead, or in company with any body nigh me. - A. I saw you at the top of the kitchen, and your partner was receiving it from you.
Prisoner. That was no reason though I was upon the top of the wall that I should take the lead.


                  ROBERT 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a watchman; I was the partner of the last witness. When my partner called to me I went to his assistance, I stopped 
               
                  John 
                  Brewster
               



            , my partner came up, he took his hat off, and the knife fell on the pavement; I picked it up and returned it to him, being a young watchman; he asked him about the knife, he told him he had not a knife; in a short time we found it between the rails and the wall.
Prisoner's Defence. Please you, my lord, when he saw me come from the wall, as he says, he took me immediately to the gentleman's house, he rang the bell, the gentleman came down, he asked the gentleman whether he had lost any property; the gentleman looked about, and said he had lost nothing; he took me to the watchhouse, and while I was in the watchhouse a watchman came to me, and said why did not you take the lead away; then I said I had no lead; they found the lead on the dunghill after my being in the watch-house all night.



               GUILTY
            , aged 47.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justise Grose.
