





136. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SKINNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of December
, eight pieces of wood, value 10s.
             the property of

                     George 
                     Astor
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Horwood
                  



               
             and 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Banks
               



            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BANKS
               



             sworn. - I am a musical instrument-maker


, in partnership with George Astor and George Horwood, in Sun-street


; the prisoner was a servant
 in our house: In consequence of information, I went to the office in Worship-street, and saw the property; I knew it to be our's.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Did you yourself miss any thing? - A. I did not miss this wood till I saw it at the office.
GEORGE ASTOR, junior, sworn. - On Sunday evening, the 5th of December, I saw the prisoner in New-court, Crown-street, with some wood under his arm, going towards his lodging, I think it was between six and nine in the evening, the moon shone very bright; I called to him, and asked him what he had got there; he at first said, he was going for a light; I insisted upon knowing what he had got; he said he had got some wood; I followed him up stairs, and before I could overtake him, he had placed the wood in the room above his lodging; I took the wood, there were eight pieces, and followed him down stairs. I asked him how he could rob his master, and he said, he had been persuaded to it.
Q. Did you tell him it would be better for him to give an account of it? - A.No. He seemed so very much frightened, that I could get hardly any thing out of him; I took him to the watch-house, and delivered the wood to the constable; I knew it to be the wood of Astor and Company from the quality and size of it. I am in the habit of frequenting the factory; I have the management of the business of that factory; it is called aire wood, it is used for veneering.
Q. Did you miss that wood? - A. On the Monday, I looked over the bundle, and found eight leaves missing.


                  JANE 
                  HOLLOWAY
               



             sworn. - On Sunday night, the 5th of December, between seven and eight o'clock, the prisoner knocked at my door, No. 5, New-court, Crown-street; he asked for a light, and seemed to be in a hurry; he put some boards down in my room, and left them; I heard somebody on the stairs say, you villan, what have you done with the boards; and I said, here are the boards, and gave them to the gentleman.
Thomas Ashton, an officer, produced the boards.
Q.How far is New-court from the factory? - A. An hundred yards, or rather better.
Mr. Banks. On the Monday morning, I examined, and missed eight boards out of the bundle; I have since compared them with the bundle, and they correspond in the quality and numbers. All the veneers are numbered.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. How long had the prisoner been your servant? - A. He was servant before I was in the partnership. I have been in the partnership nearly two years.
Q.(To Astor, jun.) You have sworn these are eight boards, would they be called in the trade eight boards? - A. Yes.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
