





12 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GOODWIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 30th of October
, an ash plank, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas Daniel 
                     Widders
                  




               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.


                  THOMAS 
                  DANIEL WIDDERS
               



            . I live at Twickenham; I am a coachmaker and wheelwright
. The prisoner lived in Isleworth parish. On Monday the 30th of October, I missed a plank, I saw it concealed in a ditch. I watched on Monday night, he did not come then. On the Tuesday I concealed myself; I saw the prisoner come from the ditch with the plank on his shoulder; it was then about half past nine o'clock; he came up to me and said holloa. I never answered him; I walked towards Twickenham; he threw the plank off his shoulder, and followed me. The prisoner said who are you; he came and looked in my face. I turned round and would not let him see my face, because he would know me. He said d - mn your eyes I will see who you are; he followed me towards Mr. Gosling's. Then I set off upon a run. I was going to jump over a wall; he then holloed out, stop him, here is a man going to jump over the wall. I concealed myself; it was very foggy. He missed me and went towards Mr. Goslings, then he turned back, and went towards where the plank was. I took off my great coat; I went round by the water side, and met him again by the stile, about an hundred yards from where he had got the plank; I jumped over the stile and let him pass with the same plank on his shoulder. I pulled off my shoes and followed him; he went home, plank and all; I saw him house himself and the plank. On the next day I got a warrant, and went to his house with a constable; we searched the house, we could not find any thing but a small piece; we received information that there was a trap door; we went in again and took up a piece of sacking before the fire, and found half the plank there. There were some more pieces that he had cut from the same plank; he was building a cart.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I was not at home at the same time.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
