





753. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of October
, twenty-four yards of calico, value 3l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Gillman
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GREENWELL
               



             sworn. - I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Gillman
               



            , linen-draper
, Barbican


: On the 8th of October, about twelve o'clock, theprisoner came into the shop to purchase a gown; I observed her to shuffle about her cloaths, and as she was going out of the shop, her cloaths seemed to stick out a good deal; I followed her, and brought her back; as I brought her up the steps, the print dropped from under her petticoats; a gentleman passing by, brought it in; there was another shopman, Mrs. Gillman, and a customer or two in the shop at the same time; it was taken from the shop counter.
Q.Some of the persons in the shop might have seen her take it, for any thing you know? - A.They might.
- MOODY sworn. - I am a clerk in the house of Dimsdale and Co. On the 8th of October, I was going along Barbican, and saw the prisoner drop a piece of calico at Mr. Gillman's door; I took it in, and it was claimed by Mr. Gillman.(
               
                  John 
                  Mills
               



            , a constable, produced the print, which was identified by the prosecutor, as having his private mark upon it.)
Prisoner's defence. I am innocent of the charge.
The prisoner called one witness, with whom she lived servant, who gave her a good character.




               GUILTY
            , aged 19.
Of stealing, but not privately in the shop.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
