





286. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     OVERTON
                  , alias 
LLOYD





             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of March
, a sheet, value 3s. two blankets, value 12s. a cotton counterpane, value 12s. and an apron, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Carter
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CARTER
               



             sworn. - I am a working jeweller and goldsmith
, No. 13, Exeter-court, in the Strand


; I lodge on the second floor; I sent my wife out, I was finishing my dinner; I sat a few minutes, I thought I heard a noise, and went out, but saw nobody; I returned back to my dinner, I sat a few minutes more, and thought I heard the noise of a lock fly back; I went gently across the room, and saw the back room door a-jar, I rushed in, when the prisoner at the bar stood before me, in the back room; I took hold of him, and called him a thief, his hand was as close as could be to the bundle of bed-linen that laid tied up at the feet of the bed; I held him as strong as I could, but he dragged me into the passage, where I holloaed for assistance, but being too strong for me, I was obliged to let him go; he drew a knife, but whether it was open or shut I cannot tell, till he put it towards me; I let him go, and he ran down; I called stop thief, he was stopped at the door; he left the bundle behind him, it contained a sheet, two blankets, and a cotton counterpane, and an apron he dropped upon the stairs; the clothes had been left upon the bed, the bed was unmade; I saw them all on the bed, not twenty minutes before; he was a total stranger to me.


                  JAMES 
                  HUNT
               



             sworn. - I lodge in the same house; I heard the alarm, I ran down stairs, and saw the prisoner attempting to get out at the door; I collared him, and brought him back to the stairs, till the constable came.
JANE SIMPSON sworn. - I lodge in the first floor, and my door being open, I heard a noise up stairs; I saw the prisoner run down stairs, and heard Mr. Carter call, stop thief, I ran down stairs and called stop thief, and I saw the prisoner lift up a knife at the landlady, I do not know whether it was drawn or not, I was very much alarmed; he lifted up his hand, and swore by G-d he would knock the landlady down, if she did not let him out.


                  JANE 
                  LAVENDER
               



             sworn. - On the 15th of last month, I heard a noise up stairs, and presently the prisoner ran down stairs; I was sweeping the passage, and had no means of stopping him, but by shutting the street-door; he held up his hand, and swore by G-d he would knock me down; Mr. Hunt then came up, and he was secured. (The property was produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I came to town from Blackwall; I went to see my sister, I understood she was gone to live at this house; I went up to enquire for her, and this man laid hold of me; I know nothing about the property.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 57.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
