





411. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FREEMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of April
, two shirts, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Grubb
                  




               
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  GRUBB
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Grubb
               



            ; my husband is a blacksmith
, and lives in Vinegar-yard, East Smithfield


: On the 4thof this month, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I stepped out to a neighbour; I left my little girl asleep in the cradle, and I locked my door, and when I returned back, in about a quarter of an hour, as near as I can guess, I found the door just as I left it; I lifted up my latch to go in, and I saw a man draw towards me, as if he was coming from my drawers; he asked me for some man's name; I cannot recollect the name, I was in a fright; I asked him how he came to shut himself up in my place; he drove closer to me, and I saw a budge under the side of his coat; he said, I am not come to rob you; I said, what have you got under your coat; I put my hand up, and I pulled out my husband's clean white shirt, that was in one of my drawers; I then called to one of my neighbours that lived across the way, who came directly; some of the neighbours went and fetched an officer and my husband; the man begged our pardon, and said, he was very sorry for what he had done; one of the neighbours said, the prisoner had something under his hat; my husband took his hat off (the officer was present at the time) and there was a clean check shirt taken out of the same drawer where the white one was; the officer has got the two shirts.
THOMAS GRUBB sworn. - I am the husband of the last witness; I was sent for, and I saw the prisoner in custody; I asked him how he came to do so; he immediately begged my pardon, and said, he had never done the like before; one of the neighbours said, there was something in his hat, and being nearest to him, I uncovered him, and there I found a clean check shirt that had been in the drawer where the white one was. That is all I know about it.


                  DAVID 
                  CALLELL
               



             sworn. - I was an officer at the time, but am not at present: Upon the 4th of April, about four o'clock, a man came for me, and I found at the prosecutor's house the prisoner; the prisoner was searched by Thomas Grubb, and he found this check shirt in the crown of his hat.
Mrs. Grubb. I know the white shirt by mending the risbands; the check shirt is also my property.
Prisoner's defence. I was working down at Ryegate, and I came to Wapping to get a job, and I met a bricklayer, who told me he could get me a job; he said, I had been treating him, and he would treat me; I said, never mind, if you can get me a job; he went into this house, and said, take hold of these shirts, and go and pawn them; I said, I would have no concern with them; I said, I would stop till his wife came; in came this woman, and I asked if her name was Johnson; I told her that her husband was just gone out, and I did not offer to go out till such time as somebody came in. I have a wife and family at Ryegate.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
