





380. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of May
, seven tablecloths, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gudeon
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  CATHERINE HAYES
               



            . I live servant to Mr. Gudeon, 119, Wardour street


. On the 19th of May at half past six o'clock in the evening, I was going up to the three pair of stairs room, I perceived my mistresses door open.
Q. Had you seen it shut before that - A. About a quarter of an hour before that I locked it myself; I left in the room a quantity of things, among which was some tablecloths in a basket; finding the door partly open, I went up to the door, I said who is there, I pushed the door open, I perceived the prisoner just behind the door, apparently putting things into a sack, down by the side of him, which was the tablecloths out of the basket he was putting in the sack.
Q. Was your street door open - A. Yes; it is a French eating house; when I pushed the door open, I said what do you want here; he made answer, and saidhe is a coming; I said who is coming; he took me by the shoulders with one hand and apparently wishing to put me in the room that he might get out.
Q. What did he do with the sack - A. He dropped it down by the side of him, the sack did not belong to my mistress. I did not go in the room, I kept on the landing place where I was. I collared him with both my hands tight; I said you are a rogue and a thief; instantly he gave me two hard blows on my head, he gave me another blow on my head and another in my face, all with his fist, he gave me a black eye when he gave me the last blow in my face; I let go of him because it hurt me very much; I called out for assistance as loud as I could; when I let go of him he ran down stairs as fast as he could run, and I after him; he got half way out of the passage, my master came out of the kitchen and caught him, and with the assistance of the gentleman in the parlour he was secured; after the officer came I went up with them and looked at the sack; there were seven tablecloths put in the sack. The officer took the sack and the tablecloths.
Q. You are sure the tablecloths were in the basket when you locked the door - A Yes, ten tablecloths; the next day my mistress picked up three pick lock keys on the stairs.


                  JOHN 
                  GUDEON
               



            . Q. You keep the eating house in Wardour street - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember on the 26th of May last, that your maid called out for assistance - A. Yes, I came out of the kitchen, and with the assistance of some gentleman in the house I secured the prisoner.
Prisoner. I never struck the witness at all; I was rather groggy.
Q.(to Hayes.) Did this man appear to be in liquor - A. He was thoroughly sober.


                  JAMES 
                  BUDGELL
               



            . I was sent for, I went into the parlour where the prisoner was setting; I handcuffed him, and then I took him up stairs with me; I examined the bag, the mouth of it was open; this is the bag, there were seven tablecloths in it. I took the bag and the tablecloths, I have had them in my custody ever since. Here is a key that was found on the stairs, it opened the door.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I went up the street to enquire for a brother in law of mine; the street door was open, I went up one pair of stairs; I knocked at the door, I saw the door of a jarr, nobody answered. I went in and came out again; this young woman asked me what I wanted, I told her I had made a mistake. I was wrong in the house. I might shove by her, the young woman seemed to be falling of one side; I was going down stairs when I found I was in the wrong house.



               GUILTY
            , aged 46.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
