






23. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     CARR
                  , otherwise 
KERR





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of November
, five ounces and a half of silver, value 28s.
             the property of 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Pontifex
               




            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  DANIEL 
                  PONTIFEX
               



             sworn. - I am a silversmith
, in St. John's-square, Clerkenwell


; the prisoner was a journeyman
 of mine, and has been so five years next Christmas; his wages were twenty-six shillings per week; I have missed silver for near three years, and endeavoured to find out the thief: On the 7th of November, between three and four o'clock, the prisoner had two silver sauce-boat covers weighed to him, and when he left work in the evening, between five and six, they were weighed again, and there was a deficiency of near an ounce; on Monday morning they were weighed again, and at one o'clock, when he went to dinner, when there was a deficiency of one ounce three pennyweights; that being the case, on Tuesday morning I gave him a coffee-pot body; I weighed it to him, and two tea-pot spouts; Mr. Atkins was present; they weighed nineteen ounces four pennyweights, and were given to the prisoner by my errand-boy; we then went to Hatton-garden, and got an officer and search-warrant; when the prisoner went to dinner, I immediately took up his work, followed him down stairs, and put it into the scale, and there was a deficiency of one ounce ten pennyweights; I run into the square, and called the prisoner back; he returned, and went into the accompting-house; Mr. Atkins was there; I said to the prisoner I have been a long time robbed, and I have frequently told you so; and, as it happens, the suspicion falls upon you; he said, he knew nothing about it; the officer was called in, and he was searched; in his right-hand waistcoat-pocket he took out one ounce ten pennyweights of silver, and six pennyweights of silver folder; the prisoner said, he was very sorry for it; we then took him to Hatton-garden; I can swear positively the silver in his pocket is my property; I never gave permission to workmen to take silver home, nor is there any profit arising from the scrapings, filings, or cuttings; silver at that time was six shillings and two-pence per ounce.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Beside examining the prisoner's pocket, did you examine the bag into which the filings had been put? - A. Not particularly, but I took out the cuttings of the coffee-pot; I took out all he had left; he could not have filed any large quantity.
Q. Therefore you did not put that in the pocket and that in the bag into the scale together? - A. The silver in the bag would not come off the pot in that stage of it; there were no scrapings came off.
Q. Whether the prisoner worked at home you cannot speak to? - A. He had no tools.
Q. Did you see the boy deliver these things? - A. I did not; but it was impossible he could take any out.
(
               
                  Michael 
                  Atkins
               



             confirmed the last witness.)


                  PATRICK 
                  DIVINE
               



             sworn. - I took the prisoner into custody. (Produces the silver, which was identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I have very little to say in my own defence; I have been in the habit of being an employed master myself, and was going to do a small job; I had silver of my own, and only wanted to take a piece of folder, and meant to put a piece of silver in the place of it; I have served Mr. Pontifex faithfully and honestly, and he has been a good master to me; but I wish I had served my God as well as I served Mr. Pontifex, I should have nothing now to lament.



               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
