





327. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  CHESHIRE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of March
, four shillings
            , the monies of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wallbank
               




            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WALLBANK
               



             sworn. - I am a labouring man
 in a merchant's warehouse, the prisonertook four shillings from my mantle-piece, I live in Red Lion-street, Spital-fields


: On the 17th of March, about one o'clock, she came to my house, I have known her some years, and said she was in great distress, and had but three-pence halfpenny in the world; I told her it was not in my power to relieve her, I had a very large family, she was welcome to take a dinner such as I had for my family; she thanked me, and said she would stay and have some dinner, and she staid there till five o'clock; I went to the door with my children between four and five o'clock, she sat by the fire-place where the four shillings laid on the mantle-piece; I came in after that, and missed the money from the mantle-piece, and accused her of taking it; she denied it, and said she had not got any such money about her; I am sure there was nobody but my own family and her in the room when I went to the door with my children, I stood by the door post, I am sure nobody could come in without my seeing them.


                  THOMAS 
                  HART
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody, I made her pull out the money from her pocket, and there were four shillings in silver, and two or three halfpence; I asked her how she came by them; she said, her sister had given them to her to buy a shift, she lived in Paul-street; I went to her sister, and she said she had not seen her that day, but the day before she had given her four-pence; I produce the four shillings.
Prisoner's defence. My Lord, the prosecutor and my husband are two own cousins; I have not seen my husband, nor had a halfpenny from him this two years, or better; I had agreed with a person to work for her, she was to give me seven shillings a week; in the course of that week I had received three shillings and four-pence to buy some necessaries, on Saturday I received three shillings and eight-pence of her. On Saturday night I went to my sister's she gave me four-pence, then I had three shillings in silver and four-pence in copper; the mangler asked me to turn the mangle, and then she would give me sixpence, which I did, and when I had done she asked me to give her six pennyworth of halfpence, and she would give me a shilling, then I had four shillings and sixpence. On Sunday morning I went to buy an article that I wanted very bad; going there I called at the prosecutor's and asked him if he had seen any thing of my husband; when I went in there, the prosecutor's wife and another woman were sitting there by the fire-side; I was there above half an hour before the prosecutor came in; I asked the prosecutor's wife if her husband had seen any thing of my husband; she said, her husband was a very close man, and very likely if he had he would not tell, it was of no use to ask him; I told her I wanted to buy a shift, I had only four shillings and sixpence; she advised me not to buy it that week, but trust till another week; when he came in, I asked him if he had seen my husband; he said, no, he begged me to stop to have some dinner. After dinner he went out, and I asked his wife if she would like a pint of beer, she gave me a shilling to get a pint of beer, I brought her the beer, and just about a quarter past five the prosecutor came in again, and as he came in, I heard his wife say I had four shillings in my pocket, and was going to buy a piece of cloth with it; then he came in, and looked on the mantle-piece, and said that how I must have taken it from the mantle-piece; he then said to me that he knew I had four shillings in my pocket, and if I would not give it up to him he would send for an officer, and have me taken up; I told him I would not give it, he sent for an officer, and the officer searched my pocket, and took the four shillings from me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
