






222. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     HARTLEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of February
, seven yards of printed cotton, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Hillman
                  




               
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  HILLMAN
               



             sworn. - I live in Crown-street, Finsbury-square


; I keep a linen-draper's shop
; about three o'clock, I was standing behind the counter; a woman called out, you have lost some printed cotton from the door; I went out of the door, and the people said, there he runs; I overtook the prisoner, and they said, that is the man; he run down Long-alley; his great coat was buttoned tight, but something stuck out under his great coat; I tapped him on the shoulder; I told him I thought he had something of mine; he said he had not; I pulled open his great coat, and took the cotton from him, which is now in Court.
Q. How many yards were there? - A. Seven yards of printed cotton; it hung over an iron; it had been cut off; this was the piece. - (Shews it to the Court.)
Q. How long before you took it from him had you seen it? - A. Not five minutes; he then begged I would not expose him; he would go quietly with me; I took him to the Office in Worship-street.
Q.What reason had you to accuse the woman? - A. I did not accuse the woman, any more than she was at the Office, and one of the officers charged her with putting her hand as if she was taking something from her; I did not see the woman prisoner till I got to the Office; the officer asked her if she knew the prisoner.
Q. What was the officer's name? - A.Armstrong and Gray; she said, no, she followed merely out of curiosity; the man prisoner said, he never knew her; on being asked that, the officer searched her, but nothing was found in her possession belonging to me; the officer found a handkerchief in her pocket unhemmed, which exactly corresponded with that the prisoner had in his pocket. On pulling open her pellise, there was found a pair of scissars, which might have cut the cotton off, as there was a piece left on the iron at the door; a person in my shop had seen them together but two minutes before the cotton was taken away.
Q. When you looked at the cotton, did it appear whether it was cut by scissars or a knife? - A. I cannot tell any more than it was cut; I cannot say by what; the cotton I knew again when I saw it, what was left hanging on the iron; Ann Hall can speak that she saw her at the door, asking her the price of the cotton.


                  ANN 
                  HALL
               



             sworn. - I live with Mr. Hillman; I was standing at the door about five minutes before the robbery was committed; I saw the man and woman prisoner at the door; they were talking together; the man asked if I belonged to the shop; I told him, yes; he asked me the price of some things at the door; they both walked away together, and I went in; I had hardly been in before a man called out, the cotton was gone.
Q. Was this bit of cotton hanging rather on the outside of the door? - A. No, on the inside; he asked me the price of that very bit of cotton.
- ARMSTRONG sworn. - I am an officer: On Tuesday the 14th of February, Mr. Hillman brought the prisoner in, and gave charge of him for felony; I saw the prisoners searched; Ray has got the things; I found nothing on the man but money and some keys and a handkerchief; from an observation, the woman was given into my custody in the room; I searched the woman, on opening her pellise these scissars dropped out; on searching her pockets I found this handkerchief, it is unhemmed, and four keys, and this bit of stuff; I asked her her name, she would not tell her name, nor place of abode, and denied knowing any thing of the man; the man denied knowing her. The cotton was delivered by Mr. Hillman to me; I have had it ever since.
- RAY sworn. - I am an officer; I searched the man; I found a handkerchief that matched with that found on the woman, and unhemmed.
Wilson's defence. I took it from the steps of the door, not knowing what I was doing.
Hartley did not say any thing in her defence.
Neither of the prisoners called any witnesses to character.
Wilson, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Hartley, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
