





11. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     FENTON
                  , alias 
                     
ROBERT ATKINSON FENTON





            , was indicted for that 


               he on the 19th of February, in the 43d year of his Majesty' reign
, did marry and take to wife one 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Wainwright
                        




                     
                  , his former wife being then living
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  JOHN 
                  TURNER
               



            . Q. Where do you live - A. At Hawkeshead in Lancashire.
Q. Do you know the prisoner Fenton - A. Yes, I know him very well. I was present when he was married in the year 1797.
Q. Have you the register of his marriage - A. I have. I was at the marriage, and signed the marriage.
Q. From whom had you the register - A. From the minister of the parish; I wrote my name as a witness of the marriage. This is the register of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Fenton -
               




"
               
                  Robert 
                  Fenton
               



             of this parish, husbandman, and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Pool
               



             of this parish, spinster, was married in this church by banns, this 22nd of March in the year 1797, by me Bragg White, minister. - This marriage was solemnized between us, 
               
                  Robert 
                  Fenton
               



             and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Pool
               



            , in the presence of 
               
                  John 
                  Turner
               



             and 
               
                  George 
                  Renney
               



            ."
Q. Is 
               
                  Mary 
                  Pool
               



             still living - A. I saw her on Saturday morning as I set off from Lancashire to come to London; he has two children by her.
Q. Do you know how long he staid with her - A. It may be seven years; I am not certain.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Did you know them intimately while they lived together - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know how long he lived with her after they were married - A. Not seven years; three or four years or more.
Q. Do not you know that they agreed to part, and that there was a separate maintenance - A. I never heard of any deed of separation; he sent her away only with her clothes.
Mr. Gurney. You are a relation of her's - A. I married her sister.
COURT. What do you mean by saying that he sent her away - A. He sent her to her mother's only with her clothes; she lived at Hawkeshead, about forty miles from her mother's.


                  MARY 
                  WAINWRIGHT
               



            . Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar - A. I do; I first knew him in the year 1802.
Q. Were you ever married to him - A. Yes, I was, on the 19th of February 1803, at St. James', Clerkenwell


, by banns.
Q. How long had he paid his addresses to you before you was married - A. About six months.
Q. How long did you live with him - A. About two years and a half.
Q. You have seen him write, I presume, often - A. Yes.
Q. Did you on some occasion receive that letter from him - A. I did; it is his hand writing. I had made application to him for pecuniary assistance; he had taken away all my clothes; I had neither clothes, money, nor friends.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Your clothes had been provided by him during the time you lived with him - A. No, they were not.
Q. You were in service at the time he married you - A. Yes.
Q. You had no fortune, I presume - A. I had plenty of good clothes, and money in my pocket.
Q. But no great fortune - A. No. [The letter read.]
Addressed to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Wainwright
               



            , at Mrs. Forrester's Poland street, Soho.
RUMFORD, ESSEX. 1806.
"MADAM.
"Yours I received, and in order to answer your request, and to bring things to a more speedy conclusion, have to inform you that you can by no means make a demand or expect an agreement from me, as not being my lawful wife. What I am going to explain will no doubt surprise you; however I think it necessary, in order that I may give you no longer suspence, but hereafter you may pursue your own method to take the law against me, or otherwise, as you may think proper to answer your ends. - I have to inform you that at our first meeting I deceived you; in doing that I deceived myself also. If you look back, you must see my behaviour to you at sometimes was somewhat odd, but it was not without a reason, and my reason was this - I have another wife, and have had three years and a half past, and by her I have had two children living and one dead; I left her in an hour I supposed my affairs were in a precarious state, which obliged me to leave my country and friends; but at this time I understand things are reconciled between them and me, and I am determined at this time to live no longer in adultery; and I am sure you can have no desire, fromwhat I have heard you say respecting a married man - I now have explained the matter as far as I dare say you can wish; as any more can be of no consequence to you. I leave you to act as you think proper, when I will bid an everlasting adieu to London and you. Hoping that you will meet with a person that is more worthy your affections, and to end your days in unity and love (which could never have been the case with me), I remain your well wisher, but equally injured
"R. A. FENTON.
"P. S. If you answer this, as I hope you will, in order to inform me how you will act, I will either send you something now, or at Christmas, according to promise; and hope you will ever look forward to yourself, and give up a man who has acted so basely. Adieu for ever and ever."
Mr. Gurney. Have you been able to find him - A. He was not found by me, but by his third wife.
Q. Were you able to discover him - A. No.
Mr. Knapp. Did you try to find him - A. I took out a warrant against him about a twelvemonth ago.
Q. Did you not try before that twelvemonth ago - A Yes; I went down to Romford where he resided; in consequence of that he left Romford; then I could not find him.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel.



               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Grose.
