





510. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HENLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of June
, one thousand yards of ribbon, value 50 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Alley.


                  JOHN 
                  MACKRAY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Smith, his warehouse is at No. 44 Gutter lane; I manufacture the goods for Mr. Smith in Coventry; the manufactory at Coventry is Mr. Smith's.
Q. Did you on the 16th of June, send a parcel in a box to Mr. Smith, in the Balloon coach - A. Yes, the bill of parcels was in the box; I packed it myself.
Q. What were the goods - A. Fifty three pieces of ribbons.
Q. Of course you know the ribbons when you see them. - A. Yes.
Mr. Gurney. Did you yourself see it delivered - A. I did not; I sent a servant with it.


                  RICHARD 
                  DALTON
               



            . Q. You are guard to the Balloon coach - A. I am.
Q. When you arrive at London you are bound to deliver them - A. Yes.
Q. Had you a box directed to Mr. Smith, No. 44, Gutter lane - A. I had; it was safely delivered into the coach office, Lad lane; I am guard of the Coventry coach from Coventry to the Swan with Two Necks, Lad lane


; the way bill is here, it is in the way bill.


                  JOHN 
                  DREW LARKMAN
               



            . Q. You are clerk to the Swan and Two Necks, Lad lane - A. Yes.
Q. Did you receive a parcel from the Coventry coach on the 17th of June - A. It was called over to me by the guard; I did not see it; it was marked in the way bill by me, and delivered to the porter in the usual way.
Q. What time did the Balloon coach come in on; Friday the 17th of June - A. About half past ten.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CROUCH
               



            . Q. You are porter, and carry out parcels at the Swan and Two Necks, Lad lane - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember the day we are speaking of, that a servant of the prosecutor's applied for the box - A. Yes, the servant called about a quarter past twelve o'clock; I could not find the box.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEWIT
               



            . Q. You are a ribbon dresser in Wood street - A. Yes.
Q. On the 17th of June do you remember the prisoner coming to your house - A. He came between one and four o'clock; I did not take them in; I looked out of the window and saw him; my brother brought up word that the prisoner had brought these ribbons,and they must be dressed by ten o'clock the next morning.
Q. Did you afterwards see the prisoner - A. Yes, the prisoner came to my house again on Saturday morning, about half past ten o'clock, for these ribbons, the six pieces that he had left the day before.
Q. Did you give him the six pieces - A. No, he left four more: he wanted them to be dressed by half after twelve o'clock.
Q. You had received some information of the robbery - A I had. At half after one he came for the ribbons; a constable was there to take him, and two or three people in the shop.
Q. Did you give him the ribbons - A. No. I asked him if he was the manufacturer, he said he was not; he said he bought the goods. I asked him who he bought them of, he said it was of no consequence to me, he would pay me for them if I had done them; I told him he must go along with me, the constable stood there waiting for him; he said that he bought them of a man that came from Coventry the day before. As we were going to the Mansion house he mentioned that he gave eighteen pounds for them.
Q. Did you afterwards enquire whether he knew a ribbon dresser of the name of Dean - A. Yes, he said he did not. I asked him if he knew Bell square, he said no; after denying it two or three times, he confessed he did.
Q. Was there any thing in particular as to these ribbons, as to their marks - A. There were no marks upon them.
COURT. Is it usual for the manufacturer's mark to be on them - A. Yes, but these were cut off at the end.
Q. Have you got them in your possession - A. Here they are.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. You are a ribbon dresser in Wood street - A. Yes.
Q. And Gutter lane is close to Wood street - you live in Wood street and the prosecutor lives in Gutter lane - the prisoner came to you on Friday, and he came the next day, as he appointed - A. Yes.
Q. In the course of conversation did not he mention to you that he had a larger quantity at home of the same purchase - A. He did. I and the officer went to his house.
Q. And there he pointed out the remainder which he had purchased - A. Yes.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  DEAN
               



            . Q. Your husband, I believe, is a ribbon dresser - A. Yes; we live in Bell square in the city. On the 18th of June, between ten and eleven o'clock, the prisoner came with three pieces of ribbon to get them dressed, he asked me to get them dressed in the course of an hour; I told him it was impossible, the fires were not alight, in consequence they could not be dressed: he opened the goods, I knew them to be four pieces of Mr. Smith's in Gutter lane; I told him with his leave I would take the goods and ask my husband; he gave them me; I took them up stairs and asked him if they were not Mr. Smith's goods.
Q. In consequence of what passed between you and your husband the goods were kept - A. Exactly so. When I came down stairs I said they would be done in an hour and a half; he said that would do, and went away; he promised to return in an hour and an half. After he was gone my husband took the goods to Mr. Smith.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DEAN
               



            . Q. You are the husband of the last witness - A. I am.
Q. Have you got three pieces of ribbon which your wife brought up to you to dress. - A. I have.
Q. Are the ends on them, as usual when they come to be dressed - A. No, they are cut off; they are in the same state now as when my wife brought them to me.
COURT. The ends where they had the mark is cut off - A. It is.


                  DANIEL 
                  LEADBETTER
               



            . Q. You are one of the officers of the city - A. I am.
Q. Do you recollect the day the prisoner was examined before the lord mayor - A. Yes. On the 18th of June I accompanied the prisoner to his house, he said he had a quantity more ribbons that he bought at the same time with those produced before the lord mayor by the dressers, but what number of pieces he could not tell, nor of whom he bought them. We had this conversation in his house. Going along he said he bought them of a man that came into his shop, but he did not know where he lived nor his name.
Q. Did he say that he had received them in a parcel from the country - A. He did not When we came to his house he went to a drawer on the left hand side of the shop, he produced thirty one pieces first; this single half piece of white was found afterwards in a drawer on the right hand side of the shop; he said he bought that of Mr. Abbot or Mr. Evans; Mr. Smith claimed it as his pattern, and he believed it came with the others. Mrs. Smith asked him if he had a bill of parcels with it, he said he dare say he had; his wife went to a file to see if she could find it; she could not; he said he gave eighteen pounds for them - two pieces of Irish linen in part, and the rest in money.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. He told you he himself did not understand ribbons in an undressed state - A. He did.
Q. His wife keeps a haberdasher's shop in Whitecross street - I believe you know he is by business a cupper in Bagnio court - A. I have heard that he lived in Bagnio court before he came to Whitecross street.
Q. Upon your asking him where they were, he shewed you where they were - A. Yes; he asked his wife where they were, and brought them forward to us before we made any search.


                  EVAN 
                  EVANS
               



            . Q. I believe you are a warehouse-man - A. I am a silkman, I live in Goldsmith street.
Q. Did the prisoner purchase any piece of white ribbon of you - A. He did not.
Mr. Gurney. He dealt with you - A. Yes, he has a regular account with us in the silk business; he bought particularly sewing silk.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . Q. You carry on this business on your own account - A. Yes, I have no partner; I have a manufactory in Coventry, and my warehouse is in Gutter lane.
Q. Do you recollect on the 17th of June whether you sent for a box of ribbons, and whether it was brought to your house - A. I did, and I did not receive it.
Q. Do you recollect in consequence of some information going to Mr. Hewitt's house the next day - A. Yes, where we found the prisoner; I went with him to the Lord Mayor at the Mansion house.
Q. What was said at the Mansion house was it takenin writing - A. Yes.
MR. HOMLER. Q. Was it taken in writing - A. Yes. (read) 
               
                  John 
                  Smith
               



             said he had a box of ribbons; it came from Coventry yesterday; this morning a person came to my dresser; the man had left ribbons; they were to be done in hurry; 
               
                  William 
                  Hewitt
               



             said he brought six pieces of ribbon; he came this morning with four pieces more; the prisoner said he had the remainder of the goods at home; he bought them of a man that came into the shop; he took two pieces of Irish linen, and the rest in money; he did not know how many pieces; they were continually hawked about.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I have stated the truth to my attorney, the case is what you have already heard; before the Lord Mayor I stated the same; I bought them of a man that I have bought braces, stiffeners, and ribbons of before; he came in the morning, he told me they came out of Coventry; I looked at these things; I said they were old things; no, he said, they wanted dressing; he said he would deal with me if he could, he would take half goods, and half money; he took two pieces of Irish, and the rest in money.
The prisoner called eight witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
