






11. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  KIRVIN
               



             and 
               
                  MARY 
                  CONNOR
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of November
, a pair of spectacles, value 15s. a thimble, value 6d. two seven-shilling-pieces, a sixpence and three halfpence, the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Lloyd
                     



                  , privily from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Susannah 
                           Lloyd
                        



.
LYON BACKROW sworn. - I am a constable: On the 9th of November, I was standing at the corner of Queen-street


, and observed the two prisoners pass four or five times backwards and forwards; they were walking together, but I did not see them talking; after the procession had passed down Queen-street, I saw the two prisoners following close behind this lady, the man was before the lady, and the woman behind, they were crossing Queen-street, when I heard the man say to the prosecutrix, I will conduct you safe over; then I saw the woman prisoner take her cloak from her right-arm, and throw it over her left arm; as soon as the man let the prosecutrix go, I seized hold of the woman prisoner's hand, and took this pair of spectables out of her hand; I took the woman to the Compter, and the prosecutrix followed me; she came in about four or five minutes after, I asked her, if she had lost any thing, she said, yes, a pair of spectacles, I shewed them to her, and she said, they were her's.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp, Counsel for Kirvin.
Q. It was the woman that was behind? - A. Yes.
Q. And it was the woman who had the spectacles? - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley, Counsel for Comor.
Q. Are you the Mr. Backrow we have had here before? - A. Yes, and Mr. Knapp knows it.
Q. How long ago? - A.Seven years ago.
Q. Have you ever been here since? - A.Once as a witness.
Q. You were an extraordinary constable on that day? - A. I don't understand you.
Q. You were an extra constable? - A. Yes.
Q. There was one other time that you were at that bar? - A. No, only once, that my Lord knows, and my prosecutor was tried afterwards by the Middlesex Jury, he was an honest Jew.
Q. You are an honest Jew too, are you not? - A. Yes.
Q. Did not the prosecutrix tell you the spectacles she lost, were in a case? - A. No, she did not mention any thing about a case.


                  ISAAC 
                  BACKROW
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I was with my brother, on the 9th of November, standing at the corner of Queen-street; just before the procession came by, I saw the two prisoners walking backwards and forwards, several times; I saw them talking together; the prosecutrix came by, and then the man prisoner walked before her, and the woman walked behind; the man would not let the prosecutrix go by for very near a minute; she might have passed by, and he obsturcted her several times, she was going towards the City coffee-house; as soon as the prosecutrix got by, I caught hold of the woman's right-hand, and took a silver thimble and three halfpence out of her hand; the man wanted to go down Queen-street, and I caught him by the collar; I told him, he must go along with me, he resisted, and got out of my hands, a gentleman came up and assisted me; I never lost fight of him; we took him to the Compter, the prosecutrix came and claimed the things.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q.Were you tried here along with your brother? - A. Yes.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  LLOYD
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Lloyd
               



            ,; on Lord-Mayor's day, I was going through Cheapside, between twelve and one o'clock; when I came to Queen-street, a great crowd obstructed my passing; I stood up at a door-way, till the crowd apparently was dispersing; there appeared a possibility of getting a cross the end of Queen-street, and I attempted it; I was looking carefully if any carriages were passing, when the man prisoner said, madam, you seem flurried, I said, I was; he said, madam, don't be afraid, I will take care you shall not slip in crossing, and thought he made an attempt to prevent my slipping, he obstructed me, and raised my leftarm.
Q. Had you an idea at the time, that the obstruction was on purpose? - A. No; a carriage was then turning round, and I made a run; at thattime, something appeared to stop me, but I cannot say what; I did not feel any thing about my pockets, and at that moment I heard a voice behind me, saying, ah, have I got you, you could not let the lady pass; I don't know who it was that said so, I was frightened, and ran into a linen-draper's shop, there I found my pocket entirely emptied, it was twisted in a heap under my white petticoat; at first I thought my pockets had been cut off, then I went to the Compter; I lost a pair of spectable, a thimble, and a purse containing two seven shilling pieces, and a sixpence; when I got to the Compter, I immediately said, that was the man that made an attempt to hand me across the road; the officer stood by, and asked me if I had lost any thing, I told him what I had lost, and he shewed me my spectacles, which I knew to be mine, and a thimble which I cannot swear to, but I believe it to be the same that I lost, I have not found any thing else.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q.There was a very considerable crowd on this day? - A. Yes.
Q. Will you swear you did not lose your property before you got to Bow-church? - A. No.
Q. How long had you had your spectacles? - A. I dare say, ten years.
The prisoners left their defence to their Counsel.
For the Prisoners.


                  JAMES 
                  RACKSTRAW
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Were you in Cheapside on the 9th of November? - A. Yes, I think between twelve and one o'clock; I saw that lusty woman at the bar pick up a pair of spectacles and a thimble, which appeared white, and I saw a man in a brown coat lay hold of her directly afterwards.
Q.Should you know that man again? - A. I don't think I should, for I was hustled away in the crowd.
Q. Did you know her before? - A. No.
Cross-examined by the Court. Q. What are you? - A. A master tailor, in Gravel-lane, Southwark.
Q. Do you keep house there? - A. No, I am a lodger.
Q. How long have you lived there? - A. I believe twelve or fourteen years.
Q. In the same house? - A.Within twenty yards.
Q. How long have you lived in the same house? - A. Three quarters of a year.
Q. Where did you live before that? - A. Two doors below.
Q. How long did you live there? - A. About three years and a half, or four years.
Q. What is the number of the house where you lived four years? - A.Sixty-one, I think.
Q. How came you to find your way here today? - A. I have been attending here all the week.
Q. What brought you here? - A.Because I was ordered by a man that knew me and brought me forward.
Q. What is that man's name? - A. Mr. Pring, a glass-blower, at Whitesriars.
Q. Is he here? - A. I believe so.
Q. How came Mr. Pring to bring you here? - A. Because he knew me, and heard me cry halves, when the prisoner picked up the spectacles and thimble.
Q. How came you to cry halves? - A. Because I was a tailor, and wanted a thimble.
Q. You don't know why Mr. Pring brought you here? - A. No, he came to me last week.
Q. Did he give you a subpoena here? - A. No.
Q. Did you know him before? - A. Yes.
Q. You were not walking with him on Lord-Mayor's-day? - A. No, I did not see him on the Lord-Mayor's-day, but he saw me.
Q. Did he tell you what you were to come here for? - A. He said, you saw a person pick up a pair of spectarles and a thimble, did not you? and I said, yes; that was the way he brought me forward.
Pring was called, but did not appear.
The prisoner, Connor, called one witness who had known her fifteen years, and gave her a good character.
Kirvin's defence. I know nothing of the business, I have been forty years in his Majesty's navy.
The prisoner, Kirvin, called one witness, who had known him eleven years ago, and gave him a good character.
Kirvin, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Connor, GUILTY, aged 38.
Of 


               stealing, to the value of 10d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
