





441. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     KNIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he about the hour of one on the night of the 22d of July
, being in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , feloniously did steal four great coats, value 5 l. a waistcoat, value 12 s. and a pair of gloves, value 6 d. the property of the said 
                     
                        George 
                        Smith
                     



                  , and that he afterwards on the same night burglariously did break and get out of the same
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. I am a stable keeper
, I live in Tottenham Court road


, the prisoner was in my service. On the 21st of July he was under ostler
, he slept in the accounting house in the yard, where saddles, bridles, and some great coats were left, belonging to gentlemen, I knew he was in bed before twelve o'clock where this property was kept on the 21st of July last; in the morning soon after four o'clock the head ostler informed me that the back gate was open, and the things were gone.
Q. All you know is from the information of other; you say this room that he slep in, saddles, great coats, and bridles, were put there that belonged to customers. - A. Yes, they were put there for safety, there are two doors to that room, one went into the dwelling house, and the other into the yard, they are fastened with locks, the door that goes into the dwelling house I locked myself at eleven o'clock at night, he was in the room then but not in bed; the door in the yard has a spring lock and a latch.


                  RICHARD 
                  MOORE
               



             sworn. I am head ostler to Mr. Smith.
Q. Do you sleep at Mr. Smith's. - A. No, I sleep at my own house, on the 21st of July I was at Mr. Smiths, I left his yard at half past eleven.
Q. Do you know in what state the prisoner's room was when you left the yard. - A. The prisoner was in the room, I shut his room door that goes into the yard, and I left him there, I fastend the door both with the spring lock and the latch; I left four great coats there, a waistcoat, and a pair of buck skin gloves in one of the waistcoat pockets.
Q. Any body else sleep there besides the prisoner. - A. No, I returned in the morning about twenty minutes past four o'clock.
Q. Was it light at that time. - A. It was perfectly day light, I was going to call our post boy, he was to go to Barnet that morning at seven o'clock; I turned my head a little bit and saw the gates next John-street a little open, I went to the accompting house, where this man slept, to call him up to do his work, I saw the four great coats and the prisoner was gone, and the waistcoat; I never saw the prisoner again till he was taken.


                  ISAAC 
                  HORNER
               



             sworn. I am in the employ of Mr. Smith; I only know that the prisoner was in the employ of Mr. Smith, he absconded and the coats were missing. On the 5th of September, between one and two o'clock, in St. John-street, opposite Charterhouse-lane, I saw the prisoner, I asked him what made him go away in the manner he did, I signified to him that I should take him in custody, he ran away, I dismounted my horse and gave it in charge to a man and ran after him, he ran into a little court where there was no throughfare, I took him and gave him to a constable.
Q.(to prosecutor) Did you ever find these great coats again. - A. No.
Q.(to Moore) Can you take upon you to value the great coats. - A. I can safely say the four great coats are worth ten guineas.
Q. Can you positively swear that the four great coats are worth more than forty shillings. - A. I can.
Prisoner's Defence. I am not guilty, I am quite a stranger here.





               GUILTY
            , aged 30.
Of stealing to the value of thirty nine shillings, but not of breaking out of the dwelling house.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Sutton.
