





811. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     REMINGTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of October
, a cord, value 1d. a mat, value 1s. and 112lb. weight of snuff, value 12l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Martin 
                           Pearkes
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  COLEMAN
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to Messrs. Pearkes, and Co. in Newgate-street, it is only a nominal partnership, there is no partner, he is a tobacconist and snuff-maker
, in Newgate-street


: On the 14th of October, I was in the accompting-house, with my back to the shop, and coming into the warehouse, we missed the truss of snuff; next morning, we were informed the prisoner was taken with the goods; we attended at the Mansion-house, and swore to the property.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You said first, it was a partnership? - A. It goes so, but it is not; there is no one in partnership with him.


                  DANIEL 
                  CARTWRIGHT
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to the City: In company with Read and another, on the 14th of October, between seven and eight o'clock, we stopped the prisoner with this truss, in Aldersgate-street; Tipper went up, and asked him what he had, then he hesitated, and said, he could not tell us, but that he was desired to go to Islington with it; Tipper asked him where he brought it from, he said, from St. Bartholomew-street; we asked him who the person was, he said, he did not know; we then took him to the Compter; I went to Mr. Pearkes, there were twelve bladdres in it.
Mr. Alley. Q. He was driving a horse and cart, was not he? - A. No, he was running very fast with it on his back. (The property was produced.)


                  Richard 
                  Robinson
               



            . This is the property of Mr. Pearkes; I was in the shop the whole evening, but never saw the prisoner.
Prisoner. I leave my defence to my Counsel.
GUILTY, aged 27.




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
