





134. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     NEED
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 29th of December
, three yards of silk, value 6 s. 6 d. two pair of pantaloons, value 6 s. a table cloth, value 1 s. five yards of stuff, value 6 d. four gowns, value 7 s. four petticoats, value 2 s. a shawl, value 1 s. 6 d. two yards of muslin, value 1 s. a cloth coat, value 2 s. a surplice, value 6 d. and a cloak, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edmund 
                     Spragg
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Burton
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Vickers
                  



               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  BURTON
               



            . I am an optician; I keep a shop in the Borough. On the 29th of December, I received information that something belonging to the Royalty theatre was pledged; the prisoner was mistress of the wardrobe
.
Q. Who are the proprietors of the Royalty theatre


 - A. 
               
                  George 
                  Burton
               



            , 
               
                  Gilbert 
                  Sprag
               



            , and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Vickers
               



            , were the three sole proprietors; Mr. Vickers and I, are at present the assignees.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am an officer. On the 29th of December I was sent for to the royalty theatre; I searched the prisoner there; I found upon her seventy four duplicates; many of them led to a discovery of the articles stolen. I afterwards searched her house in St. George's fields; and there I found this fringe and two pair of drawers.


                  LOUISA 
                  MILBOURN
               



            . I live at No. 50, Chamberstreet, Goodman's fields. I have pledged things for the prisoner by her orders.


                  GEORGE 
                  HOCKLEY
               



            . I live at 81, Cable street, Well close square. I have taken in a variety of articles which are claimed by the proprietors of the Royalty theatre; some pledged by Milbourne, and some by Hartley; a cloak, a muslin gown, and a piece of silk, I took in of Hartley; a muslin gown, of Milbourne, a coat, and a pair a pantaloons.
Q. to Miller. Have you the duplicates of these things - A. Yes.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, No. 7, London road, St. George's fields; a sheet and a gown was pawned with me on the 21st of November in the name of Burgess.


                  Louisa 
                  Milbourne
               



            . I pledged the coat and two pair of trowsers; I gave the duplicates to Mrs. Need.
MRS. HARTLEY. I pawned the articles by Mrs. Need's orders, I gave her the duplicates; Mrs. Need told me the things were her own.
The property produced and identified.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 41.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
