





113. 
               
                  TULLY M'CONE


               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 22nd of December
, a table cloth cover,value 10 s. ten pieces of carpet, value 10 s. a quarter of a pound weight of thread, value 1 s. and seven yards of canvas, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Brown
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Herbert 
                     Broom
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harris
                  



               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  JOHN 
                  HARRIS
               



            . Q. You, I believe, keep a carpet warehouse


 in Leicester fields


 - A. I do, with my partners 
               
                  John 
                  Brown
               



             and 
               
                  Herbert 
                  Broom
               



            . The prisoner has been in our service for a twelvemonth back; in consequence of suspicion he was taken up by the officer on Tuesday the 27th of December last.
Q. Had you before that missed these pieces of carpeting - A. On Saturday evening the 24th, I missed not only the piece mentioned in the indictment, but a large quantity of wrappers, above an hundred yards, which is not in the indictment; the table cloth cover I did not miss till it was found.
Q. How lately before had you seen the pieces of carpeting - A. It was about six weeks before that I had employed him to assist me in sorting a number of patterns, among which were these mentioned in the indictment; these are the patterns. Donaldson the officer went to search the lodgings; I accompanied him.
Q. Before you went to search did you enquire where he lodged - A. I did; he told me he lodged at 23, Exeter street in the Strand; a young man in the warehouse told him he knew he did not; he persisted he did; the officer took a key from him, he stated it was the key of his room door; he also described the room to be a back room up two pair of stairs; I accompanied the officer; I found he did not lodge there. I afterwards found out he lodged in Berwick street; I am not sure whether it is the Black Swan or the Black Lion. The constable took two keys from him; one unlocked the chamber door, and the other unlocked the prisoner's trunk; there was a shirt in that trunk; inside of that was a green cloth table cover; I immediately knew it to be the property of my partners and myself, from the private mark that was attached to it. I received from the hands of the landlord other articles - pieces of carpeting and thread.


                  JOSEPH 
                  TOURNIER
               



            . I keep the Black Lion in Berwick street.
Q. In the month of December last did the prisoner lodge with you - A. Yes, about three weeks before Mr. Harris came to search. I gave to Mr. Harris some pieces of carpeting which the prisoner gave me.
Q. Did he state to you how he came by those pieces of carpeting - A. Seeing my bed room door open, he said landlord, you have no bedside carpeting; I said no, I cannot afford them; he ran up stairs and brought down these pieces of carpeting; I asked him how he came by them, he said they were his perquisites, he did not want any thing for them; I was in a hurry, I throwed them down in the room; when Mr. Harris came I delivered them to him.


                  ANN 
                  TOURNIER
               



            . Q. Did you receive a canvas wrapper from the prisoner - A. I did. The prisoner asked me if I wanted any thing to make wrappers of; I said I did; he said he had something by him ever since he kept a house of his own; I asked him how much he asked for it, he said ten shillings. I gave it him.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. That table cloth cover I bought last May in the street; it never belonged to Mr. Harris or his partners.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
