









682. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CLARKE
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS-WILLIAM 
                     STOPER
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     COOK
                  



               
            , -
               
                  
                     WILLIAM JAMES 
                     WHITE
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BRENNARD
                  



               
            , were indicted, the first three for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Powell
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of twelve o'clock in the night of the 23d of July

, and stealing a silver watch, value 2l. a great coat, value 10s. a cloth coat, value 10s. a pair of breeches, value 10s. and a waistcoat, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Cathcart
                     



                  ; a shirt, value 1s. two shifts, value 2s. 6d. two aprons, value 1s. 6d. and a gown, value 1s. the property of the said 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Powell
                     



; and the other prisoner for 


               receiving the said goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  CATHCART
               



             sworn. - I live in Lambeth-walk



: On the 24th of July last I lost a silver watch, a great coat, a close-bodied coat, a waistcoat, and a pair of breeches, from the room where I slept.
Q. Whose house do you live in? - A. Mr. Thomas Powell's, I am his servant; I saw them on Saturday night the 23d when I went to bed, about a quarter before twelve o'clock; I got up in the morning about seven.
Q. In what parish is your master's house? - 
               A. St. Mary
            , Lambeth.
Q. Are you sure of it? - A. No, I am not; when I rose in the morning, I missed all my things.
Q. Do you know any thing of the prisoner? - 
               A. James Cook
             slept with me, and he was in bed when I awoke.
Q. Do you know any thing of the other prisoners? - A. Yes, Stoper; I never saw the other twobefore; Stoper and Cook worked in my master's shop.
Q. How far is that from the house? - A. The shop is underneath the floor that I slept in.
Q. Did Stoper lodge there? - A. No, he had slept with me two or three nights before.
Q. When did Cook get up? - A. He got up when I did, and said he had lost his wages out of his pocket; I and Mr. Powell and Cook went down Lambeth-walk; I left them at the public-house, and went to my brother's, and when I came back, Cook had left Mr. Powell; I came back in about a quarter of an hour; Mr. Powell desired me to go with him over the water; he suspected Cook; we went as far as Fleet-market, and saw Stoper, White, and Clark.
Q. What time in the morning was it? - A. About eleven o'clock I take it.
Q. Did you shew yourself to them? - A. No, we kept behind them at some distance, and by following them we found the property; I did not see Cook till I got to a public-house in Golden-lane.
Q. You did not see them go into the public-house in Golden-lane? - A. No, my master saw them go in; I followed him; I was at some distance behind; I followed my master into the Angel and Porter, and found Cook and White there.
Q. You did not find Clark and Stoper there? - A. No; Clark then came in, and while the constable was searching him, Stoper came in.
Q. Had they any thing with them? - A. Not that I saw; the constable found my watch upon Stoper.
Q. Did you see that? - A. Yes; they were then taken to Clerkenwell Bridewell; I saw all the things after; they were found at Mrs. Munday's, in Golden-lane.
Q. At a public-house or private house? - A. It is a chandler's-shop; they were in a cradle.
Q. Did any of the prisoners lodge at that place? - A. No; it seemed to be a lodging-house.
Q. Look at the female prisoner? - A. She was in the room; she asked Stoper for the money that the things were sold for; I heard Stoper say, she was not in the room at the time the things were bought.
Cross-examined by Mr. Peat, Counsel for Stoper Q. This transaction was in Surrey, was it not? - A. Yes.
Court. Q. The place in which the goods were found is in Middlesex? - A. Yes.


                  THOMAS 
                  POWELL
               



             sworn. - I am the master of the last witness; in the morning of the 24th of June, I went up stairs, and saw Cook and Cathcart asleep in bed; my wife missed a gown, and then I waked the apprentice, and he immediately missed his watch; then he awaked the others, and upon looking about he missed the other things; Cook then said, I hope they have not taken my wages; I said, your coat is lying on the stairs, there was no money in it at all; I had paid him his wages the evening before; I told him I was sorry for it, and lent him a shilling; I told him I would give him a glass of gin, and I went up to the public-house; we parted there; I told him, if he heard any thing of it to let me know; it struck me that he must know something about it, and I went in pursuit after him, with Cathcart, the apprentice; I went to his lodgings in Blackfriars-road, but he was not there; then I went to Fleet-market, and when I got upon Snow-hill I saw Stoper going on first, and Clark and White going on behind him about twenty yards distance; then I followed them all three to Golden-lane; they had no bundle with them till then; I saw the bundle pass into two of their hands, Stoper and Clark; they went on, I could not go along with them, because one of them knew me; I went into the public-house, and found the other two, White and Clark; I had seen them go in; I asked them where the property was; they said, they knew nothing at all about it; I told them they must go and look after it; then the constable came in; I gave them in charge, while I went out to look after the others by myself; I met Clark coming along, and he said he had been to carry a bundle for a boy, but he thought no harm; I then took hold of him, carried him to the public-house, and told him he had better tell me where the things were, it would be a deal the best for him; he was going to shew me the house, when I met Stoper coming along with the watch in his pocket; he told me it was a corner house; I took Stoper into the public house, searched him, and found a silver watch and some money upon him; the constable has the money; I don't know how much it is; I asked Stoper where he had sold the things; he said he did not know; I told him I would pardon him if he would shew me; I went into the room, and found the things in the cradle; the woman that bought them ran away; he shewed me the cradle; I believe the woman is innocent.
Cross-examined by Mr. Peat. Q. You made ample promises to Stoper? - A. Yes; I told him I would do all in my power to forgive him, if he would shew me where the things were.


                  JOHN 
                  DOWNES
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: On the 24th of July I was sent for to a public-house in Golden-lane, where I found Powell and Paint-house sitting in a box, with Cook, White, and Garlett, who has escaped; I searched Cook and Garlett, but found nothing; Powell said there were two more who had a bundle between them, and he could find them if they were near at hand; he went out, and brought Clarke in first; then he went out again, and brought in Stoper; Clarke had two shillings and a pocket-book: I searched Stoper, and found the watch and 1l. 14s. 6d. inthree seven shilling pieces, ten shillings, two sixpences, and half a crown; Stoper went with us to shew us where the things were in Ball-yard, Golden-lane.(Edward Tring confirmed the testimony of the last witness.)(The property produced and identified.)
Stoper. I have nothing to say for myself.
Clarke's defence. I know nothing of it; I met with this lad and White as I was going to Shoreditch.
Cook's defence. After I had left the prosecutor's on Sunday morning, I came home to my lodgings; I met with Garland, who asked me if I would go over the water with him; we went up Long-lane, and these overtook us just by Golden-lane, where we went into a public-house, and had some beer.
White's defence. We met Garland and this young man, and went to have a pot of beer, when that man gave charge of us; I am innocent of it.
Brennard's defence. I know nothing of it, or whether they were bought or stole.
Catbcart. Stoper said, she was not in the room when the things were bought.
Stoper called one, Cook one, and Brennard three witnesses, who gave them good characters.
Stoper, GUILTY, aged 16,




               Of stealing goods, value 39s
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Clarke, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
White, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Cook, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Brennard, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
