





449. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     ABRAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th of April
, a silk umbrella, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Calcraft
                  




               
            , esq.




                  MICHAEL 
                  PEACOCK
               



            . I am footman to 
               
                  John 
                  Calcraft
               



            , esq. No. 34, Sackville street


. On the 28th of April, a little after nine in the evening, the prisoner came to our house, he brought two pieces of music on false pretence, he said they were ordered out of Holborn; he sent the boy down stairs; in the mean time he came through the folding doors of the hall and took from a peg an umbrella; I was in the drawing room, and just as he was going out of the door I came down stairs and detected him with the umbrella in his hand; he asked me what I wanted with him, I told him if he waited a minute I would let him know; I expected the butler up stairs in a moment to give him an answer; he asked me what I meaned by speaking to him in that manner, and walked away down the hall, and said because I suppose the umbrella was standing there, and I took it to walk about with it; he then walked backwards and forwards in the hall, and in a hurry; he put down the umbrella; the umbrella took my attention; I stepped towards it. In the mean time he got the door in his hand and got out; I pursued him and cried stop thief. In about the middle of the street he rejoined me in the cry of stop thief; he was stopped by Cunningham; we took him to the watchhouse and gave him in charge of the constable of the night; he refused to give him name, he said his name was Up! This is the umbrella.
Prisoner. Did you observe me in the inner hall - A. I did.
Q. Did you see me take down the umbrella - A. I did; the folding doors generally stand open; he came in as if he knew the way.
- BROWN. On the 28th of April the prisoner came in, he said here is some music for you; I told him our people were not at home, they were gone to the play; he asked me if any of the servants were at home, I said yes; he said it take it down to the butler, it comes to twelve shillings, perhaps he will pay for it; I did; the butler was reading it; we heard a cry of stop thief; the butler ran after him and he was taken to the watchhouse.
- CUNNINGHAM. Q. You stopped the man in the street - A. Yes; I was going by, and seeing the man chasing the prisoner, and cry out stop thief, I laid hold of him; we took him to the watch-house.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. When I was delivered by the justice in Marlborough street to prison, I was informed by the clerk, as well as the governor of Tothill fields prison, that I should be committed for petit larceny, and I should be tried at Westminster sessions; I thought by the time the Westminster sessions came on I should be able to procure counsel. Thank God I have a clear conscience, which is as well as a counsellor. I must beg leave to observe that if I had meaned to take the umbrella, I should not have waited; when the footman came down and accused me of taking the umbrella, I was at least four yards from the door, and the door shut; if there was any thing wrong, it was in my deceitful friend who said he was butler at No. 34, Sackville street. When I was accused of theft, I thought I would leave the house to prevent any blame upon the butler; unfortunately I misunderstood him, or he gave me the wrong address; I declare to Almighty God, that it was my most distant idea to rob Mr. Calcraft. I shall leave my case in your hands and bow with submission.
Peacock. He went next door to a neighbours, to a gentleman of the name of Taylor, but the butler did not believe his story.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
