





129. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     DIXON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of December
, four gowns, value 4l. Is. the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Shipley
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Gray
                     



.
SARAH SHIPLEY sworn. - My husband is a paper-hanger
, and we live at No. 26, Knightsbridge


: On the 4th of December, the prisoner called, are desired I would go to No. 16, Park-lane, to fetc work from a lady; going along, she said she had to call upon an old lady, who was lame, and desired I would go on; I went to No. 16, Park-lane, but found no such name as she sent me for; I went back to the house she was to call at, and enquire if an old lady was lame, and if a young woman going to No. 16, Park-lane, had called there; I was told, no; I went back to my apartments, and missed three gowns; my father was in the room when I went out, and I asked him, if he knew and thing of them, he said, yes, the girl had come back and got two or three gowns, and said I had sent her back for them; three was missed immediately, and another I missed soon after.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LACEY
               



             sworn. - I am father of the last witness; I was in the house when the prisoner came, and my daughter went out with her; the prisoner came back in about a quarter of an hour in a hasty manner, and told me my daughter had sent for three or four gowns; she mentioned the patterns in a very apt and prompt manner, so deliberately, that she deceived me; I gave her a dark cotton gown, and three others on the table in another part of the, room, all of which she took away; I got her apprehended in North-street, Mary-le-bone; she asked forgiveness and mercy but I made no promises; the articles she took from me were carried to a Mrs. Ellis; one was a piece for a gown, and the other a gown without sleeves and unfinished; a piece we call a gown.


                  JANE 
                  ELLIS
               



             sworn. - I bought three gowns of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Manley
               



            ; one was finished, one was unfinished, and the other was a piece; I gave one pound thirteen shillings for them.


                  MARY 
                  MANLEY
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Jane Ellis: I sold two gowns and a piece of cotton to my mistress, which I had from the prisoner, who lodged in the next room to my mother; I had le my place, and she asked me if I would go of ac errand for her; she knew my mistress by lodging in the neighbourhood; she said, the gowns were given to her, and were at a mantua-makers to be altered; that as she was going out of town, she was obliged to fetch them away part made av some unmade; and that she then wanted to pay 4 bill; she told me a gentleman in Portland-placekept her; I took them to Mrs. Ellis, and she thought them.(Weekly produced the gowns, which were identified.)
Prisoner's defence. I went into my own place, where there was nobody but Weekly; he took me aund the neck, and began to shake me very much, and said, he would forgive me if I confessed every hing to him.
Weekly. There is no truth in that; I heard her going down stairs, and took her.
GUILTY, aged 17.




               Of stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
