





476. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  EDWARDS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of May
, a brass candlestick, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Burcher
                  




               
            .
MARY BURCHER sworn. - I live at No. 13, in Monmouth-street, Seven Dials


; I keep a broker's shop
: On Tuesday the 3d of May, the prisoner came in, and asked me to buy a plane; I told him, no, I never bought any thing in the shop; he immediately took up a brass candlestick under his arm, and walked away.
Q. In your presence? - A. Before my face, close to me; there were seven pair standing upon a chest of drawer.
Q. What time of day was it? - A.Five o'clock in the afternoon; he walked deliberately out of the shop; my servant was coming in as he went out; he crossed the street; I ran after him, and stopped him about twenty yards from my own door. A great many neighbours came to my assistance, and not being able to get a constable, we took him to St. Giles's watch-house; he was then taken to Marlborough-street, and committed; he used me extremely ill in the street; he threatened my life several times if I did not let him go.
Q.Did he appear to you to be in liquor? - A. Not in the least.


                  GILES 
                  HEMMINGS
               



             sworn. - I am a constable(produces the candlestick); I took the prisoner from the watch-house to Marlborough-street; it was rather dusk; after we had got a little way from the watch-house, I perceived this plane in his hand; I thought it adviseable to take it from him; while I was thinking how to get it from him, he swore bitterly, struck me violently with the plane, and stunned me; the blows were visible five days after; the plane dropped; I recovered myself, called stop thief! and ran after him (he had run away), a man stopped him; I came up almost immediately, and, with the assistance of the mob, took him to Marlborough-street.
Mrs. Burcher. This is the same candlestick that I lost; it has my private mark upon it.
Prisoner's defence. I belong to Portland Barracks; I was so much in liquor, I don't recollect any thing of it.
Q.(To Hemmings.) Did he appear to be in liquor? - A. By no means.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
