





93. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BURCHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of December
, a gown, value 10 s. three shirts, value 5 s. four caps, value 5 s. a petticoat, value 5 s. four pair of stockings, value 5 s. and two neck shirts, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Phoebe 
                     Parker
                  




               
            .


                  PHOEBE 
                  PARKER
               



             sworn. I lodge at the Blue Anchor, Fenchurch-street, in the city. I lost these things on the 27th of last month from
the Bull and Gate, Holborn


; the prisoner at the bar took me to the Bull and Gate, she told me it was her lodgings, I laid with her that night.
Q. Did you know her before? - A. I did not; I met with her at the Spread Eagle in Grace-church-street; I heard of her again on Monday, (she went down to Windsor.) by the coachman that she sat with in the tap; I have found but a small part of my clothes, I lost nine shifts, nine gowns, thirteen pair of cotton stockings, four white petticoats, one great coat, six neck shirts, and three white handkerchiefs; I lost my things on the 27th, and on the 30th I found upon her person a white pair of stockings, a neck shirt, and a pair of sleeves.
ELIZABETH - sworn. I am servant at the Bull and Gate; on the 26th of December, the prisoner and the young woman came with a guard of a mail coach; he said they wanted a lodging, they slept there that night till eleven o'clock the next morning, they went out together, and asked if the clothes might remain, the prisoner said to 
               
                  Phoebe 
                  Parker
               



             I shall come and fetch them before it is dark, shall I not Phoebe? in the afternoon the prisoner came, she said, for her box, she was in a coach; I told the prisoner that they must come and fetch the things themselves, being dusk; I did not take notice whether 
               
                  Phoebe 
                  Parker
               



             was in the coach, she came out of the coach, and the hackney-coachman brought down the box, and she took the bundle. A little after that 
               
                  Phoebe 
                  Parker
               



             came and said she was come to pay for her lodging; I told her what had happened.


                  JAMES 
                  RIMINGTON
               



             sworn. I went along with these two women to Holborn from the Spread Eagle; the coachman that comes with the Boston coach met the prisoner going down to Windsor; I found her at Gerard's-hall, Basing-lane, I got her to walk with me to the Blue Anchor.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SUDBURY
               



             sworn. I found this property I produce at Gerard's-hall, Basing-lane, it was brought there by the Windsor coach.


                  SAMUEL 
                  RUSSEL
               



             sworn. I am turnkey of the Poultry compter; the prisoner at the bar came to my custody on the 30th of December; when I locked her up going to bed, she left this property, she had them on her person.


                  JOHN 
                  WOOD
               



             sworn. I know no more than finding the prosecutrix's box at the Golden Cross, Charing Cross, the prisoner told me that she left it there.
Q. (to prosecutrix) Now look at these things, and tell me whether they are yours? - A. They are all mine.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutrix has taken a false oath; the first time that I saw her she was very much in liquor, she was put to bed, and some person went to bed to her, she said she was come to town to walk London streets; she had lost her character at Feversham; I am a wife and a mother, though I have a blackguard husband; I took the liberty of putting these things on, as any body might have done the same with my things.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
