





440. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BIRD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 30th of July
, five shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Nathaniel 
                           Searle
                        



                     
                  , privily from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Jane 
                           Searle
                        



.


                  JANE 
                  SEARLE
               



             sworn. I am a married woman, my husband's name is 
               
                  Nathaniel 
                  Searle
               



            . On Wednesdaythe 30th of July I was at Sadler's Wells


, the prisoner sat there on my right hand; about nine o'clock, when the cascade went off, he took the opportunity of cutting my pocket.
Q. Did you perceive any thing. - A. No, just as the curtain dropped I got up to give a daughter of mine a shilling to get some oranges, I put my hand into my right hand pocket, I heard the money drop into the prisoner's hand as I suppose.
Q. You heard money fall somewhere. - A. Yes, I put my hand into my pocket to see if it was safe, and there was no money at all, I had only my cloak in my pocket; he was at that time sitting by me, when I heard the money fall, he never got up from his seat, but he rolled himself into the side slip of the shilling gallery and was gone immediately, directly when he went away I said that man has robbed me, I examined my pocket and found the bottom cut in a slit, it was a new pocket made with double cotton, I had felt my money safe in my pocket about an hour before; I saw no more of him for twenty minutes, then he returned back again, the people took him in custody, I charged him with the robbery, and he returned to me four shillings and five pence halfpenny, he said if I would go down stairs with him he would give me more, and not make a bother there; I refused going down, he asked me if I was satisfied, I told him I was, but the officers being there they took him in custody. One of the shillings I should know again.
- KNOTT sworn. I was the officer at Sadler's Wells that night, I was called from the pit to the one shilling gallery; when I came there he was just in the act of returning the money to the woman, at that time I said I must have the money; I took him in custody and took him into a private room, I found a one pound note and a half guinea in his fob; in the room that we searched him I found a small crooked knife that did not belong to any body.
Cross-examined by Mr. Arabin.
Q. You cannot swear to that. - A. No.
Q. How long had he been out of the room before you found it. - A. About half an hour.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TROTT
               



             sworn. I was at the searching of the prisoner, I produce the pocket which was cut. I asked him for his name, he hesitated for a little time, I asked him why he hesitated, he said his name was John Brown, the next morning I found his name was 
               
                  John 
                  Bird
               



            .
(The money produced, and one of the shillings identified by the prosecutrix.)
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, called one witness, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY
            , aged 40.
Of stealing, but not privily from the person.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
