





7. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     GAVIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of November
, eleven muslin handkerchiefs, value 11s. three towels, value 3s. a shirt, value 2s. a Bank-note, value 10l. two Bank-notes, value 5l. each, two Bank-notes, value 2l. each, and a Bank-note, value 1l.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Lord De Blaquire





            .


                  JOHN 
                  LORD DE
               



             BLAQUIRE sworn. - The prisoner has lived with me six or eight years; for some little time past I have missed money and linen, but I certainly had no suspicion of him at first; I have been pretty correct in my family accounts and money matters, and have been long in the habit, when I have had money from the bankers, of putting it into a box or drawer; very lately I had occasion to suspect I was robbed; I missed, among other things, some trisling articles of linen, particularly within this week or ten days, a parcel of neck-cloths, which could not be taken without something like infatuation on the part of the prisoner, for there were twelve brought home only within the week, and he took eleven; I missed also some Bank notes which I had marked; having this suspicion and missing them, on the Wednesday morning I went to the Magistrates, who sent an officer to apprehend the prisoner: I think it proper to say, that though I did not think myself at liberty to pardon this man, yet till this happened I have found him one of the most honest and most diligent I ever knew in my life; during our troubles in Ireland, and the discussion of the Union, I am sure my property and my life have been in his power, and I believe I owe it to him that I enjoy my life.
 - HAMILTON sworn. - I belong to Marlborough-street office, and apprehended the prisoner; I searched him and found a one pound note and a key of his trunk, which I took to the office, and in it were three notes and the other articles mentioned in the indictment; the prisoner voluntarily selected these and a variety of other valuable articles belonging to his Lordship, saying he had stolen them from his Lordship, and wished they might be returned.
Prisoner's defence. I have nothing to say but that I am extremely sorry I have been guilty of such behaviour to so worthy and so good a master.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
