






23. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     COOMBES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SIMPSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of September
, fourteen fowls, value 25 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Evan 
                  Evans
               




            .
THOMAS COLLINS. I am a day labouring man.
Q. Do you know the two prisoner's - A. Yes. I had known Simpson a long while.
Q. Did they propose that you should do any thing in September last - A. Yes, to go into Hanworth-park


; Mr. Evans rents the park, the game belongs to Mr. How. It was one evening in September, Wicks was with us, and the two prisoners, we met at Wicks's house we proceeded altogether to Hanworth park, we beat about for rabbits, we caught nothing. The two prisoners parted from us, they went towards Mr. Evans's rick yard; we stopped in Mr. Evans's field, about three hundred yards; we had not taken the nets up. In about half an hour they came towards us, they had some fowls, among which was a guinea fowl; I do not know what number, I did not see them, they were dead. One of them said, we have got them; Wicks said, I see you have, and if Evans had seen you he would have shot you.
Q. Are you sure that there was one guinea fowl among them - A. Yes.
Q. What was done with the fowls after this - A. I do not know.
Q. Did they give you any of the fowls - A. No.
Q. What is the prisoners - A. Simpson is a day labouring man; Coombes goes about with fish at times.
Q. Did they accuse you about stealing these fowls - A. Yes, they did, and then I told the truth, the same story as I do now. Coombes and Simpson went away with the fowls together.


                  EVAN 
                  EVANS
               



            . Q. You are a farmer at Hanworth - A Yes.
Q. Do you know the prisoners - A. Yes, by sight.
Q. Did you in the month of September lose any fowls - A. Yes, about the 14th; I lost them from a rick yard in Hanworth-park; there was a particular guinea fowl missing, I never saw them again; suspicion fell on these men. I had them taken up.


                  PETER 
                  HENDERSON
               



            , ESQ. Q. I believe you are the magistrate that examined the prisoner - A. I am. The prisoners were brought before me upon this charge on the 24th of November.
Q. Are those the depositions that were taken before you - A They are. Simpson said he was willing to sign it, and Combes said he would likewise; I cautioned them and did not desire them to do it, and what I have reduced to writing is what they said.
The examination of Thomas Simpson, who saith soon after the last shooting commence he went into Hanworth park with Wicks, Coombes, and Collins, to catch rabbits, but did not take any; that Wicks and Collins said to take up the nets, and that he, Simpson and Coombes went away from them; they went to Mr. Evans's rick-yard; Coombes said I have got a good fowl here before now; they went then into Mr. Evans's rick-yard; Coombes brought out one and went and took the remainder. There was one guinea fowl which flew off the perch, in dog killed, and that he, the examinant, said what will you do with these fowls, they are marked in the body; Coombes said, you bloody fool, do you think I do not know what to do with them.
The examination of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Coombes
               



            . who saith, that he was in Hanworth park about two months ago, one night about twelve o'clock, with Wicks, Simpson, and Collins, to catch rabbits, but could not take any; Wicks and Collins staid to take up the new, that the Coombes and Simpson went into Mr. Evans's rick-yard; they found some fowls tied by the legs that this examinant took the fowls and threw them down on Hanworth common, that Wicks said, if Evans had seen you he would have shot you.
The prisoners said nothing in their defence.
Coombes called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
COOMBES - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
SIMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Grose.
