





470. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ROCHFORT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of June
, a wooden till, value 1s. 6d. and 8s. in monies, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Milton
               




            , widow
.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MILTON
               



             sworn. - I am a widow, I live at No. 35, Litchfield-street, Soho


, I keep a chandler's shop
: On the 4th of June, the prisoner came in about a quarter past eleven at night, I did not see him come in, I was in the back room; the first thing I saw, was the prisoner endeavouring to throw the till away, when he found he could not get out at the door.
Mrs. DAVEY sworn. - On Friday evening, a little after eleven o'clock, I went to Mrs. Milton's for some table-beer; I found a boy at the door, looking in, he asked me what o'clock it was, he appeared to me to be about seventeen or eighteen years of age; I told him it was past eleven; I endeavoured to go in at the shop-door, and he endeavoured to prevent me; I asked him, if he was going in, if not, let me go in; I then opened the door, and saw the prisoner coming from behind the counter, with something in his hand; when he got to the door, I saw it was the till, what it contained I don't know; I then called Mrs. Milton and the watchman, the prisoner was too strong for me, and got away.
Mrs. MILTON sworn. - The till contained in halfpence and silver, about eight or nine shillings; the prisoner has been in the habit of using my shop, and I had been daily stripped.


                  JOSEPH 
                  TATE
               



             sworn. - I was constable of the night, the prisoner was brought to me; there was a picklock found in his pocket.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            , aged 12.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury before Mr. Common Serjeant.
