





559. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     COPE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of June
, seven straw bonnets, value 26s. two knives, value 1s. a pair of snuffers, value 1s. and two pillow-cases, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  Sampson 
                  Pierce
               



            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Brown
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Hogard
               



            .
SAMPSON PIERCE sworn. - I live in St. Paul's church-yard


, I am a haberdasher


, in partnership with Thomas Brown, and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Hogard
               



            ; the prisoner lived as cook
 about five weeks, my sister had a character with her; she had access to the place where the goods now charged were deposited, they were found in her box; she was dismissed on the 8th of June; I saw my property on that day; my partner shewed me a cloth with seven straw bonnets, two knives, snuffers, towel, and two pillow-cases, marked with my initials, all my property.


                  ROBERT 
                  HOGARD
               



             sworn. - I am partner in the house; I was present at opening the box, on the 8th of June, she opened it herself; I found thespecified articles, the towel was at her lodgings; she gave the direction, and I went there; I can swear to the whole.
(Thomas Rence, the constable, produced the articles found in the prisoner's box, and Green, a pawnbroker's servant, produced two pillow-cases, which he took in from the prisoner.)(The property was identified by Mr. Pierce.)
Prisoner's defence. I received the bonnets from a young woman; I bought the pillow-cases a year ago, the knives I had had some years.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave her a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 47.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
