





215. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 5th of March
 a great coat value 2 l. the property of his grace 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Duke
 of Montrose
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  STRODE CURTISS
               



             sworn. I am a servant to the duke of Montrose. On the 5th of March near three o'clock in the afternoon, I was standing at the porter's hall window in Grovesnor-square


. I saw the prisoner go up the area steps, I suspected him, and went to the door and followed the prisoner: I observed that he had something under his arm, I catched him by the coat and asked him what he had got; I took him back, and it appeared he had this great coat with him.
Q. Can you say whether the prisoner had the coat in his possession. - A. I can swear that the prisoner had the coat in his possession when I took him; I brought him back and the coat; the coat belonged to a servant in the house that acted as baker and the young ladies' footman. The prisoner told me that he found it in the passage that leads from the front area to the servant's hall.


                  MARMADUKE 
                  MILLER
               



             sworn. This man came to me at the watchhouse; I took the prisoner into custody. I produce the coat.
Curtiss. The coat is the duke's property; on the buttons is the duke's crest and coronet.
Prisoner's Defence. As I was coming across Grovesnor-square, I saw the coat laying across the corner of the area steps; seeing nobody near it I took it up.
Q. (to Curtiss) You are very sure that he told you that he found it in the passage below, as you understood him. - A. I asked him where he took it from, he said in the passage; he beckoned to me at the same time to the passage leading to the servant's hall. There is but that passage at that part of the house.
GUILTY, aged 39.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
