






 356. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     ALLISON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of August
, two gowns, value 20 s. a petticoat, value 5 s. two caps, value 6 s. two pair of stockings, value 4 s. a pair of shoes, value 2 s. two caps, value 2 s. a silk handkerchief, value 3 s. and a hat, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Collins
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  COLLINS
               



            . Q. You are a single woman
 are you. - A. Yes; I live at No. 1, Cross-lane, Holborn


. I am a lace-maker
.
Q What is the prisoner. - A. She is a married woman
; I took her in out of good nature on the Sunday morning, she was destitute standing at the door; I asked her what was the matter, she told me that the person in the next room had turned her out, she was then standing in the passage by the street door; I told her to come up and have some breakfast, and she was with me till the Tuesday.
Q. Had you known her before. - A. I knew that she lodged in the house with this person. On Tuesday she got up between five and six o'clock in the morning and went out; I was in bed, I saw her go out of the door; she took all my clothes, she left me in bed with nothing but my shift on; I had nothing left to put on, neither shoes nor stockings; I got up and endeavoured to pursue her; she got away, being an early hour, there was no body about to stop her; I sent a person to Mr. Harrison, a pawnbroker, to know if any of the things were there; they said they were not; they were afterwards found there. Last Friday I heard the prisoner was at the election at Covent Garden; I asked her what she had done with my things; she said some she had pawned at Mr. Harrison's, some she had sold, and the others she had wore out. I lost my things on the 20th of August, and I never saw the prisoner from that time till last Friday.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  CORDING
               



            . I live servant with Mr. Harrison, No. 3, High-street, St. Giles's. On the 20th of August, I took a gown and a pair of shoes in pledge; of whom I cannot say.
(The property produced and identified.)
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
