






531. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  WATSON
               




             and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     BURGESS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing onthe 1st of September, fifty pounds weight of lead, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Coltson
                  




               
            .


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



             sworn. I am a patrol of Bow-street, attached to Worship-street. On Monday the 1st of September, about twelve o'clock at noon, I was going down Paul-street, Finsbury-square. I passed the two prisoners, Burgess had his great coat under his right arm, and Watson had this bag over his shoulder. I stopped them both, when I took the great coat from Burgess; this lead and this bag was in his coat, and Watson had lead in his bag when they came to the office to be examined. Mr. Saffell, the beadle of Bishop's gate was there; he said this lead was stolen from Mr. Coltson, he keeps the Crooked-Billet at Clapton. I took this piece with me to Mr. Coltson, it fitted the trough exactly, this part was torn off, and the other piece was remaining, one side of it is torn off and the other side is cut.
Q. Do you know any thing of the prisoners. - A. I know them both, they are in the Tower-hamlet militia, they told me they were going to carry this lead to Deptford, they brought it from Tottenham, that I did not believe. On Burgess I found this knife, there is no doubt but it is the knife that cut the lead, it is all over pitch, and the trough at the bottom was pitched.


                  JAMES 
                  MARS
               



             sworn. I was coming down Paul-street, Mr. Gleed desired me to assist in taking them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTSON
               



             sworn. I keep the Crooked-Billet at Clapton




.
Q. Did you lose any lead at any time. - A. Yes, three weeks ago last Saturday, I think it was the 30th of August, it was cut and pulled out of my trough; it was there on Saturday evening, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I saw it there myself; and when I got up it was gone. The trough was outside of the house for watering horses. I have seen Burgess before when they have been parading. I saw the lead fitted to the trough, it fitted exactly, I am sure it is my property.
Burgess's Defence. We were working at a gentleman's house at Tottenham High Cross, Friday was a holiday for us. On Saturday we went to work, we had got four or five hours to finish it, on Monday morning we went down to finish it, this lead was on the premises, there was a man there that gave us the lead to take down to Deptford, we took it to go down to Deptford with it, we got into Shoreditch, and this gentleman stopped us and took us before a magistrate.
Watson said nothing in his defence. - Neither of the prisoners called any witnesses to character.
BURGESS, - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
WATSON, - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
