






370. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BARTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William Freeman




                     
                  , 
                     
                        James 
                        Freeman
                     



                  , and Rose the wife of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Collishaw
                     



                  , being in the same dwelling-house, about the hour of ten in the forenoon of the 14th of April
, and stealing three pair of breeches, value 1l. 10s. two gowns, value 18s. three handkerchiefs, value 3s. two aprons, value 4s. a pair of shoes, value 5s. two yards and a half of linen cloth, value 5s. a coat, value 12s. and two waistcoats, value 2s. 6d. the property of the said 
                     
                        William 
                        Freeman
                     



.


                  ROSE 
                  COLLISHAW
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Collishaw
               



            ; I lodge in 
               
                  William 
                  Freeman
               



            's house.
Q. Who is 
               
                  James 
                  Freeman
               



            ? - A. A child of three years old. On Easter Monday last Mrs. Freeman went out into Fore-street for half a pint of split pease; Mr. Freeman was out at work; she had not been gone out long before I heard a noise; I did not give it a thought, as it was a very windy day, till I heard it again; I was cleaning myself, without a handkerchief; I threw a petticoat over me, and saw the prisoner run out with his apron full of clothes; it was about half past ten o'clock in the morning; I ran out after him without a handkerchief, and with my petticoat in my hand, and the mob went after him; I did brush him, but I could not hold him; as he went along, running, he threw the things into the kennel.
Q. Where was this? - A. In New-court, Ropemaker's-alley, Cripplegate; the prisoner was brought back; I am sure he was the same man; the things were brought back, I did not see them picked up.
Prisoner. Q. Have you not said that you never saw me till after I was brought back, two hours after the affair happened? - A. It was not an hour.
Q. Are you sure he is the man? - A. I am positive of it.


                  ANN 
                  FREEMAN
               



             sworn. - I went out, and locked the outside door; I tried it, and double-locked it; when I came home again I found the things brought back and lying upon the floor; I had left one drawer with the key in it, and every thing was gone out of that drawer; there was another drawer forced open.
Q. How did he get in, do you know? - A. It had been forced open; it was half unlocked, and the rest forced; I lost a pair of shoes, two waistcoats, three pair of breeches, a coat, two gowns, three handkerchiefs, two aprons, a new pair of shoes, and a piece of cloth for a shirt.
Q. What do you suppose they might be all worth? - A. Four pounds.
Q. They were all in wear, I suppose? - A. Yes; the cloth was new, and the shoes were new; the constable has got the property; when I went out I left my little boy, 
               
                  James 
                  Freeman
               



            , and Mrs. Collishaw in the house.


                  FRANCES 
                  MILLARD
               



             sworn. - I heard the cry of stop thief, very loud; I went to my window, and saw Mrs. Collishaw, who was unknown to me at that time, with the prisoner at the bar, snatching hold of his coat; being undrest, I did not know her, I thought it had been a man and his wife quarrelling; I am sure the prisoner is the man; he got away from her; he had the things in a coarse apron before him, and chucked them all out into the kennel in Ropemaker's-alley; when Mrs. Collishaw turned round, I perceived I knew her face; she called out again, stop thief; the mob pursued him, and brought him back; I helped to pick up the things, and the mob threw them into Mrs. Freeman's parlour; there was a blue coat, a pair of bucksk[Text unreadable in original.]n breeches, and a pair of shoes, that I saw the prisoner throw away, that I carried in myself; I am positive he is the man; he had a pig-tail on, tied with a black ribbon and a brush at the end, and a brown coat on.


                  RICHARD 
                  COLLISHAW
               



             sworn. - I was sent for from work about eleven o'clock; I went to a house in a court where I had information he was gone to, and I got an officer and went up stairs, and in one of the closets I found the prisoner; I was going to search the place, and he said it was of no use, for he had brought nothing there; then we took him to Mr. Freeman's, and there were the things in the parlour; then we took him to the Compter; when he was brought back to Mr. Freeman's, my wife saw him, and said that was the man.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  STEVENS
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: I went with the last witness, and found the prisoner in a closet in a house in Tenter-alley; I searched him and found this key upon him; it is a common key; (produces the property;) I brought them from Mr. Freeman's house; these are the same things.
Millard. This is the coat that I picked up, and these shoes and buckskin breeches.
Mrs. Freeman. These things are all my property, and they were in the room when I went out.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  WATKINS
               



             sworn. - I heard an alarm of stop thief, on Easter Monday, and my house was searched by a neighbour and another person, and they searched but did not mind any body; I went out; I was out I dare say a full hour and a half, and then another man came and wanted to search the house, and I disputed their searching without a proper authority; but I did let them search, and in a closet this man was sitting.
Prisoner's defence. I had been up stairs with a young woman for a quarter of an hour, and then we went and had something to drink together; afterthat I went as far as Lombard-street, and she desired me to call as I came back, which I did, and hearing these people come up stairs, I stepped into the closet; I was never near the house.
GUILTY (Aged 31.)




               Of stealing to the value of 39s. but not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling-
house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
