






284. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     ABNEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     BAILEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of March
, a telescope, value 1l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Parnell
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  PARNELL
               



             sworn. - I am a mathematical instrument-maker
, at St. Botolph, Aldgate


: On the 9th of March I lost a telescope; I had seen it in the shop the same day.
ELIZABETH FOX sworn. - I live at Mr. Parnell's, and saw both the prisoners in the shop; they asked for some sail needles; while the man turned round to get the needles, I saw the prisoner, Bailey, take up the telescope, and put it under his clothes, but it was too high above his clothes, and he put it down again; the man turned round, and locked the door, with the prisoners in the shop; he got assistance, and then they were taken into custody.
Court. Q.Did they speak to each other? - A. Yes, they appeared to belong to each other.
- WILLIAMS sworn. - I was on the cellarstairs, and saw the two prisoners and 
               
                  Henry 
                  Ward
               



             all come in together; when the man turned his back to serve the needles, I saw the telescope move, but I cannot say which of them took it.
HENRY WARD sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. The prisoners asked me to go into the shop with them to buy some needles, and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Bailey
               



             took up the telescope, and put it down again.
Q.Had you made any agreement before you went in? - A. Yes, one was to buy some needles, while the other thieved the telescope.
Q. What are they? - A.They work on the quays; I drive a brick cart; I have been led away by had company.
The prisoners did not say any thing in their defence.
Abney, 

               Guilty
            , aged 25.
Bailey, 

               Guilty
            , aged 21.





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
