






236. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     JENKINS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     STEARS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th of January
, two blankets value 11 s. a pair of sheets value 9 s. two pillow cases, value 1 s. 6 d. a counterpane, value 10 s. two pillows, value 4 s. a bolster, value 4 s. a tablecloth, value 1 s. 6 d. two towels value, 1 s. a silver tablespoon, value 10 s. three silver tea spoons, value 4 s. and a flat iron, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Tod
                        




                     
                  , widow
, in a lodging room
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  TOD
               



            . I am a widow woman, I live in Paul's street, Pimlico


.
Q. You keep the whole house. - A. Yes. The two prisoners came to lodge with me the Friday before Christmas day, they had the back one pair of stairs room at five shillings a week.
Q. They rented it jointly, did they. - A. Yes, and they had all the articles mentioned in the indictment in the room for their use; Miss Stears never went out of the room but once, till they left the lodgings, after staying five weeks. I think it was the 26th of January, when they went way.
Q. Had they paid you any rent while they were there. - A. No, not a farthing.
Q. Did Jenkins use to go out frequently. - A. Yes, half a dozen times of a day. They went away in the morning before I was up, they never gave me any warning.
Q. After they left the lodgings, did you go into the lodgings. - A. No, not till the Thursday following, when the week was up, then I sent for a smith, and had the door opened, then I observed all the things in the indictment gone.
Q. Have you found these things since. - A. No, nor never heard of them.



                  MARY 
                  TOD
               



            . I am the prosecutrix's niece. I was there two or three days before they left the room.
Q. The account that your aunt has given is true. - A. Yes. I was at a house in Tottenham Court road, I saw Jenkins go by, that was a week afterwards, I followed her, she asked me what I followed her for; I told her for stealing the things, she told me if I would go back and not follow her, she would return them in a few days, I followed her as far as Covent Garden church yard, there she sat down for about an hour, and then she got into a coach.
Jenkins's Defence. I can only say that Miss Stears through ill health knew nothing of the transaction between me and Mrs. Tod. I wrote a note to Mrs. Tod, that she should hear from us in a day or two. I believe it is for owing her the money that she has done this; could we take all these things away, as she opened the door for us; there are other lodgers in the house, there is other keys that opens the door, and there is a large yard that any body could easily get in.
Stears's Defence. It is a very unjust thing laid to our charge. I acknowledge that I do owe rent.
JENKINS - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.
STEARS - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
