






606. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     THOMPSON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  WARD
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, onthe 5th of September
, ten china cups, value 4s. and a tea-pot, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Powers
               




            .


                  CATHERINE 
                  POWERS
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Powers
               



            ; we keep the Portland Arms
: On the 5th of September, about twelve at noon, the two prisoners came into our house together; they went into the parlour and called for a pint of ale; I heard a noise in the parlour, I thought it might be the elbow of one of them touching the cupboard-door; I waited, and heard it a second time; I then went into the parlour, and saw the prisoner Ward just turning from the cupboard; I said they had been at the cupboard; they said they had not; I cannot say whether they both spoke; I looked in the cupboard and missed ten cups; my husband then went for a constable, and while he was gone, I saw Ward pull them out of his pocket with the tea-pot; I had put them in a cupboard the evening before, myself; I know them again by the patterns; he put them on the table and begged for mercy.
ISBELLA GARRETT sworn. - I lived with Mr. Powers: I waited on two prisoners with a pint of ale; they did not pay for it; I saw the prisoner Ward give up the china; they were kept till the officer came.(John Halesworth, the officer, produced the property, which was deposed to by Mrs. Powers.) Ward did not say any thing in his defence.
Thompson's defence. It was Bartholomew-fair time, I was rather forward in liquor and I was asleep for about ten or twelve minutes; I was waked by the lady about the robbery; I have not been able to prepare for my trial on account of the trouble of my family; my wife laid-in of twins last Saturday week; the prosectuor has seen my wife and one of the twins.
Thompson, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Ward, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 41.)




               Transported for seven years
            

Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
