





532. 
               
                  SOPHIA 
                  HUBBARD
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of July
, a leather purse value 1 d. a guinea, two half guineas, three seven shilling pieces, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Did
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        George 
                        Lawson
                     



.


                  JAMES 
                  DID
               



            . I live at No. 9, Saffron-place, Saffron-hill


, I lodge with 
               
                  George 
                  Lawson
               



            .
Q. Does he live in the house. - A.He lets the house out in tenements, he lives in one adjoining house. On the 25th of July last, 
               
                  Sophia 
                  Hubbard
               



             came into my apartment with Mrs. Day, she came as a slight acquaintance, her excuse was to ask me how I did, it was on a Sunday; Mrs. Day staid a short time, she said her dinner was ready, and went home; the prisoner staid, I asked the prisoner if she would stop and have a bit of victuals; she did, and we had a pot or two of porter.
Q. Was she a stranger. - A. I am a watchman: I had seen her once or twice before. I had been up two nights and two days, I was very drowsy, I had a little liquor, not much; I laid myself down and fell asleep, leaving the prisoner in the room and nobody else; I slept till the dusk of the evening before I awoke, and then I found the prisoner was gone. I went to the place where I hung my key, I opened my box, I missed my purse and the money altogether; the box was locked, and the key hung in its usual place.
Q. What was in the purse. - A. One guinea, two half guineas, three seven shilling pieces, and nine shillings in silver. From information of Mrs. Day she and I went to a house in Little Saffron-street; the prisoner was up stairs, Mrs. Day fetched her down to me; I charged her with robbing me, she denied it; I got a constable, he took her to the watchhouse; she denied it there some time, till the constable said he must strip her to see-whether she had any money about her; on that she put her hand into her pocket, and counted out one guinea, two half guineas, three seven shilling pieces, and four shillings in silver, she said that was all she got from me; the purse was not found.
Q. There was no mark on the money, I suppose. - A. They were all new money except one seven shilling piece, and that was an old bent one.


                  THOMAS 
                  BAYLIS
               



            . I am a constable. I took charge of the prisoner; she frequently denied having the money. After several times threatening to search her she pulled a pocket book out of her pocket with the money in it, she counted it into my hand; I told her that was not all the money she was charged with; she said there was all that she had, and all that she had seen of it.


                  JOHN 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton Garden office.
Q. Are you the person to whom the constable delivered the money. - A. Yes; I produce the money; one guinea, two half guineas, three seven shillings, and some silver.
Prisoner's Defence. On Sunday morning me and Mrs. Day went to see the prosecutor, he was on the bed asleep, very much intoxicated in liquor; he said, 
               Sophia
             I am very glad to see you; he sent me out for some gin, we had some together; when Mrs. Day went out I wanted to go too; he asked me to stay to dinner with him; after dinner he asked me to lay down, I said I would not; he went to his box, and took out some money and gave it me, how much it was I do not know; I went to bed with him till between five and six o'clock, and then I went home. Between eight and nine o'clock he and Mrs. Day came; Mrs. Day came up to me and brought me down stairs, he was there, he said he had lost his money, and that I had robbed him; I said I had not robbed him, before they searched me at the watchhouse: I put my hand into my pocket and took out the money; I said that was all the money I had got.
Q. to Hancock. When she was brought to the office did she say the money was given her - A. No.
Q. to Baylis. Did she say the money was given to her for any purpose. - A.No.
GUILTY, aged 20.
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Le Blanc.
