





505. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     SIMKO
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of August
, a glove, value 1 d. three shillings and sixpence, twenty-four penny-pieces, and twelve halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Williams
                  




               
            .


                  JANE 
                  WILLIAMS
               



             sworn. - My husband is a labourer
 in the dye-house; one evening I was in the City-road


, with a little table before me, to sell some oysters and fruit; I am a Welch woman; and there was a little drawer at one side of the table; there was a glove in the drawer, with 3 s. 6 d. in silver, and 2 s. 6 d. in penny-pieces and new halfpence; there came two little boys and walked about me for half an hour; I told them to go away, and I would give them some oysters for going away; while they did open the oysters, I went and served another person; they then took my glove out of the drawer and my money.
Q. How did they know you had your money there? - A. They did walk about a long while, and did see me put my money there; when they did go a little way from me I did look after these two boys, and they did look after me, and I happened to see my glove in the prisoner's hand; and I did go after them and they did go into the burying-ground in the City-road; I did not see them after that night; the day after that we did go and look after the glove, me and my husband, and Vyneford Roberts; and we did find Richard Simko, in Rose-alley, by Golden-lane; and this 
               
                  Richard 
                  Simko
               



             did own to the money, before the Constable and Vyneford Roberts.
VYNEFORD ROBERTS sworn. - Mrs. Williams begged me to go to this boy; she did not know where this boy lived; I knew where the prisoner's mother lived; I said to the mother, it is very wrong for you to encourage the boy, and she fell a swearing; O, mother, says he, do not deny it; I had the money, and you bought some victuals; you know I had the money; he said he shared the money with the other boy; I looked upon the mother to be worse, than the boy; she encouraged him to thieve before now; I look upon the woman to be more in fault than the boy.
Court. Q You are right; how old is this boy? - A. He is near fourteen, by what his mother told me; I have known him four years; his mother is in very low life indeed, there cannot be any thing lower.
Q.(To the prosecutrix.) Do you know the boy? - A. Yes, about a twelvemonth ago
Q. What is his mother? - A. She is a poor woman, and sells oysters and things.


                  EDWARD 
                  TRIGG
               



             sworn. - I was sent for to take him into custody, in Rose-alley; Mr. Roberts and Mrs. Williams had got hold of him; I asked the boy if he had got any of the money; he said, no, he had shared it between the other boy and him, and his share of the money he had given to his mother, to buy victuals.
Q. Do you know any thing of the boy? - A. Yes, he has been here four Sessions running; his mother is here.



               GUILTY
            , aged 10.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
