





508. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COX
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of May
, a box-coat, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  Edmund 
                  Henry
               




            , Earl of Limerick
.
ANDREW CHAPLIN sworn. - On the 10th of this month, about twenty minutes after nine o'clock, I was in Dutchess-mews


; I put my horses too into the coach, and drew them up into the Mews, and returned from the coach to fasten my doors; putting the bar up, I saw the prisoner pass the near side of my carriage; I stooped down, and saw him draw the coat off the box.
Q.Whose servant are you? - A. Lord Limerick's.
Q.What is his Christian name? - A.Edmund-Henry; he took the coat over his arm, and ran down the Mews; I pursued him, and attacked him in Dutchess-street; I said, you rascal, where are you going with my coat; a hackney-coach was coming past; he threw the coat at me, and attacked me, and hit me on the breast; on that, I made up to him, and collared him; with that, up came another man, and struck me over the breast, and knocked me from the prisoner; with that, a witness, I have here, caught hold of the prisoner; I called out for help, and he seized him; with that, the other man made off, and we took the prisoner and the coat to a public-house, and left him there till the watch was set. (The coat was produced and identified by Chaplin.)


                  THOMAS 
                  HUGHES
               



             sworn. - On the 10th of this month, I was going through Dutchess-street, about twenty minutes after nine at night; I saw the prisoner crossing the road with the coat under his right arm, and a man after him, calling, stop him; I pursued him immediately; before I came up to the prisoner, he threw the coat at the coachman, and the coachman seized him by the collar; somebody came up, and struck him, and made him leave his hold; I immediately seized him by the arms and body, and held him till the man took up the coat; we conveyed him to a public-house.
Prisoner's defence. I am sorry for it; I have been guilty of it; I have served his Majesty till last Christmas. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
