






334. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     NEWLAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CRISP
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of March
, six gallons of brandy, value 5l.
             the property of 
               
                  George 
                  Bridges
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Reay
               



            .(The case was opened by Mr. Alley.)


                  THOMAS 
                  CHRISTOPHER
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to George Bridges and John Reay; The prisoner Newlan was employed on the 28th of March to cart a puncheon of brandy, and a puncheon of rum, to Mr. Harriott, in Oxford-road: there were 121 gallons of brandy, and 104 gallons of rum; the cask of brandy was filled close up to the bung; I delivered the permit to Newlan.
EDWARD ALDRIDGE sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Swanson, who keeps the Bull public-house, in Dunning's-alley, Bishopsgate-street.
Q. Look at the prisoners - did you see them on the 18th of March? - A. Yes, I saw Newlan come to Dunning's-alley, with a whip in his hand; the cart was in the alley; it was about six o'clock in the evening; Newlan, I am certain, was the man; thecart stopped on the right-hand side of the way; there were two other men with him; one was Thomas Dolphin, and the other Bill Ivatt.
Q. Did you know Billy Bung? - A. Yes, but it was not him; I think it was 
               
                  Bill 
                  Ivatt
               



            .
Q. Did you see 
               
                  William 
                  Crisp
               



            ? - A.No, I rather think it was Bill Ivatt; they were drawing something off from a cask in a cart.
Q. Who was driving that cart? - A.
               
                  Abraham 
                  Newlan
               



            .
Q. How were they drawing it off? - A.With a little brass cock and bullock's bladder; when they had drawn it off, they put it under some dung in the alley, by the side of the cart; they moved the dung, and covered it over again; then they fixed another bladder to the cock.
JOHN AYRES sworn. - I am a tallow blanchard: On the 18th of March I was going down Bishopsgate-street, and within about twenty yards of the horses, in a cart in Dunning's-alley, I smelt a particularly strong smell of brandy; there were two casks in the cart; when I came even with the cart, I saw three men.
Q.Look at the bar? - A. Newlan is the man that drove the cart, the other I cannot speak to; when I was even with the cart, I endeavoured to get a sight of their faces, but on account of the casks I could not; as I moved, they moved the contrary way, till I got round the tail of the cart, and then they all three ran away; when I came up, I observed a brass cock annexed to the brandy puncheon, with a bladder; I examined the bladder, and found it contained brandy; I then took charge of the horses and cart, and stopped for about ten minutes; I sent for two constables, but could not find them; Newlan then came up, and asked me what business I had with the cart; he began to drive the horses and cart away, and used some abusive language; I told him, I would take him in custody as well as the cart; he endeavoured to drive the horses over me to drive away; I told him, he should not go on till I had got a peaceofficer; upon that, Mr. Matthews came up, a publican, and said, I had better let the man go, because the liquor would be seized, and he agreed to go with me; I asked Newlan for the permit, which he reluctantly produced, but it was so badly written we could not read it; Newlan said, he was going to Holborn-bridge with the liquor, and then to Bridge-street; when we came to Snow-hill, we called at the Vintner's porters, and from them we learned that the goods were going to Oxford-street, to one Mr. Harriott, and they did not choose to go with it, as they always racked it off.
Q.Was that in the hearing of the prisoner? -- A. Yes; then I asked the porters where Mr. Harriott lived, and one of them told me the corner of Hanway-yard, in Oxford-street; Mr. Matthews accompanied me as far as the George and Blue Boar, in Holborn.
Q. In passing through Smithfield, did you meet a person of the name of Adams? - A. I did; he is a fellow-servant with the prisoner Newlan; he offered to take care of the cart till he got to Oxford-road, but the prisoner refused; Adams notwithstanding did join, and accompanied the cart; then I went on to Oxford-road, and left Mr. Matthews and Adams in care of the cart, as close to the George and Blue Boar as could be; I found Mr. Harriott's house, but not till after the cart had arrived there; I found the cart in the same state in which I left it; in consequence of what passed between the prisoner and Mr. Harriott, a coach was sent for to convey Mr. Harriott, myself, Mr. Matthews, and another person, into the City, to Messrs. Bridges and Reay's; the prisoner Newlan voluntarily offered to go behind the coach; we left Adams in care of the cart, and drove to Messrs. Bridges and Reay's; when we arrived there, Newlan was not to be found; I did not see him again that evening; I communicated all I had observed to the prosecutors.


                  JAMES 
                  ADAMS
               



             sworn. - On Friday, the 18th of March, I met Newlan with the cart in Smithfield; I am fellow-servant with the prisoner; I went on with the prisoner and the cart to Mr. Harriott's, in Oxford-road; the prisoner left the cart in Oxford-road, and jumped behind the coach; I took the cart back to Messrs. Bridges and Reay; there were some drippings from the cask, to the amount of about a quart, ran out upon Snow-hill; I then took the cart back to Water-lane, and Mr. Austin took possession of it.


                  JOHN 
                  AUSTIN
               



             sworn. - I am a custom-house officer: On the evening of the 18th of March, the quay-surveyors directed me to take charge of this liquor; the last witness was with the cart; it was then between eleven and twelve o'clock at night; the prosecutors house is close by Water-lane, at the water-side; my partner, John Craner, relieved me at six o'clock in the morning; I had it in my possession till that time; I delivered it to Craner in the same state that I received it.
JOHN CRANER sworn. - I am a Customhouse officer: On the morning of the 19th of March, at six o'clock, I took possession of this property from Austin, and did not quit the possession till I delivered it into the King's warehouse.


                  JAMES 
                  MOORE
               



             sworn. - I am cellarman to Messrs. Bridges and Reay: I received a puncheon of rum, and a puncheon of brandy, from the King's warehouse, on the 31st of March; they were seized on the 18th, housed on the 19th, and restored on the 31st. The puncheon of brandy I found deficient six gallons.

Q.Was there a brass cock in it? - A. No, I saw no brass cock.
Q.(To Ayres.) What became of the brass cock? - A.Green took it out on Snow-hill, and stopped up the hole again.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



             sworn. - I apprehended the prisoner, Newlan, on the 19th of March; I am a fellow-servant of his; I apprehended him at the Hampshire Hog, in Rosemary-lane.
Prisoner Newlan's defence. I lost my horse and cart for a considerable time, an hour and a half, or thereabours, and at last I found them in this alley; I had not seen them for an hour and a half, when I came up to Mr. Ayres; and afterwards when I got behind the coach, the coachman cut me twice.
The prisoner, Crisp, was not put upon his defence.
Newlan, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Crisp, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
