





673. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MAYBRICK, alias 
MILLBACK




               
            , was 


               indicted for wilful and corrupt perjury
            .
The indictment was read by Mr. Bolland, and the case was stated by Mr. Watson.
MR. FINCH. Q. I believe you are in the office of the City solicitor - A. I am; I produce the office copy of the record of the conviction of Tollson and Lebeck. I have examined it with the original, it is a true copy. (The copy of the record read)


                  JOHN 
                  LUDLOW
               



            . Q. You are the officer of the court here that administer the oaths - A. Yes.
Q. Look at the prisoner at the bar - in June sessions, at the trial of Tollson and Lebeck, do you remember swearing him in the usual way - A. Yes; it is the same person.
Q. Was he sworn as a witness for the prosecution or for the prisoners - A. He came and spoke on their behalf, I believe; he was sworn, I administered the oath myself.


                  JOB 
                  SIBLY
               



            . Q. Was you present in June sessions, upon the trial of Tollson and Lebeck - A. I was.
Q. Do you remember the defendant Maybrick giving evidence upon that trial - A. I do.
Q. Do you recollect his person - look round and tell the court and jury whether you do or not - A. I recollect his person perfectly well.
Q. Have you got your notes here upon the trial of Tollson and Lebeck - A. I have.
Mr. Alley. What is that you have in your hand,is it a copy of your notes - A. No, sir, they are the original notes.
Mr. Bolland. Read to the court and jury the evidence that the defendant gave upon that trial.
THE EVIDENCE OF THE DEFENDANT.


                  JOHN 
                  MAYBRICK
               



            . - Mr. Arabin. Where do you live - A. I live in Fetter lane.
Q. What are you - A. I am a stationer.
Q. Was you on the 14th of May last in Whitechapel market - A. I was.
Q. You said you lived in Fetter lane, what is the number of your house - A. I live at No. 122, Fetter lane. I do not rent the house.
Q. How long have you lodged there - A. A twelvemonth.
Q. You said in the course of the day you was in Whitechapel market - A. I was.
Q. Do you recollect any cart there with the name of Savage upon it - A. I do recollect it; I observed the name of Savage, but not where the place was; I saw two men.
Q. Do you mean to say you saw the two men at the bar, or one of them - A. I saw one of them, that was Lebeck.
Q. At what time of the day was it - A. It was about two or three o'clock.
Q. Did you see any thing put in the cart - A. Yes, I saw one or two sacks.
Q. Were these sacks empty or full - A. They appeared to be full, or partly full; but I did not observe particularly; they were brought by a man that appeared like a corn chandler, or a farmer.
Q. You saw him put the sacks into this cart - A. I did.
Q. I do not know whether you observed him for any time - A. I did not; I was in a chaise cart, waiting for a friend of mine.
COURT, to Griffiths. Was you present when the prisoner was examined - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know the magistrate's hand writing - A. Yes.
Q. Look at that, and see whether that is Mr. Davis's writing - A. Yes.
Q. Now, Mr. Maybrick, where is your shop - A. I do not keep a shop.
Q. Where are your premises - A. At that house - No. 122.
Q. What sort of stationary do you sell, are you a law stationer, or what - A Common stationary; I am a pocket book maker
 by trade.
Q. How long have you been in that trade - A. It is impossible for me to say; I served my time to it.
Q. I think it very possible for you to say how long you have been in that trade - A. I told you to the extent how far back.
Q. How many years have you been in that trade - A. About nine years.
Q. That is something like an answer, why did not you give me that answer at first - have you lived in Fetter lane all that time - A. No, I have not, I lived in St. Ann's passage.
Q. You was waiting there for a friend - A. I was.
Q. Who did you live with in St. Ann's passage - A. I kept a house there.
Q. Where is St. Ann's passage - A. Noble street, Foster lane, Cheapside.
Q. You are a pocket book maker by trade - A. I am.
Q. How came you to say you was a stationer - A. Because those who are in the trade describe themselves as-stationers, and because stationary is the highest profession in the trade.
Q. Do you deal much in stationary - A. No.
Q. Do you deal much in pocket books - A. Yes.
Q. Who do you deal with in stationary - A. Mr. Holdsworth in Canon street.
Q. How do you know it was the 14th of May - A. It was of a Saturday, that is what I recollect it by; whether it is the 13th or the 14th I will not be certain.
Q. Are you quite sure it was on a Saturday - A Yes.
Q. What time of the day on Saturday - A. It was between two and three o'clock as near as I can say.
Q. I do not expect you to say within a quarter of an hour - what business were you upon, and what part were you in - A. I was with a friend, he went to buy some hay at Whitechapel market in a chaise cart.
Q. What is your friend's name - A. Jones.
Q. Where does he live - A. He lives in Houndsditch.
Q. What number - A. 27; he is a stationer.
Q. He is a stationer too, is he here - A. Not as I know of; I have not seen him here.
Q. You were conversing together at that time - A. I was not conversing with him when I first saw this man; he was in the market purchasing the hay.
Q. You were waiting his return in the market - A. Yes.
Q. What time did you call upon him - A. He came to me.
Q. He came to you in Fetter lane to go to Whitechapel - A. He did not come particularly to me, he was going to Bond street.
Q. What time of the day was it when he called upon you - A. It was between eleven and twelve o'clock when he called upon me.
Q. He called upon you, he was a stationer, he went into Bond street - that is further off from Whitechapel - A. I know it is.
Q. Do not be angry with me - who did he go to - A. He went with me to Mr. Faulder's to take in some work.
Q. What work did he get there - A. He did not get any, he took some.
Q. What, work that he had to bind - A. Yes.
Q. It was twelve o'clock when he called upon you to go with him to Bond street - A. Yes, and he called in Broad street, Bloomsbury.
Q. That is St. Giles's; you walked all round that way - A. No, we did not walk, we rode.
Q. He keeps a horse and cart - A. Yes, he serves largely in the country, he keeps a chaise cart.
Q. He left his goods at Mr. Faulder's - A. part of them, and part in Broad street.
Q. Who did you call upon in Broad street - A. Mr. Wright; he left some paper there.
Q. And books at Mr. Faulder's - A. Yes.
Q. You then went to Whitechapel - is it your custom to ride out with this gentleman - A. No, unless he meets me, or we go in the country.
Q. How near were your chaise cart to this cart - A. It might be two or three yards, or not so much:
Q. Then you must be close to the cart - A. No; I was not close to the cart, I was at the head of the cart, the men were not at the head.
Q. Why, if your cart was two or three yards off,your cart must be near to them. Now this was not in Goswell street - A. No.
Q. You are quite sure you do not mistake Goswell street for Whitechapel market. - A. No.
Q. Had you ever seen this man before - A. I have seen him before at Mr. Jilt's; I knew him by sight and that is the way how I came to be brought here; I was subpoenaed.
Q. I did not ask you that - did you know his name - A. Yes, when it was mentioned to me.
Q. You have heard his name before - A. Yes.
Q. You first of all said you observed the men - A. I did not observe the other man; I know Lebeck; I did not observe much of him, it was not my business to observe him.
Q. Which cart staid longest in the market, your's or their's - A. Their's staid the longest.
Q. You are quite sure that it was their cart - A Yes.
Q. Which way did their cart go - A. I cannot say, I did not see the cart go.
Q. Do you know such a place as Windsor Terrace, City Road - A. Yes, because I have a house there.
Q. Did you ever live there - A. No; I intend living there; the house is not finished; I cannot live there.
Q. How long have you had that house - A. About two months, or not quite so much.
Q. Now if there should be any difference between you and them where they took in those sacks of corn, I suppose they are the most likely to remember than what you are - A. I should suppose so;
Q. What kind of a man was he that delivered them this corn - A. He was dressed like the prisoners, something in the country way.
Q. What had he - A. Some sacks.
Q. How did he carry them - A. He carried them on his shoulder.
Q. Where did he come from - A. I do not know.
Q. What was in these sacks - A. They appeared to be sacks of corn; they seemed to be full of something.
Q. How many were there - A. I observed two, but no more.
Q. Now I will tell you what account the prisoners have given when they were before the magistrate. - The prisoner, 
               
                  James 
                  Tollson
               



            , says, I and my fellow servant brought the corn into the cart at Goswell street - were you in Goswell street - A. I was not in Goswell street; if I had seen it put in the cart in Goswell street, I could not say it was in Whitechapel.
Q. to Griffiths. Were you present when the examination was taken - A. I was.
Q. This is the magistrate's signature - A. Yes, it is.
Q. to Maybrick. When was it you saw them - A. About the 14th of May.
Q. How came you to know this, that your attendance would be necessary here - A. It was told me; I had a subpoena sent me.
Q. Did you hold any conversation with Lebeck about this - A. No.
Q. You never told this story to Mr. Jilts - A. No.
Q. Had you ever any conversation with him about it - A. No; I never had to any body; Lebeck might have told this to him, and that might be the occasion of my being subpoenaed.
Q. You told me you saw the man put them in at Whitechapel - A. Yes; Whitechapel.


                  HENRY 
                  WINNING
               



            . Q. What are you - A. I am horsekeeper to Messrs. 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Severn
               



             and 
               
                  Frederick 
                  King
               



            . On the 14th of May, about eleven o'clock in the morning. I sold the load of dung to Tollson and Lebeck, the persons that were tried here; I was in my master's yard, Church lane, Whitechapel.
Q. What distance is that from the hay market in Whitechapel - A. About a quarter of a mile. I sold the dung in the morning to Tollson and Lebeck; I left the yard about three o'clock, they had not come for the dung then; from information I returned to the yard about four o'clock; the dung was loaded then in the cart under Tollson's and Lebeck's care. The name of Savage was on the cart.
Q. Had you any opportunity of looking into the corn in your master's loft in the morning - did you know the stars of the corn when you left the yard - A. Yes, I saw it in the course of the day; when I returned I discovered the corn which was in a bin in the loft diminished six or seven bushels; I missed that quantity, and a sack of my master's was missing; the sack was in the loft and laid by the corn; I informed Mr. Bishop, our foreman; he sent for Mr. Griffiths, the officer; when Mr. Griffiths came he proceeded to search the cart, there was one sack with corn in it found upon the top of the cart, concealed under the dung; - they shot the cart up and two more sacks fell out containing oats; one of the sacks belonged to my master; the three sacks contained about seven bushel three quarters.
Q. Did Tollson or Lebeck say anything to whom it belonged to - A. They said if they had any corn it belonged to them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GARRED
               



            . Q. On the 14th of June last, was you servant to Mr. Brede - A. Yes; he is a cooper, he lives in Church lane, Whitechapel. To go into Mr. Severn's yard they must come into our yard. On the 14th of May, between three and four o'clock, I saw Tollson and Lebeck in Mr. Severn's yard; I saw Tollson come out of Mr. Severn's stable, with one sack of oats on his shoulder (I saw the sack examined afterwards at the office), he carried it to Lebeck; Lebeck was placing the dung on the cart; at the same time Tollson lifted it up as high as ever he could, and Lebeck pulled it up on the cart and laid it on the copse of the cart till such time as he had made a hole in the dung, and then he put the bag in the dung.
COURT. Did the sack appear to you to be full at the time he raised it up - A. It did.
Q. Where was you when you saw this - A. My young master called me, he was looking through a hole that was in the palings, I looked with him; right opposite that hole is the stable door; we could see them and they could not see us.
Q. Can you say whether or not, they brought any thing in a sack in the yard - A. I am certain they did not; they had nothing but empty sacks and a bit of bay tied up with a hayband.
Q. What time was it when they came in with the cart - A. I suppose it was a little after three in the afternoon.
COURT. If there had been any full sacks in the cart, must you not have seen them - A. Yes.



                  JOHN 
                  BREDE
               



            . Q. You are a cooper, you work for your brother - A. Yes.
Q. Was you present when Tollson and Lebeck were tried - A. I was.
Q. Did you see these two men, Tollson and Lebeck, bring a cart in Mr. Severn's yard - A. I did; for the cart to go into Mr. Severn's yard, it must first come into my brother's yard.
Q. Did you see Tollson and Lebeck do any thing in Mr. Severn's yard - A. I saw them whispering together; I was in our yard looking through a hole in the partition between our yard and Mr. Severn's yard; 
               
                  William 
                  Garred
               



             was with me. I saw Tollson bring or drag three sacks out of the stable; he brought them one by one, he put them into the cart, and the other one, Lebeck, laid them over with dung; the sacks were three parts full.
Q. Did you see Griffiths the officer - A. Yes; when he came into Mr. Severn's yard he searched the cart, he found three sacks, one at the top, and the others more at the bottom; they were all covered with dung. Griffiths was obliged to unload the cart to find them all. I saw no empty sacks after the dung was unloaded.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . Q. Were you called upon on the 14th of May to go any where - A. I was to go to Messrs. Severn's and King's premises; I searched the dung cart; I found three sacks in the cart, all covered with dung; one was at the top of the cart, covered with dung. I found the two others when I shot the dung.
Q. Was there any thing in the cart but the three sacks of corn and the dung - A. No; if there had been any other sacks I must have found them. I apprehended Tollson and Lebeck, they had the care and management of the cart; I took them to Lambeth street office; I was present when they were examined before Mr. Davis.
Q. Do you know the magistrate's hand writing - A. I do; that is the magistrate's hand writing; that is the same paper which was produced upon the trial of Tollson and Lebeck.
Q. Read what the examination says, and tell me whether you was not called upon to prove that, while Maybrick was under examination upon the trial of Tollson and Lebeck - A. I was.
(Read in Court.)
"The prisoner 
               
                  James 
                  Tollson
               



             says, I and my fellow servant brought the oats into the yard, a man put them into the cart in Goswell street. The prisoner Joseph Lebeck says the same. Taken before me, R. DAVIS."


                  ROBERT 
                  BARBER
               



            . Q. I believe you are a solicitor, in partnership with Mr. Brown - A. Yes.
Q. What is Mr. Brown's name - 
               A. John Davis Brown
            . I live in the Charter house; Mr. Brown lives at No. 122, Fetter lane; our business is carried on there, and it has been carried on there since the year 1782, at No. 122, Fetter lane.
Q. Did the prisoner ever lodge there - A. Never; there has been no business carried on there, except the professional business by Barber and Brown. I only know the prisoner by seeing him at the bar.


                  FREDERIC 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . Q. Are you a clerk in the house of Messrs. Barber and Brown - A. I am; they live at No. 122, Fetter lane; I have lived there above five years.
Q. Are there any lodgers in the house - A. There is none.
Q. Did the prisoner live there for the last twelve months - A. No; there has been no stationary business carried on there. I do not believe I ever saw the prisoner before.


                  RAHAM 
                  REB
               



            . Q. What are you - A. I am beadle of Candlewick ward.
Q. Canon street is in that ward - A. Part of it; I have been beadle about nine years.
Q. Have you any body in that street carrying on the stationary business of the name of Holdsworth, or Holdsworth and co. - A None at all.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEWIS
               



            . Q. Are you collector of the rates of Candlewick ward - A. Yes, part of it; I have collected the rates three years.
Q. Do you collect the rates in Canon street - A. I do, part of it.
Q. Has there been any person there of the name of Holdsworth a stationer, or Holdsworth and co. stationers, in Canon street, for this three years - A. There has not.


                  THOMAS 
                  PARKER
               



            . Q. What are you - A. I am the beadle of Walbrook ward; part of Canon street is in that ward.
Q. In that part of Canon street which is in Walbrook ward, is there any person of the name of Holdsworth a stationer there - A There is not; I never heard of such a name; Cadlewick ward and Walbrook ward comprises the whole of Canon street.


                  STEPHEN 
                  WINDMILL. 
               



            Q. You are parish clerk - A. Yes, of St. Swithin and St. Mary Batho; part of Canon street is in our parish; there are thirty nine houses in our parish. in the ward of Walbrook.
Q. Was there any person of the name of Holdsworth for the last six years carrying on the stationary business there - A. Certainly not.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLOUT
               



            . Q. What are you - A. I am a cook, in the eating line, No. 2, Canon street.
Q. Do you know all the houses in Canon street, within the ward of Walbrook - A. Yes, for these fifteen years.
Q. Has there been any person of the name of Holdsworth or, Holdsworth and co. carrying on the business of stationary there - A. No, there has not.
GEORGE BROWNSER. Q. What are you - A. I am a slop seller; I live at No. 27, Houndsdicth.
Q. Have you any lodgers in that house - A. No. I was born in the house, and I have lived there ever since, and my father lived there before me.
Q. All the time that you have lived there, has a person of the name of Jones lived there, a stationer - A. No, there has not.


                  GILES 
                  APSEY
               



            . Q. You are a partner to Mr. Brownser - A. Yes, for seven years.
Q. During the time that you have been a partner there, has a person of the name of Jones lived there - A. No; I have been in the house eighteen years, and during that time there has been no such person.


                  EDWARD 
                  DAVIS
               



            . Q. Are you beadle of the ward of Portsoken - A. Yes.
Q. Is Houndsditch in that ward - A. Three fourths of it is; the other part is in Bishopsgate.
Q. Do you know the whole street of Houndsditch - A. Yes; there is but one No. 27; I have known that house twenty six years.
MR. FAULDER. Q. You live in Bond street - AYes; I am a bookseller.
Q. Does any man of the name of Jones work for you, who is a stationer or bookbinder - A. No such person works for me.
Q. Did a man of the name of Jones call on you on the 14th of May last to bring you work - A. We have regular binders; no such person of the name of Jones works for us: a person of the name of Jones might call at our house.
COURT. Did you ever employ a person of the name of Jones, No. 27, Houndsditch - A. No, I never did.


                  JOHN 
                  BROMBY
               



            . Q. What are you - A. I have been shopman to Mr. Faulder twenty one years.
Q. Do you know a man of the name of Jones living at No. 27, Houndsditch, and has he been employed by your house - A. No.
Q. Did ever any man of the name of Jones call at Mr. Faulder's to being in work at your house - A. He did not; I never had any dealing with a man of the name of Jones for stationary or book binding.


                  PETER 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . Q. Where do you live - A. At No. 45, Broad street, Bloomsbury; I am a bookseller.
Q. Is there any other man of your name in Broad street, Bloomsbury, a bookseller - A. Not in that street, nor in the city of London.
Q. Do you know a man of the name of Jones, a stationer - A. I do not.
Q. Then I need not ask you, hardly, whether any such man brought you any stationary to your house - A. Certainly, he did not.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SWAN
               



            . Q. What are you - A. I am a broker and coal merchant, also an auctioneer; I live in Hosier lane, Smithfield.
Q. Do you know the defendant - A. Yes, I know him by the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Maybrick
               



            . I saw him on the 14th of May going up the steps of Giltspur street compter about twelve o'clock; about ten minutes after twelve I was talking with Mr. Fisher, a sheriff's officer, No. 8, Old Bailey; he came there after he had done with Mr. Fisher; I saw him cross the way and go to the Rose. In about two minutes after that I followed him into the Rose in the Old Bailey. About one o'clock I saw him again in the Old Bailey, near Fleet lane. I saw him again about half an hour after that in the Old Bailey, and I spoke to him; that was about half after one o'clock; I saw him again at the Fortune of War, the corner of Cock lane, a little before three o'clock; I was in company with him from that time till half past four o'clock.
Q. Are you sure that it was Saturday the 14th of May that you saw the defendant. - A. I am confident of it.
Mr. Alley. How long have you been an auctioneer - A. Eight years; and I carry on the business of a broker and dealer in coals at Hosier lane; my wife carries it on; I generally go to see the coals measured out, and I sell a great many more than she sells; I have sold two hundred and ninety five chaldrons of coals since the 1st of January.
Q. You have had a great many sales since January last - A. No, only one; I sold a vessel at Portsmouth, that was before January; I have valued two or three persons in public houses; I have not had a sale since then. Before January I had one sale, the John and Elizabeth, but I gave it to another man.
Q. How long have you known the prisoner before June - A. Perhaps six weeks before.
Q. Were you subpoenaed on the trial of Tollson and Lebeck - A. No, I was not; I did not attend before the grand jury.
Q. You were upon good terms with the defendant - A. I never changed a shilling with him; I was neither upon good terms or bad terms with him.
Q. Then, in short, you were upon good terms - A. Yes.
Q. Had it happened that he arrested a friend of yours of the name of Williams - A. He was no friend of mine; he was a man I knew; that was on Friday the 13th.
Q. Upon your oath have not you sworn that it was the 14th - A. He was arrested in the city of London on the 14th, and on the 13th; I saw him.
Q. Did not you swear that you saw him at the Rose in the Old Bailey; is not that the fact; attend sir; because you know Williams was arrested on that day, that is the reason you know it was the 14th.
COURT. Give a plain answer to a question - is that your reason for your knowing that Maybrick had arrested Williams on the 14th - A. I saw Maybrick on the 14th, and that is my reason for fixing upon that day, because Mr. Williams was arrested.
Mr. Alley. You have told me that you were always upon good terms with the man; I ask you whether you did not say, because he had arrested Mr. Williams on that day, that you would put him in the pillory one day or other - A. So help me God, I never said that in my life.
Q. Then perhaps you have never been in prison - A. I never was in Newgate a prisoner; I never went there to see the prisoner Maybrick.
Q. Were you never in Newgate - A. Certainly, I have, but never a prisoner there; I have not been there for these twelve months, then I only went to see a person.
Q. Upon your oath, have not you been to the prisoner and proposed to him that if he would forego his claim in the action of Williams, you would not appear on this prosecution - A. Never, for Mr. Williams is a stranger to me.
Q. Have you ever been indicted for perjury - A. Yes, and they never met me; it is five years ago.
COURT. Was you indicted here - A. Yes, but it was removed by a certiorari; Mr. Morley was the attorney for the prosecution; it was not-moved by my desire; Mr. Const had a brief of mine. I wish they would try the cause.
Mr. Alley. Have you ever said in Nightingale's presence, that you would put this man in the pillory - A. I never did.
Q. Was it on the 14th or the 13th, that you saw the prisoner at the Rose - A. On the 14th.


                  JOHN 
                  NIGHTINGALE
               



            . Q. You are a sheriff's officer - A I am.
Q. Were you on the 14th of May at the Fortune of War public house - A. I was; I went to arrest Mr. Williams; I believe it was a quarter past four o'clock, I have known the defendant four, five, or six months; he was at the Fortune of War when I arrested Mr. Williams, and Mr. Swan was there a few minutes. I went to the sheriff's office to see the affidavit. Mr. Swan went with me.
Mr. Alley addressed the jury on behalf of the defendant, and Mr. Watson replied.



               GUILTY
            .





               Fined One Shilling
            , and 


               transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
