





581. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GREEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Gibbs
                        



                     
                  , on the 15th of June
, a bank-note, value 2l. and another bank-note, value 1l.
             the property of the said Thomas.
Second Count. Laying them to be the property of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Gibbs
               



            .(The case was opened by Mr. Gurney.)


                  ROBERT 
                  GIBBS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am brother to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gibbs
               



            , we live at the corner of Half Moon-street, Piccadilly


; the prisoner was porter and shopman
. On the 15th of June I put some bank-notes into my desk, behind the shop; among them was a bank-note of one pound, and another of two pounds, that had been marked in my presence by a friend of mine, in consequence of having missed money several times; I placed myself in a small room adjoining, and bored a hole where I could command a view of the desk; my brothers left the house, and I saw the prisoner go to the desk and take four wires from his pocket; he tried the hinge, which was rather loose, he then put some wires into the desk, some shorter and some longer, and some crooked at the end; after attempting it about half an hour or more, he pulled out one bank note, and in about five or ten minutes he came again. took the same course, and pulled out another; I then sent for Carpmeal, the officer, who found the notes upon him.(
               
                  Thomas 
                  Carpmeal
               



             produced the notes.)

Mr. Gibbs. These are the same notes that I had seen marked.
Cross-examined by Mr. Hart. Q. Was this your own money, or the money of the trade? - A. I should suppose the money of the trade.
Q.Who has the trade? - A. My brother Thomas, he keeps the house, and my younger brother sleeps in the house,
Court. Q.Does your brother Thomas pay the rent and taxes? - A. Yes.
Q.Whose furniture was it? - A. My brother Thomas's; he has lived at Brompton those fourteen months on account of his health; he has a nursery there.
Carpmeal. I searched the prisoner, and found these notes in the sob of his breeches; I asked him for his master's notes, and he said he would give them to me, one is a one pound note, and the other a two pound note.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called two witnesses, who gave him a good character. GUILTY,
Of 


               stealing the notes, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
