





159. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of February
, twenty-three straw hats, value 2 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Garland
                  




                     Marmaduke 
                     Hart
                  



               
             and 
               
                  George Richard 
                  Robinson
               



            .
Second Count for like offence, laying them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Compeene
                  



               
            .
Third Count, the property of the 
               
commissioners of the customs



            ; and
Fourth Count, the property of persons unknown.
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.


                  RICHARD 
                  LUMLEY
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Roe. You are a surveyor in the service of the Custom-house. - A. I am; I was on duty on the 4th of February, I saw the prisoner as I was coming up the gateway of his Majesty's Custom-house in Thames-street.
Q. Was there any thing about his person that attracted your notice. - A. He had his hands folded before him, I am not sure whether it was under his apron or over it, I saw the hats on one side, I put my hand over his shoulder and said, friend what have you got here; he said hats; I said to him where have you stole those hats, he denied stealing them, I stopped him, and by putting my hand to him, one of the bundles of hats fell down; I secured him, and took the property from him, there were twenty-three hats; the prisoner had them in his apron.
LUKE - sworn. Examined by Mr. Roe. You are clerk to Messrs. Garlands and Co. - A. Yes.
A. Had you any hats that were imported to you of the quality of these. - A. Yes, seven hundred and sixty dozen.
Q. How many have you lost. - A. Sixty-five dozen and six hats lost; when I went to the warehouse I was showed where a board had been taken away, and in one case where there had been eighty-four dozen, there were no more than two or three dozen.


                  JAMES 
                  COMPEENE
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. You are the warehousekeeper in the Custom-house, where the hats were deposited. - A. Yes.
Q. All the goods that were in that warehouse where those were taken from were under your charge. - A. Certainly.
Q. Did you see the aperture that we have heard of. - A. Yes.

Q. Was that opening sufficient to take out these hats. - A. Quite so.
Did you know the prisoner before. - A. Never saw him before.
Q. He had no right to be seen in your warehouse, or coming from your steps. - A. No.


                  THOMAS 
                  THORN
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Roe. I am a bricklayer, I saw the prisoner coming out of the warehouse, I observed something under his coat, he kept his hands before him as though he had something under his clothes; this was between eleven and twelve o'clock, I saw him after that when Mr. Lumley brought him up the gateway with the hats.
MICHAEL BLACK sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. I saw the prisoner come out of the warehouse with his hands in this manner (witness describing), I saw afterwards the straw hats found upon him.
Prisoner's Defence. I found them hats behind the gateway at Cox's Quay, and brought them along Thames-street; in the mean time the porter saw me with them, he touched me on the shoulder, and said, what have you got there; I said straw hats, I took them from Cox's Quay.
Court. What business had you to take them from the quay. - A. I found them; he cannot prove they are his property. I am a sailor.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
