





412. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     DRAKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of November
, two curtains, value 10s. four silver table-spoons, value 40s. four desert-spoons, value 30s. and a silver marrowspoon, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Garnier
                  




               
            , Esq.




                  WILLIAM 
                  GARNIER
               



            , Esq. sworn. - I live at No. 9, Conway-street, Fitzroy-square


; the prisoner was my cook
; she came the 13th of February, and left my service the 1st of November; before I went out of town, on the 11th of June, I sent my plate-chest to Mr. Stewart's, in Bond-street, and had it home on my return, and found all the plate safe; when the prisoner absconded, and I discovered the cruet-stand gone, it led me to inspect the platechest, which stood under the bed in the room I sleep; I missed a vast number of articles, besides those in the indictment; I gave notice at Marlborough-street of the robbery, but heard nothing of her. On the 2d of March, I met the prisoner in Fleet-street, and took her to Bow-street; in consequence of hand-bills, Mr. Baxter, a pawnbroker, appeared with part of the property, which I identified; she was searched, but nothing found belonging to me.


                  JOHN 
                  SHEPHERD
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Baxter, a pawnbroker, No. 15, Norfolk-street, Middlesex-hospital; the prisoner, on the 15th of October last, pledged two curtains, and three tablespoons, for two pounds, in the name of Price; on the same day, she pledged a table-spoon, a desert, and a marrow spoon, for one guinea. (The articles produced, and identified by the prosecutor.)
GUILTY, aged 39.
Of 


               stealing, to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
