





812. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HILLIER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of October
, twenty yards of lace, value 3l.
             the property of 
               
our Lord the king



            .
Second Count. Charging it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Stott
                  



               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys).


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  STOTT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am quarter-master of the regiment of Life-Guards
; I had the hats and other things in the store-room, under my charge.
 - COFELAND sworn. - I am a corporal of the Life-Guards: In going past the store-room door at the Barracks, I went in, and saw a number of hats belonging to the Life-Guards stripped of their lace; on going into an inner room, I saw the keys belonging to the room that I had seen the hats in, and another key belonging to the troop store-room; I reported it to the corporal of the stable-guard, and likewise to the quartermaster, Stott.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHUTER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a Life-Guard's-man; I lodged in the same room with the prisoner: On the morning that the hats were discovered, he went to give me a bit of paper out of his waistcoat-pocket, and a thread of lace stuck to the paper, and he gave it me with the paper; at night I looked into his jacket-pocket, and found several threads of gold lace, and I reported it to corporal Easterby, and he had him confined upon suspicion.


                  JOHN 
                  NICHOLSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a private in the same regiment; I found, on the Thursday morning, this gold lace under the prisoner's horse's manger, (produces it;) there was no other horse in that stall; it was covered with dirt.


                  JAMES 
                  REEVES
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am chief clerk at Bow-street; I was present when the prisoner was examined; he made a confession, which was taken down in writing; it was perfectly voluntary.
Q. Look at that? - A. That has the Magistrate's signature, my own, and the prisoner's.
The confession read:
"Examinant says, that one night last week he was at the stables belonging to the said regiment, in King-street, Portman-square, about twelve o'clock at night; he was in the room for keeping the regimental stores; he got into the room by the keys being left in the lock; that upon the floor he found divers regimental hats, and stripped the lace off fifteen of them with a knife; and, having so done, took the lace, and hid it under the manager where his horse stands, intending to sell it to some old Jew; he did not break open any drawers to get at the keys, but found the same in the door."
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing at all about it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
