





721. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BAGNELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2nd of August
, four books, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Simmons
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I am a bookseller
, my residence is 67, Paternoster-row


.
Q. What is the prisoner - A I believe he is a copper-plate printer
. On the 2nd of August, or thereabouts, I was at my desk, writing; I saw some person reaching into the shop, and taking some books, he took four books into his right hand, I expected him to put them down again, but he walked off, I came down from my desk, I saw him between a kind of a half run and a walk, I called stop thief, and ran after him; when he got into the Old Change, he threw the books out of his hand into a building, where some carpenters were at work near the corner of the Old Change; he continued to run forward, and I pursued him, a gentleman from some warehouse stopped him, I never lost sight of him until I had hold of him myself; I brought him into my shop, and when I came into my shop, I believe the street keeper was there, I gave him in charge.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's defence. I reside in Paul's chain, I was going home at the time this circumstance happened, there was an alarm of stop thief, I like other people ran; Mr. Simmons came up, when some people stopped me, and supposed I was the thief, no person came forward and said I was the thief, no property was found upon me, now I leave it. I have a wife and five children at home, my wife is very far pregnant; I am very sorry that Mr. Simmons should come here to bring a charge against a man, when no property was found upon me, and nobody saw me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 52.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
