





167. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CHAPMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of February
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        North
                     



                  , a black satin cloak, value 9 s.
             the property of the said 
               
                  
                     William 
                     North
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  NORTH
               



             sworn. - Q. Where do you live? - A. I live at No. 16, Holywell-lane, Shoreditch


; I am a shoemaker, and sell clothes
; the prisoner worked for me; he came to my house last Tuesday week for work; I went up stairs to fetch him work, and left him and my boy in the shop; my wife and another person was in the back room; on my wife getting up the next morning she missed the cloak; it was hanging up with some clothes the day before; I saw it just before the prisoner came in, and the next morning it was not there; I went after him on Wednesday, and found him at the Bull public-house, in Kingsland-road, smoking his pipe; I asked him if he would come down along with me to my house; he said he would.
Q. Did you challenge him with the cloak? - A. I told him that I had missed a cloak, and I had suspicion that he had got it; he said, if you will overlook it, I will make it good to you; I asked him in what manner; he said I will work it out; I told him that was a plain proof that he had taken the cloak; I told the boy to go and fetch an officer immediately.
Q. Did you see your cloak afterward? - A. The same afternoon, at one Mrs. Bark's, a gingerbread and pastrycook's shop, in Shoreditch.
- MESSENGER sworn. - I know the prisoner: I searched him and found nothing; I know him to be a dishonest character; he told me he had nothing about him that would lead to a discovery, for he had sold it; I then asked him if he would go with me and shew me where; he then shewed me Mrs. Bark's house; I asked Mrs. Bark if she had bought a cloak of him; she said she had; she shewed me the cloak; I shewed it to the prosecutor; he knew it to be his.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BARK
               



             sworn. - I live in Shoreditch; I keep a pastrycook and gingerbread shop.
Q. Do you know any thing about this cloak? - A. I saw it first on Tuesday night; my maid was standing at the door, with a child; the prisoner asked my maid, if she had lost a cloak; she said no, have you found one; he said I will sell you one; my maid looked at it, and called me to look at it; she had it on the counter when I came, and the prisoner was standing by her; he said, when I came, he wished to sell it; I said perhaps you may hear of an owner; I told him he might leave it till the morning; he said I might as well give him 5 s. then and 5 s. in the morning, which I did.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  DAVIS
               



             sworn. - Q. Do you live servant with Mrs. Bark? - A. Yes; I was standing at the door, between the hours of seven and eight, on Tuesday evening; the prisoner came up and asked me if I knew any person had lost a cloak; I told him, no; I asked him if he had found one; he said, yes; he asked me if I would look at it; I told him I did not care whether I did or not; he brought it in and laid it on my mistress's counter, and I called my mistress to look at it; I am sure the prisoner is the man.
Q.(To North.) Are you sure it is your cloak? - A. I am sure of it; it is an old fashioned cloak.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
