





598. 
               
                  
                     RAPHAEL 
                     MARTINI
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of August
, apair of stockings, value 5s. 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Griffin
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .
(The prisoner being a foreigner, an interpreter was sworn.)


                  EDWARD 
                  GRIFFIN
               



             sworn. - I keep a shop
, No. 117, Oxford-street


: On the 13th of August, at three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came in, and offered me some artificial flowers to sell; having some suspicion of him, I asked him what his pleasure was, and he put his box down upon the counter beyond me; I told him not to put his trash there, but go about his business; he did not attend to me, I told him repeatedly to go away; I was alone in the shop, and no other person came in while he was there; my back was towards him between the counters, when I saw him pass me, and as he did not go out in the direction I expected, I had a suspecion of him; he had his right hand under his box, which confirmed me, being alone, I could not immediately follow him, but I watched him, I saw him turn down Prince's-street; being satisfied I could soon overtake him, I examined the counter, and immediately missed the stockings mentioned in the indictment, a pair of cotton stockings, they cost me 5s. 10d. the day before; I called my maid-servant up stairs, and went after him, but could not find him; I went after him a second time, and saw him come out of a public-house in Princes-street; by dint of persuasion I got him back to my house, and sent for a constable, who took the stockings from him; Princes-street is three doors from my house; I know the stockings to be mine by the marks.
Cross-examined by the prisoner. Q. Why did you not stop me before I went out of the shop? - A. I did not suspect him till he had got out at the door.
Q. Why did you not call, stop thief! when I was in the street? - A. I thought I had better take him quietly back, and get a constable.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKSON
               



             sworn. - I am an officer; I was sent for to Mr. Griffin's to take charge of the prisoner; I took him into the parlour, and searched him; I found in his pocket this pair of stockings - (producing them.)
Griffin. There is no private mark upon them; I know them by the manufacturer's marks.(The prisoner in his defence said, he was in liquor, and did not know any thing about it.
Q. (To Griffin.) Was the prisoner in liquor? - A. I believe he was a little in liquor, but seemed to know perfectly well what he was about; he struck the officer when he searched him.
GUILTY, aged 52,




               Of stealing the goods, but not privately in the shop
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
