





811. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     STEELE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of September
, one hundred and fourteen yards of printed cotton, value 281. twelve yards of silk, called Persian, value 1l. and a hempen wrapper, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Young
                  




               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Watson.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  TODD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Watson. I am clerk to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Young
               



            , wharfinger, at Bell wharf, Upper Thames-street


: I hired the prisoner on the wharf, from ten o'clock till two, on the 29th of September, as a labourer to assist upon the wharf
; at that time, he wished to be discharged, as he was to attend a funeral in Westminster; 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Field
               



             was a constant porter on the wharf; in consequence of information, I took Field into custody; I missed a trufs from the wharf, containing waistcoat pieces, the outside was a wrapper; I learned, that Steele lived in Great Peter's Street, Westminster, where I went after him; I found him there between ten and eleven at night.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me about the premises after two o'clock that day? - A. No, I did not.
Q. Do you know the direction of that trufs? - 
A. It was directed for R. Patterson, at Alnwick, I received it myself.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - Cross-examined by Mr. Watson. I am servant to Towle and Jackson, warehouseman, in Newgate-street: On the 17th of September, we sent a trufs to Bell-wharf, directed to R. Patterson, Alnwick, it contained one hundred and fourteen yards of printed cotton for waistcoats, and twelve yards of Persian silk, in a brown wrapper.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  ROBINSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Watson. I am drayman to Mr. Calvert; on the 29th of September, I was at work near Dowgatedock; I saw a tall man with a soldier's coat on, but I cannot say that the prisoner was the man; I saw him take something out of a barrow, just by Dowgate-dock; I saw the man wheeling it along.

Q. Was the barrow coming as in a direction from Bell-wharf? - A. Yes.
Jury. Q. What time of the day was it? - A. About four o'clock.


                  RICHARD 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Watson. I work at Mr. Calvert's cooperage; I was at work with Robinson, on Michaelmas-day, loading a caravan, near Dowgate-dock; I saw Field come by with a barrow, and a parcel it.
Q. Do you know where Field worked? - A. Yes, at Bell-wharf; he went just past the caravan, and there a man took it out of the barrow, but I did not see him take it out; I saw a man, with a soldier's coat, take it away upon his shoulder, along Brewer's-alley, into Thames-street, I heard an alarm some time after, in the evening, and that is all I know of it.


                  MARY 
                  CHANDLER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Watson. I live in Brewer's-lane, Thames-street; on the 29th of September, in the afternoon, I was in Thames-street.
Q. Look at the prisoner at the bar, did you, that afternoon, see him? - A. Yes; I saw him in Thames-street, with a bundle upon his shoulder; he was coming from Brewer's-lane towards London-bridge.
Q. Did you know him before? - A. Yes, I have seen him many times plying about the wharf.
Q. Have you any doubt that he is the man? - A. I have none; it was about four o'clock, as near as I can guess.
Court. Q. How do you know it was the prisoner? - A. By the features of his face; he has many times asked me, when he has seen me standing in the street with oysters, if I knew of any body that had got any work.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FIELD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Watson. I work at Mr. Young's, Bell-wharf; I have worked there seven or eight weeks.
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Q. Was he at work there on the 29th of September? - A. Yes, from ten till two; I was overpersuaded by that soldier to take the trufs off the wharf; he said, I think that trufs will just suit us, and will fetch us the value of five or six shillings a piece.
Q. What sort of a trufs was it? - A. In wrap-pering.
Q. Can you read? - A. No.
Q. Then you cannot swear how it was directed? - A. No; he told me I must put it into the wheel-barrow, and wheel it to the corner of Mrs. Froome's, near Dowgate-dock; I wheeled the barrow with the trufs in it, and then the soldier took it away, and I saw no more of it.
Q. Did you see the soldier after that? - A. Not till he was in the Poultry Compter.
Q.What time of the day was it taken away? - A. About four o'clock in the afternoon.
Prisoner. Q.What was it the man touched you upon the shoulder in the public-house for? - A. There was no such thing done.
Prisoner. Q. Were there not three other soldiers in the public-house besides me? - A. No, there were not.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me in the public-house at all? - A. Yes.
Court. Q. Was that before you wheeled the trufs away, or after? - A. Before.
Prisoner's defence. I was taken to work upon Mr. Young's wharf, precisely at ten o'clock, on the 29th of September; I worked upon the wharf till two o'clock, when I requested to be paid off, on account of some business I had to do for the regiment; he paid me off, and another soldier at the same time; upon being paid off, I went to the public-house, with that identical soldier, and had some porter; I waited for my serjeant a considerable time, when a man employed me to carry a basket for him to the Saracen's-head, Snow-hill, and he himself carried a box; he gave me sixpence, and a pint of porter, it was then five o'clock; I then went from there to No. 71, Great Peter's-street, where I live, and went to bed, when I was awaked between ten and eleven o'clock, with a thundering noise at the door, and I was taken to the watch-house.
The prisoner called his serjeant, who had known him upwards of seven years, and gave him a good character.
Prisoner. I have been eighteen years in the regiment.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 44.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
