





239. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MANNAKEE
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 11th of February
, a pelisse, value 50 s
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Brown
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  ESKINS
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  George 
                  Brown
               



            , Brown, silk mercer
, Shoreditch


.
Q. Do you know any thing of the loss of a pelisse. - A. Yes, from Mr. Brown's shop door; it hung partly in and partly out, I had seen it hang there about five minutes before it was taken away. About five o'clock in the afternoon, I was standing at the end of the counter, and having an idea that something was pulled from the door, I went out, I saw it was missing; I saw some men at the corner of an alley, I ran to the alley, I saw the prisoner running up the alley with the pelisse under his arm, which he was endeavouring to put under his coat; I ran directly after him, he looked back and immediately dropped the pelisse; I called out stop thief, he ran to Grey Eagle street, Spital fields; he went in at a back door of that street. I attempted to go after him, I could not, the door was fastened; I went to the other door of the house, I was informed that he went into the house opposite. I went for the officer; he came and searched the house, he could not find him. In half an hour after that he was brought to our house.
Q. Are you quite sure that he was the same man that you saw running away with the pelisse; I am positive of it. It is a cotton velvet pelisse, it is worth fifty shillings.


                  THOMAS 
                  MAHAM
               



            . I am a constable; in consequence of information given me by a neighbour that the prisoner was in a pigeon lost, concealed in this very house that we had searched before, I went and searched the pigeon lost and found him there.
I told him what I took him for; he said a man had given the pelisse to him in the street to carry. I took him to Mr. Brown's, when the last witness saw him he said he was the man.
(The property produced and identified.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
