






312. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BRITTEN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of February
, twenty yards of green baize, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Brown
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I live at No. 10, Clark's-place, Islington


. I am a linen draper
.
Q. Did you lose twenty yards of green baize at any time. - A. Yes, on the 25th of February, I had placed it in my shop between nine and ten in the morning; it was placed within three feet of the door in the shop. I saw it at Bow-street the same evening.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LACK
               



            . I am a smith, I live opposite of Mr. Brown's shop. On the 25th of February, between two and three in the afternoon, I saw Green and Britten, and a little boy was with them.
Q. You are quite sure that they are the two persons. - A. Yes, I know them to be three suspicious characters; I followed them from Clark's-place to Islington church; they returned to Clark's-place again, the little one that got away went into this shop and got this baize; the little boy went up the steps, the biggest stood against the door post, and the little one in a brown jacket clapped this green baize into the big one's arms.
Q. Did he go up the steps strait or creep up. - A. He crept up so as they could not see him in the parlour.
Q. You saw the tall one stand against the doorpost. - A. Yes, his name is Green, Britten was standing close by him; I saw the little one take this piece of green baize and put it into Green's hands.
Q. Could you see from what part he drew away that baize. - A. I thought it was a yard or two from the door post; it was standing upright when Green had got it in his possession; they all three made off together. I pursued them about twenty yards from the shop, and took Green in custody with the baize under his arm. A relation of mine came up at the time and took Britten.
Q. Have you had the green baize in your custody ever since. - A. Yes, it is the same that I saw these boys take out of the shop.


                  EDWARD 
                  LACK
               



            . Q. You are a relation of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Lack
               



            , are you his brother. - A. No, his father is my brother; I saw Samuel Lack take Green with the green baize under his arm. 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Lack
               



             told me to go up Chapel-street after the other prisoners; I took Britten, I saw him in Chapel-street; there was a little boy with Britten in a brown jacket, he ran away when I laid hold of Britten. I told Britten I must take him back to his old partner with the green baize; he said he knew nothing about him.
(The property produced and identified.)
Green's Defence. I was returning from Balls'-pond with a parcel of goods for Messrs. Brown and Moffat in Goswell-street, a little boy came up to me in a brown jacket, and asked me if I would carry a parcel for him, I did, I thought it was too heavy for him. I was walking along with him, this 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Lack
               



             laid hold of me.
Britten's Defence. I am innocent of the affair. I never see this boy before in my life.
GREEN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.
BRITTEN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 13.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
