





208. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TANFIELD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of January
, a sack, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John Thomas 
                     Pocock
                  




               
            .
EDWARD JOHNSON. I am clerk to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Thomas Pocock
               



            . On the 26th of January, in the afternoon we loaded a cart with twelve sacks of coals, at St. Bride's wharf


.
Q. What is Mr. Pocock. - A. A coal carter
.
Q. What is the prisoner. - A. A coal porter
; this cart was loaded and stood on our premises till the next day, the team came in so late. On the next morning early, coming down to the wharf, I was informed that we had been robbed of a sack of coals, I examined the cart, and found a sack was gone, and the coals also. The sack I afterwards saw, it proved to be the property of Mr. Pocock.


                  JOHN 
                  HART
               



            . I am a watchman, I was going my round at twelve o'clock at night, on the 26th of January, I stopped the prisoner with a sack of coals, I called two watchmen to my assistance; they took him to the watchhouse, and I took care of the coals. The prisoner told me they were his own property, and that he had left them at a public house till he took them home, I told him it was not a proper time to take coals home.
- I was constable of the night on the 26th of January; the prisoner was brought to me by the watchman, and a sack with a bushel of coals in it. The sack had bursted at the bottom.
Hurst. That is the sack I took care of; I went and picked the coals up. I went to Mr. Pocock's wharf, I examined the tail of the loaded cart; I found the hind sacks tumbled about, as if one had been removed. When I was taking him to the counter his hands were tied, he said he had a knife in his pocket, which he was feeling for; he said if he could get it, he swore he would cut me, that he should know me and one of the watchman again, and he would prostrate us. His pockets were searched before I untied his hands; I took this knife from him.


                  JOHN 
                  DENLEY
               



            . I am a watchman. I assisted Hart in taking the man to the watchhouse.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was really in want. I had been out of work a long while.



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
