





402. 
               
                  WILLIAN 
                  BERRESFORD
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of March
, two quires of paper, value 1 s. 2 d. and two quires and seven sheets of other paper, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Harris
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a tallow chandler
; I live in Broad-wall, Christ-church-parish, Surry


. The prisoner was an officer of excise
, and surveyed my candles; I had been under his survey about five or six months. On the 15th of March, between ten and eleven o'clock in the evening, I marked two quires of paper, I left them in the work shop on a box; we are in the wholesale way there.
Q. Was that place where you left them where the prisoner and the other excise officers would have access - A. Yes; I saw the paper on the 16th, it was all right then, about eleven o'clock in the evening.
Q. When did you miss it - A. On the 17th my young man got up about five o'clock, he missed it; I missed it on the 17th at seven o'clock in the morning.
Q. At the time when you saw it last, what person was on the premises - A. None but my own men.
Q. Do you know whether the prisoner had been there between eleven o'clock at night and five in the morning - A. Yes, he was there about half past twelve at night, he signed a specimen that night. On the morning of the 17th, about eleven or twelve o'clock, I obtained a search warrant, and with the officers, I went to the prisoner's house in a court in Gray's-inn-lane; we found him at home, and made a search; we found the whole of the two quires of paper; I had marked them. The officer asked him where he got this paper, and I think his answer was, that he got it from my manufactory; I will not be certain of it.
Mr. Gleed. You have not a very great partiality for excise officers, have you - A. If they conduct themselves with propriety we do not dislike them.
Q. During the time you were under this man's survey, had you any dispute with him - A. About three months before he had made a false survey; I had no words with him.
Prisoner. That is very wrong, Mr. Harris; see what is before you there - [pointing to the inscription over the bench.]
COURT. You was displeased with what you call a false survey - A. Yes; he alarmed my family, and I thought he came for what I found him; he had no occasion to come that night, we did not expect him; my wife was very much alarmed indeed.


                  GEORGE 
                  TANNER
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Harris. On the morning of the 17th I let the prisoner in at the gate, I suppose it to be about half past twelve o'clock; on the beginning of the 17th at night I let him in, gave him the key of the workshop, and went to bed.
Q. When he went there he had access to the place where the paper was - A. Yes.
Q. Had you seen any paper in the warehouse before you went to bed that night - A. Yes, I had seen the paper there between ten and eleven o'clock that night. I left no one in the shop when I went to bed.
Q. How early did you rise in the morning - A. About five o'clock in the morning; I went in with an excise officer named Pyrke; there was no person had been except the prisoner at that time; none of the workmen had come to work before I went in, I am certain of that; I went in at five o'clock with that excise officer, and missed the paper.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TROTT
               



            . I am an officer.
Q. Did you on the morning of the 17th of March go with the prosecutor with any search warrant to the prisoner's house - A. I did, about eleven o'clock in the middle of the day; the prisoner's house I think is in Bull-head-court, Gray's-inn-lane; the prisoner was sitting in the house; he acknowledged he was the person. I searched the bottom part of the house, where he was; I did not find any thing there. I told the prisoner my business, I had come to search for some paper that he had stole from Mr. Harris; I went up stairs; seeing the one pair of stairs door open, I said to Mr. Harris we will go in here; I had searched below, and left the prisoner in my brother officer's custody; the prisoner's mother and Mr. Harris went up with me; I found it in a one pair of stairs bed-room, laying on a chair, just as it is now; I took it down stairs and shewed it the prisoner. Mr. Harris told the prisoner it was his paper, there was his hand writing on it, and the day of the month, and he must have stolen it.
Q. Did you see Mr. Harris's hand writing upon it - A. Yes; the prisoner said nothing, he seemed in a melancholy way; after he sat a little bit I asked him who had put the paper in the room above, he said he did himself; I said there is Mr. Harris' hand writing on it; he said it is his paper; he was silent then for some time. I said if you put the paper there you must know who you brought it from; he then said, I suppose I must tell; no said I; you are not bound to tell unless you please; he then said he took the paper from Mr. Harris, and begged Mr. Harris not to be severe with him; the paper is marked J. Harris, March 15th, on six of the sheets, in small characters, on the back, inside the sheets.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner to Harris. You know, sir, you are upon oath - what quantity of paper do you swear to - A. To the quantity found.
Q. You swear to four quires of paper -
COURT. No, to two.
Prisoner. I am by trade a bookbinder; he knows we use various kinds of paper of all quality and sizes, and paper of that quality and size I bought of Mr. Burslam - where did Mr. Harris buy that paper - A. Harris. I bought that paper of Mr. Burslam.
Prisoner. Can you swear to that hand writing - A. Yes; on the 15th of March, about eleven o'clock. 
               
                  George 
                  Tanner
               



             saw me write it.
Q. You have brought a witness to swear to your hand writing - can he swear to it - A. He saw me write it.
Mr. Gurney, to Tanner. Did you see Mr. Harris write his name on that paper - A. Yes; I can swear to his hand writing: I can swear that I saw Mr. Harris write this; his name, and March 15th; I know mymaster's hand writing.
COURT. Can you swear that you saw him write 15th of March on this paper before the search warrant was taken out - A. Yes. I have lived with Mr. Harris three years; all the time this man was under the survey.
Q. During the time this man has surveyed do you remember any quarrel - A. No quarrel between them at all. Mr. Harris wrote in the specimen a wrong survey.
Q. To your knowledge has any complaint been prefered to the board of excise, or to a justice of peace by this man - A. I never heard of any complaint being made by this man.
Q. You never heard of any complaint being made by this man, so as to excite your master's resentment - A. I never heard any thing of the sort.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 1st of day of October I came to the division where Mr. Harris now resides; I commenced surveying him on that day. It was about five months ago, or better, that he attempted to get a brother officer, 
               
                  William 
                  Williams
               



            , discharged, for making a false survey; that was reported to the surveyor, it proved an unfortunate case for the young man, but for the character that Mr. Harris bore with the excise - Mr. Harris has been before that time fined for running the duties of the excise twice, but ever since he has had an antipathy to excise officers, for their preventing him robbing government of the duties. It was about four months ago I was surveying candles at Mr. Harris's; when we were weighing them there was sixty-eight pounds draft in the scales, I called out sixty-eight, he cried out sixty-three pounds; Mr. Harris turned his heel and went away; Mr. Harris paid full duty for that. It is my turn every third week to survey the house of the prosecutor day and night. It was in the month of February, about three weeks ago, I waited near an hour at the door, it rained very hard, it was between two and three o'clock, I was wet through; I rung the bell very hard, then in about ten minutes I got admittance. When we make a survey at the house it is common for us to sign a specimen, a book hanging up in the house; I made a survey then; I wrote upon the specimen, between two and three o'clock in the morning; Mr. Harris came into the factory in a very great passion, he wrote upon the specimen that I had made a false survey, that it was about half past twelve when I went there, which was more than he ought to have done; 
               
                  George 
                  Tanner
               



            , his man, supported the case against me to my surveyor, and it very nearly turned out a serious affair in getting me discharged, but the surveyor knowing the character of him, I was not discharged; I denied the charge to Mr. Harris's face, and to the face of 
               
                  George 
                  Tanner
               



            . From that time I could see that Mr. Harris had some spite against me, he could never look me in my face as a man; whenever I met him he always looked down as though all was not right. Nothing particular transpired from that time till the 16th of March, I had occasion to go to Mr. Harris's again; my brother officer told me to take care how I dealt with the person here present, I made my usual survey on the 17th, about two o'clock in the morning, before day light. The man, 
               
                  George 
                  Tanner
               



             let me in, I made my usual survey, I was five minutes in the premises altogether; after that I went and made my survey at Mr. Benjamin Hall's and Mr. Scrimshaw's, I believe they are in coalition together, one of whom the honourable gentleman standing up is a relation to; I leave it to these people, if they are here, to know whether I had any paper about me at the time; after I left these premises I had no paper with me; I did not go back to Mr. Harris's premises again.
COURT. There is nothing in the size of that paper that you might not carry it without observation.
Prisoner. After six o'clock I went home and cleaned my regimentals, I was going to attend parade in the excise corps. Between twelve and one two officers came in with a search warrant; they asked me if Mr. Berresford lived there; I said yes; they asked if he was at home; I said I was the person in question; they said they had a search warrant; no search warrant was shewn to me, nor did they tell me what they were come for; they made their search in the room below where I was in; there they could find nothing; they went down stairs, searched the cellar, they could find nothing there; and as I am informed they searched the top of the house next, up in the garret, they could find nothing there that they wanted; they went into the apartment on the first floor, which was a ready furnished lodging. They came down stairs afterwards with the paper in their hands; I wanted to go up myself, I was refused, my wife was refused, and my children was refused.
COURT. Do you mean that no one of the family was permitted to go - A. Yes, at first; afterwards my mother went into the room to them, but that was after they had got the paper in their hand; when she went up stairs they were searching a chest of drawers, and the officer wanted to take out two half crowns out of the drawer belonging to one of my children; she refused it, and said they had no right to do any such thing; when they found that they called her a d - d fornicating b - h, and used such language which frightened the poor creature, that she hardly knew what she was doing of. The officer came down with the paper and asked me if I knew any thing about the paper belonging to Mr. Harris; I told them no; there was some threatening language used to me (I never was in a court before); I did not know what I said not any more than what I said the first time, that I did know any thing about it. Then the officer handcuffed me; as I was being handcuffed I turned my head and asked to kiss one of my children before I went; the answer made was if I was not quiet they would knock out my brains. I declare to God in Heaven I do not know by what means it came in my house no more than a child unborn; I really believe that there were some illegal tricks practiced against me; yet I have every reason to believe I shall meet with that justice in this court that every Englishman expects.
Mr. Gurney, to Harris. The prisoner has said that you are a fraudulent trader - I believe you were once fined, what was that transaction - A. I had a young man that was unaccustomed to making candles; it is six years ago; he moved six pound of candles from one box to another; my men told him it was wrong; I was absent, I paid fifty pounds for it; it was totally without my knowledge.
Q. He says that you have taken some dislike to him because upon weighing some candles you called sixty-three,when they ought to be sixty-eight - A. No such a thing; I never weighed them; my man weighs them; I never spoke one word when he was weighing of candles.
Q. Have you any reason to believe the excise entertain any suspicion of you - A. I know they have no reason, and I do know that they do not; I never went to make any complaint to the surveyor, nor caused 
               
                  George 
                  Tanner
               



             to go about the false survey; I wrote on the specimen only, a false survey; there is no occasion of sending any person to the surveyor, he must sign it as well as we. The surveyor must see it.
COURT. Did you know where this man lodged before the occurrence happened - A. I swear not. I sent to the chamberlain to get his address, after the circumstance happened, on the 17th of March, the same morning, and not till then. When we got to his house the officer went in first; I never went in the house before I went in with Trott.
Q. Did any person with your knowledge, direction, or consent, go that house where he lived before the search warrant went there - A. No one.
Q. When you went there did he desire to go up stairs - A. He did not say any thing till after we went up stairs; then I understood by the other officer he wanted to come up stairs.
Q. Did the officer in your presence tell him what he came to search for - A. Yes; he told him he came to search for paper that was lost.
Prisoner. That I deny Mr. Harris.
COURT. Did you search the cellar - A. We did, and the lower room, where he was, I found some candles, which I knew to be my own; we asked him what other part of the house belonged to him; he or his wife said the garret; we were going up and the old woman, his mother, or his wife's mother, said two pair of stairs gentlemen, in a loud voice, she said so twice. The prisoner made no request to go with us as I heard; when we got to the first floor the officer perceived the door to be open, he said we will walk in here; the old woman was on the stairs close behind; as soon as we got into the room I saw the paper laying in the chair; I said it was my paper.
Q. Did you search any chest of drawers - A. It was searched by the officer; the officer asked her whose property it was; she said it was Mr. Berresford's; the officer opened a little box, found two half crowns; the old woman said that is the children's; the officer replied we have nothing to do with that, he put it in the box again; there was no ill language passed whatever; the officer said he had done a bad thing, it was a chance but he would be transported; there was no reproachful language made use of whatever.
Mr. Gurney to Tanner. Do you recollect the time that this survey was made, which your master thought was irregular - A. Yes, about three months ago.
Q. Upon that occasion did your master make any complaint to the office - A. No other than writing a false survey; I do not know but what the surveyor, 
               
                  John 
                  Lewis
               



            , asked him what time he was there.
Q. Of your own knowledge did your master ever attempt to remove this man from his place as an excise officer - 
               A. 
            Not to my knowledge, no otherwise than writing in the specimen.
Q. I ask you upon your oath, from the 5th of March when you saw your master put these marks on the paper, down to the time that you went to the house of the prisoner with the officers, did you know where the prisoner lived - A. Not untill the 17th, about eight or nine o'clock in the morning.
Q. Upon the oath you have taken, did you either of your own accord or by the desire of your master go to that house, or send any person till you went with the officer to execute the search warrant - A. No; nor do I know of any person going there by the consent of my master before the search warrant was executed; I was present when the search warrant was executed; he never expressed a desire to follow us, as I know of. The old woman went up with the officer; she was before me, but not before the officer.
Q. to Trott. Did you acquaint the prisoner with every thing that you came to search for, when you came into the house, that you came to search for paper - A. I did, I am sure of that; and when his mother attemped to get out of the room, if it his mother, I desired my brother officer not to let her go; I learned from the prosecutor where the prisoner lived, a little time before the warrant was obtained; we went instantly we had the warrant.
Q. Had you the opportunity of going to the prisoners house before you went with the warrant - A. No; I had something particular to do, I was glad to go and come back again; I will swear that I never went to the prisoner's house before I went with the warrant; and I did not know it then till the number of the door was pointed out to me.
Q. While you were below with the prisoner did he express any desire to accompany you up stairs, when you made the search warrant - A. He did not, that I swear positively, if he had I should have permitted him; but the mother went; if he had gone I should have left my brother officer below with the rest of the family. The mother denied that being his room before the prisoner.
Q. Did you search the chest of drawers - A. Yes, and she pretended she had not got the keys; I said I should break the drawers open if I had not the key. I saw two half crowns, I said whose money is this; she said it belonged to one of the son's children; I said how came that money to be here when you told me the room is let out to another person; she had said that in the presence of the prisoner; I believe, I told her she was an old liar for telling me it was let out to another person; she then confessed to be that they were his things in the room; I wrapped the money up and put it in the same place; I went to lock the drawer, she said never mind locking it.


                  THOMAS 
                  EKELSOE
               



            . Q. You were left in custody of this man while they went up to search - A. Yes.

Q. 
            Before you went up stairs was there any desire expressed by this man to go up stairs - A. No; if he had asked me, he would have been permitted. When Trott went in, he told him he was come to search for Mr. Harris's property; the wife said what property; Trott told him he was come to search for paper.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
