





117. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     CRAWLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of December
, a yard of woollen cloth, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Pearce
                  



               
            , 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Pearce
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     Bryce 
                     Pearce
                  



               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Const.)
NICHOLAS PEARCE sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am in partnership with John and 
               
                  Bryce 
                  Pearce
               



            , my brothers, who are army clothiers


; the prisoner was employed by us as a cutter
; we had lost very large quantities of cloth at different times; suspicion fell on the prisoner at the bar in particular: On Tuesday, the 8th of December, I went to Red-Lion-Square, about seven o'clock in the evening, and, that no suspicion should attach itself to any one in particular, I desired that the whole body of cutters would submit to be searched; the prisoner at first hesitated at coming forward, and I said, if you are honest, you can have no objection to be searched; upon opening his waistcoat, a piece of red cloth was so extremely ingeniously wrapped round him, under his waistcoat, that it was impossible for any human being to have discovered it if he had not been stripped; he said, one of our people had lost a piece for sleeves, and they were very poor, and he mean to give it to them; I put a seal upon the cloth, and delivered it to Mr. Roberts, my clerk.(Mr. Roberts produced the cloth, which was identified by Mr. Pearce.)
Mr. Alley. 
               Q. 
            (To Mr. Pearce.) Is it not the custom of the cutter to have a certain quantity of garments to cut out from a certain quantity of cloth? - A. They are to account to us for every inch of cloth; it would be much too dangerous a licence if it were otherwise.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
