






297. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LOWRIE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LEWIS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of December
, one pair of sheets, value 20 s. seven table-cloths, value 30 s. three napkins, value 3 s. four books, value 5 s. a child's satin mantle, value 7 s. four blankets, value 15 s. four yards of thread lace, value 3 s. and a lace handkerchief, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Chloe 
                           Gambire
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Morrison
                     



                  .
            



                  ANN 
                  JONES
               



             sworn. - I live in Exeter-street, Sloane-street, Hans-place, Chelsea


; I was employed by Mrs. Gambire to let her house; I let it to Mrs. Morrison, at ten guineas a month, and for six months certain; I let it on the 5th of December.
Q. When did you see Mrs. Morrison? - A. On the 3d; I made the bargain with a man, on the account of Mrs. Morrison, and on the 4th a Mr. Francis came with Mrs. Morrison to take the lodgings; she said she liked the house very well; they were to come on the 5th; on the 5th of December, they came and took possession of the house; it was late in the evening when they came in, and about eleven o'clock in the evening 
               
                  John 
                  Lowrie
               



             came into the house.
Q. Did he come there as a servant? - A. They did not say what he came for; he came to live there; they told me I might go out of the house that night; I did not chuse; I stopped in the house all that night; I got up on the 6th of December; I left the house for that day; I left them in possession.
Q. When did you see 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lewis
               



            ? - A. Not till the 22d of January.
Q. You do not know whether he resided in the house at all? - A. No.
Q. Were these things mentioned in the indictment let with the house? - A. They were left in the house, but not for her use; they were in trunks in the front garret, locked up safe, but not let to Mrs. Morrison; they are the property of Mrs. Gambire.
Q. When were these articles missing? - A. On Sunday, the 22d of January, I had a suspicion; they promised me rent and paid me nothing; on Sunday evening I went up stairs, and found the bed-rooms were both locked; I came down and went into the kitchen; I saw a little boy and girl there; this was about seven in the evening; they came home at half-past ten o'clock, and went away directly, when they heard I was in the house; I staid in the house all night; I went up stairs, and the bed-rooms were open; I missed a pier-glass; I went into the garrets; I tried to open the trunks; the keys would not unlock them; when I had them in my possession they would unlock them; the night came and I sent for a smith; I found every thing gone that was of any consequence, our of the two trunks and a box; he was forced to break all the locks of them open.

Q. Were the locks in a proper state before these people came into the house? - A. Yes, they were, and all the things were safe.
Q. Did you keep in possession of the house after that time? - A. No.
Q. Did you cause any body to be taken up? - A. Yes, Mrs. Morrison, on Monday night, and took her to Bow-street; on Tuesday she was committed to Tothill-fields; Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Ford
               



             discharged her; I took up Lowrie on Wednesday; he was committed to Coldbath-fields.
Q. Where did you find him? - A. Opposite the debtor's door of Newgate; I saw him taken up; I had the Officer with me.
Q. Did you tell him what you took him up for? - A. Yes; he said nothing.
Q. When did you take up Lewis? - A. On the Wednesday.
Q. You say that you never saw Lewis before the 22d of January? - A. No.
Q. Where did you find Lewis? - A. On the the debtors' side of Newgate.
Q. How came you to charge Lewis? - A. There were duplicates found upon him, and he was in the house.
Q. Did Lewis say that he lived there, or only came there occasionally? - A. I cannot say; he slept there that night.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You were present when Lewis was searched? - A. Yes.
Q. Mrs. Morrison was taken up on Monday, the 23d of January, and on Wednesday you took Lowrie and Lewis; they were examined before Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Ford
               



            ; Mrs. Morrison agreed to pay for all she had taken; that promise was not fulfilled? - A. No.
Q. And then the two lads were committed and Mrs. Morrison discharged? - A. Yes.
Q. Between the 4th or 5th of December to the 22d, Mrs. Morrison was completely mistress of the house? - A. She was.
Q. What had passed between you and her, respecting these trunks, was not in the presence of either of these lads? - A. It was not.
Court. Q. Did Mrs. Morrison agree to pay you for the things taken out of the trunks, as well as the furniture taken out of the house? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you suppose that she had a controuling power over the things in the trunk? - A. No; I did not let her the use of these things.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILKINSON
               



             sworn. - I am a plumber and glazier: On the 23d of January, as I was going to my work, I was desired to call upon Mrs. Jones; I went to the house where Mrs. Morrison lived: I saw Mrs. Jones was very much alarmed; the prisoner Lowrie came in; he went down into the kitchen and spoke to Mrs. Morrison, and a short time after that he went into the privy; I suspected that he had thrown the duplicates of the property there; and at ten o'clock that morning I lowered a candle down into the privy; I saw some duplicates, which I have in my pocket, and three keys and a shawl; I delivered them to the Officer; he gave them to me to produce; soon after he had been in the privy, he said he was a servant to a gentleman in the country; when I had told him I thought he was concerned in the robbery, he wanted to go out of the house.
Q. Did you prevent him? - A. I did; he opened the door and I shut it, and put my back against the door.
Mr. Gurney. Q. You found the duplicates? - A. Yes; and the key of the street door, the key of the from room up one pair of stairs, and the key of the garret where the boxes were.
Q. Did you find the key that would open those boxes where the things were kept? - A. No.
Q. You had no candle down in the privy before he was there? - A. No.
Q. It was open for the use of any person in the house? - A. Yes.
Q. You were about leaving the house? - A. Yes.
Q. You told my Lord that when he wanted to quit the house, you prevented him? - A. Yes; I went back the same day.
Q. Did you find Lowrie when you came back? - A. No, he was gone.


                  THOMAS 
                  STOREY
               



             sworn. - I am a grocer and cheesemonger in Hans-place: On Monday, the 23d of January, I was sent for to No. 56, Hans-place; when I came there, Mrs. Jones said she was robbed; she wished me to go up stairs with her; the two prisoners were not there when I went; Lowrie came in about eleven o'clock; Wilkinson had been there previous to Lowrie coming in, and the smith's man; Mrs. Jones went up stairs and missed a number of things out of the trunks in the garret; we first examined the hinges, and then we found the locks of the trunks had been violently stained; they were nearly empty; we came down stairs, and at eleven o'clock Lowrie came in; I told him in the kitchen that he was suspected of being concerned in robbing the house; he wished to go out of the door, and said he would not be detained by me, or Mr. Wilkinson, or any body else.
Q. Before you let him go out of the house, had he been backwards? - A. Yes; soon after I had told him I thought he was a confederate, he went backward; he slipped out of the house unknown to me; I staid in the house after Mr. Wilkinson went.
Q. For what purpose did you stay after Wilkinson was gone? - A. On purpose to keep him in; he slipped out unobserved by me; he said he was a servant of Mrs. Morrison's; he was innocent of all that could be brought against him; after the privy was searched, we took up the seat, and tookup the shawl and these duplicates; there are seventeen of them now; there was a key of the street door, the key of the front room up one pair of stairs, and the key of the garret.
- MULKESTER sworn. - I am a servant of Messrs. Rochford, in Jermyn-street; they are pawnbrokers; here are eleven duplicates of our shop; one is a table-cloth; I do not know whether I took it in or one of the lads; a pair of sheets and four napkins; two table-cloths and two books; I took in these at different times, of the prisoner Lowrie; he pawned them in the name of Lee; a pair of sheets and two books; I lent upon the pair of sheets 18 s. they were pawned the 30th of December, 1803; two table-cloths I lent 13 s. on; they were pledged together; I lent 18 d. on the books; I am sure he is the man that pledged these articles.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CLIFTON
               



             sworn. - I am shopman to Mr. Cameron, in the Strand: On the 9th of January I took in a sheet for 10 s. of Lowrie, in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Cole
               



            ; on the 13th of January, four handkerchiefs, three towels, and a remnant of silk, for 7 s. of Lowrie; on the 18th of January, four napkins and a child's satin mantle; I took it in of Lowrie, in the name of Cole.


                  JAMES 
                  ROBINSON
               



             sworn. - I am a servant to Mr. Dobree, pawnbroker, Charing-cross: I produce four yards of lace, pawned by Lewis, in the name of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Smith
               



            ; he said he was the son of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Smith
               



            ; I am sure he is the lad; I lent him 4 s. on it.


                  RICHARD 
                  WHEATLEY
               



             sworn. - I produce a duplicate for a blanket: I am a servant to a pawnbroker in Cranbourn-street: I took the blanket of Lewis; he pledged it in the name of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Smith
               



            , for his mother, 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Smith
               



            .
(The articles identified by Mrs. Jones to be the property of Mrs. Gambire.)
Lowrie's defence. Whatever I pledged was given me by Mrs. Morrison, and for what I pledged I gave her the money and the duplicates; I always understood them to be her property.
Lewis's defence. I pledged these things for Mrs. Morrison; Lowrie staid in the house after I went out.
Lowrie, GUILTY, aged 20,




               Of larceny only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Lewis, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
