





726. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     PROSSER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of July
, a shirt, value 4.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bradstreet
                  




               
            .
JOHN BRADSTREET sworn. - I know nothing of the loss.
Mrs. BRADSTREET sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Bradstreet
               



            , a gentleman's servant
, No. 38, Gray's-inn-lane


; the prisoner lodged in the house with me; I had the two pair of stairs back-room, he prisoner lodged in the back-garret: On the 26th of July, I went out at a quarter past one, and returned at half-past four; I found I had been robbed; I missed out of the drawer, a shirt, a shirt, a gown, a dimity petticoat, and a child's nightgown; the door was wrenched open and the prisoner gone; the shirt was pawned at Mr. Armstrong's that very day, for three shillings.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMAS
               



             sworn. - I am the landlord of the house; on the 6th of July, I saw Mrs. Presser come down stairs and go out of doors, with her apron full of something, I did not see what, it was near three o'clock, it was near four when Mrs. Bradstreet came home; she told me somebody had broke open her room; I told her, I was certain no person was gone out, except Mrs. Prosser; I had not been out of my room; I went up stairs with her, and saw that the staple was forced out; I then went into Mrs. Prosser's room, and found the staple upon her bed; I am certain it was the same staple.
Q.What is the prisoner? - A.Her husband is a horse-keeper.
(Robert Armstrong, a pawn-broker, in Baldwin's-gardens, produced a shirt, which he received in pledge from the prisoner, on the 26th of July, in the afternoon, between three and four o'clock)
Mrs. Bradstreet. This is my husband's shirt, it has the lower-button off, and it is marked in thecollar, by my husband's cleaning his master's leather breeches.
Prisoner's defence. It is one of my husband's shirts. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
