





613. 
               
                  
                     BARNEY 
                     KEENAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of September
, one hundred pounds weight of lead, value 20s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           White
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



             sworn. - I keep a house in Whitecross-street


: On the 13th of this month, about half past three, I was alarmed by a watchman's rattle; I threw up the window, and learned that there were people at the top of the house; I went down and found the watchman and constable of the night at the door, with the lead, which belonged to my trap-door, at the back part of the top of my house; it was almost new lead, it had not been on five years; I went up about two or three hours after and compared it; part of it was cut with a knife, the nail-holes corresponded exactly; the prisoner was brought out from the next house but one, in about five minutes after the alarm was given; I did not see any thing taken from him.

BENJAMIN CASE sworn. - I am a watchman: on the 13th of this month, a little before four, I was sitting in my box, and heard something fall in Mr. White's house; I listened again, and and something else fall; I immediately crossed to the opposite side of the way, and saw a piece of lead come down from the top of Mr. White's house; I looked up and saw a man there; I asked him what he did there, he made no answer, and I sprung my rattle; after we had secured the lead we found the prisoner lying upon his back in a yard next door out one to Mr. White's; it was so dark I could not see the person of the man who was at the top of the house; we thought the man was dead at first; we took him to the watch-house, but found nothing about him.


                  MICHAEL 
                  MINDER
               



             sworn. - On Saturday morning, a little before four, (I was the officer of the night,) I heard the rattles go, and I went over to the watchman; the neighbours got up, and I went into the next house but one, and found the prisoner lying upon his back; I thought he was dead; he could not speak; his head was cut in two places; he had fell from the back part of the house, I heard him fall; there were some slanting tiles that came down from Mr. White's house to a chimney-pot, from which he fell; the chimney-pot and the tiles both fell with him; he was taken to the watch-house.
Case. I saw the lead compared with the trap-door, and every thing answered.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence. 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 30.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
