





201. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HUGHES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of January
, a barometer, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ponsioni
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Colombo
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Abondio 
                     Ponsioni
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  COLOMBO
               



             sworn. - Q. What countryman are you? - A. A Swiss.
Q. What are your partners' names? - A. John Ponsioni and Abondio Ponsioni, weather-glass maker


s; they are father and son, No. 180, High Holborn


: On the 15th of this month, between five and six in the evening, I was in the parlour; a boy
 opened the door, and came in, and gave a barometer to another boy, which was the prisoner at the bar, and then he took an optic, and gave it to the boy, who ran away, and dropped it at the door; there were several of them; and then he ran away; he was pursued, and was not taken; my partner had hold of him; they came round, and beat my partner, and he was obliged to let him go;then he cried out stop thief, and two officers belonging to Marlborough-street seeing the boy run with the barometer in his hand, they stopped him, and brought him back.
Q. How many boys were there round your shop? - A. To my knowledge there were five; There was one as large as me.


                  HENRY 
                  LOVETT
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Marlborough-street: On Thursday the 15th, in returning from this Court, in company with Jackson, going up Holborn, I saw two thieves stand just on this side of Newton-street; I said to Jackson, if you will stop a minute, you will see some others come to them; I had hardly said it a minute, when I saw the prisoner at the bar come to them with something under his coat; I laid hold of him, took him to a public-house, and searched him; as we were going along, there were two of them on the other side of the way; one of them crossed part of the way over towards us; I then told Jackson to keep back a little, for there were some more coming after us; he did so; I searched the prisoner, and found upon him two plated decanter stands.
Court. Q. What name do you give to those who stand about in that way? - A. Stallers off.
(
               
                  William 
                  Jackson
               



            , the officer, confirmed the evidence of Lovett, and produced the barometer, which was deposed to by the prosecutor).
Prisoner's defence. A man gave me threepence to carry them as far as Gray's-inn-lane.



               GUILTY
            , aged 15. - 


               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
