





494. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CURETON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of July
, a metal bell, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Miles
                  




               
            , esq
.


                  RICHARD 
                  STONE
               



             sworn. I am a coachman toMr. Miles, he lives at Snaresbrook in the parish of Wanstead


. On the 4th of July, about twelve o'clock at noon, I had been to Fairlop fair with the carriage, I came home between ten and eleven o'clock at night, the bell was gone.
SAMUEL EVERTON sworn. Q. You are a patrol, you observed the man coming down the back lane at Hackney. - A. Yes, at half after four o'clock in the morning, there were eight bells found upon him, and this was one of them.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LANGLEY
               



             sworn. I am a smith at Wood-ford, I know that this spring belonged to the bell that I hung for Mr. Miles; I took it down the 9th of July, the bell was gone.
Q. Does the spring fit the bell. - A. Exactly.
Q. Are you able to say that is the same bell that you put on that spring. - A. I have no reason to doubt it.
Prisoner's Defence. I came by the bells all in one parcel.
Court. Then you must be the receiver.
Prisoner. I gave ten pence a pound for them, which is the price than any body would give in London.
Q.(to Stone) Do you know any thing of the prisoner. - A. The prisoner had worked at hay-making for my master a week before with me in the fields.
Prisoner. Will you swear that I was hay-making in your fields. - A. Yes.
Prisoner. The lord have mercy on your soul, I never was hay-making in my life.



               GUILTY
            , aged 52.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
