





332. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of April
, a pair of sheets, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Steel
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  STEEL
               



             sworn. - I am a victualler
, in Oxford-street


: On the 24th of April, the prisoner came to me, and asked me if he could sleep there that night; I told him he could; he went to bed about ten o'clock; the next morning he came down about ten o'clock; he paid for his bed overnight; I went up stairs and looked at the bed, and there were no sheets; I pursued him, and, in less than ten minutes, I took him in Henrietta-street, Cavendish-square; I brought him back to the house, and sent for an officer; he sat down in a box by himself, and, when the officer came, the sheets were at his feet; when I brought him back, he denied having them, but wanted to go into the back-parlour, for he wanted to speak to me; there were no sheets in the box when he went in.


                  ANN 
                  TODD
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Steel: A little before ten o'clock, I went up stairs, and put a bolster upon the bed; I then shewed him the room he was to sleep in; I shut the door and left him; the sheets were on then; the next morning they were gone; it was a small room that he had, hardly room to go in without moving the bedstead.


                  RICHARD 
                  LOVATT
               



             sworn. - I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner and the sheets; I found them lying between his feet, loose. (Produces them.)(The sheets were identified by Todd.)
Prisoner's defence. I am as innocent of it as the child unborn. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 54.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
