






230. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WARD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MOORE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault, on the King's highway, on the 15th of February
, upon 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Staggels
                     




                  , putting him in fear, and taking from his person a purse, value 1d. a seven-shilling-piece, a piece of foreign silver coin, value 2s. 3d. and a sixpence
            , the property of the said Robert.


                  ROBERT 
                  STAGGELS
               



             sworn. - I am a postchaise driver
, and a married man
: On the 15th of February, I was sober, and going along Newgate-street


, about a quarter before eleven at night, with a bundle under my arm, the two prisoners took hold of me, and wanted me to go with them; I am sure they are the women; I found 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ward
               



             endeavouring to take my purse out of my right-hand breeches-pocket, and I said, don't go to do me in this kind of way; then Moore kept hold of me, and Ward went into Horseshoe-passage; I felt the purse go out of my pocket; I went into the passage and halloaed after her, upon which a gentleman came out with a candle, and then the purse was dropped; it contained a seven-shilling-piece, a French half-crown, and a sixpence, all of which I had seen in the Borough not long before.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are sure you felt the purse go from you? - A. Yes, I had no power to help myself.
Q. You had not been drinking? - A. I had had a little beer; I had been at home all day, except going to the Borough to pay my club, and returned to the Old-Jewry, where I had a little beer, and something to eat, but nothing else.
Q. Had you any conversation with these women? - A. No, I had never seen them before to my knowledge.
Q. It was dark, was it not? - A. It was moonlight.

Q. Do you mean to swear that? - A. I will not swear it.
Q. If it had been moon-light, you were so sober you must have observed it? - A. I did not mind about the moon.
Q. I think it must be pretty dark? - A. Neither light nor dark.
Q. Do you know that you have indicted these women for a highway-robbery? - A. Yes.
Q. How long have you been a post-boy? - 
               A. 
            Eight or nine years.
Q. Have you not heard of forty pounds reward upon each, if you convict them? - A. I did not think any thing about that; I have heard of it, but did not think about it.
Q. You say, you lost a seven-shilling-piece, a French half-crown, a sixpence, and your purse? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you mean to swear you lost it? - A. I have not got it.
Q. Don't you know it is to be produced? - A. Yes.
Court. Q. Ward run up the court, was she stopped at the time? - A. Yes; the watchman met her.
Q. Where was the other woman? - A. She kept hold of me.


                  JOHN 
                  PLUSH
               



             sworn. - I keep an oyster warehouse in Horsethoe-passage, Newgate-street; I heard the prosecutor hallon out, and say, she was robbed of his purse; I took a candle and run out; then I saw the two women and he together; I called the watchman down, and told him to take hold of one, and I would lay hold of the other; I went to take hold of Ward's hand, and the purse fell out of her right-hand; I picked it up, and they were taken to the watch-house; the prosecutor said, there was a seven-shilling-piece, a French half-crown, and sixpence in it, which I found when I opened it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. 
               Q. 
            These were women of the town? - 
               A. 
            Certainly.
Q. What had passed between them and that man, you don't know? - A. No.
Q. Or whether any money had been given to them? - A. No.

Q. 
            Was the prisoner agitated when you first saw him? - A. Yes, he seemed to be so.

Q. 
            Did he appear to be in liquor? - A. No, but in a slurry.
HENRY BERRY sworn. - I am a watchman; last Monday night, about a quarter before eleven, I went down Horseshoe-passage, and found the prosecutor, the two prisoners, and Mr. Plush together; he said, there is the watchman, and bid me take them to the watch-house, and be careful they did not drop any thing; I took Moore, who went very quietly; he was going to take Ward, and I saw, at her feet, the prosecutor's purse.
JAMES PEDDER sworn. - I am a constable; the charge was brought against these two girls for picking a pocket of a seven-shilling-piece, a French half-crown, and a sixpence; Plush gave me the purse. (Produces it.)
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. The charge was made for picking a pocket? - A. It was against his inclination.
Q. That he said, did he? - A. He told me so.
Q. Did you not say it was for picking his pocket? - A. I did say so.
Court. 
               Q. 
            (To Staggels.) Has your money got any mark on it? - A. The half-crown has a notch on it, and I am sure this is my book.
Ward's defence. I leave my case to my Counsel.
Moore's defence. I know nothing about it, I am innocent.


                  Mary 
                  Ward
               



            , GUILTY, aged 25.


                  Mary 
                  Moore
               



            , GUILTY, aged 35.




               Guilty of stealing, but not violently
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
