





464. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PLUMB
                  , alias 
PARKES





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of April
, a copper tea-kettle, value 20s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Hawkes
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  HAWKES
               



             sworn. - I am an ironmonger and brazier
: On the 20th of April, the prisoner at the bar came into my shop and agreed to purchase a copper tea-kettle, he agreed to give me twenty shillings, and desired it to be sent to the brewhouse, meaning Gassrd's brewhouse, he personated a brewer's clerk, with a white apron on; I asked him if it was to be sent to Mr. Delafield's house; he hesitated at first, and then said, no, but to the accompting-house; I said I would send it by-and by; he wished to have it sent directly; I then desired my young man in the shop, Samuel Cox, to take it directly; he desired to have a bill and receipt, which was made out in the name of Parkes; my shopman then took the tea kettle out of the shop, and I never saw any more of it.


                  SAMUEL 
                  COX
               



             sworn. - I am shopman to the prosecutor: On the 20th of April last, the prisoner came to my master's shop to buy a kettle, he agreed for one of twenty shillings, and I was desired to take it over to Mr. Gissard's brewhouse; I made a bill by the name of Parkes, and took the kettle, that was at the desire of the prisoner; I took the kettle and bill and delivered it in Mr. Gissard'sgate-way, just under the arch, into the hands of the prisoner; he told me to go and get a pint of beer, and he would bring me the money; I waited a quarter of an hour but no person came in; I inquired at the office of the brewhouse for such a person, but they did not know any thing of him.
Hawkes. I afterwards saw him at the Police-office; he was brought there for defrauding a tailor of a coat, and he was committed.
Prisoner's defence. I bought this tea-kettle, and was going to fetch the money for the gentleman, and there came an execution against me for debt, and I was stopped, and they took me to Hatton-garden.



               GUILTY
            , aged 47.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
