





227. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of April
, one pound twelve ounces of silk, value 2 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hunt
                  



               
            .
Second Count. Charging it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Willan
                  



               
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  JAMES 
                  DOWKER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are a porter belonging to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Willan
               



            ? - A. Yes.
Q. Has Mr. Willan any partner? - A. No: he keeps the Bull and Mouth, in Bull and Mouth-street
; the prisoner was our carman
, it was his duty to attend the waggon to see the delivery of the goods.
Q. Did he drive the horses, or did he look to the delivery of his goods? - A. He attended the delivery of the goods: On Monday last, the 9th of April, the prisoner went with the waggon to Bishopsgate-street, he was in the waggon; I was coming from the Excise-Office towards Cornhill, I saw the waggon standing against the church in Threadneedle-street


; I observed the prisoner at the bar with a great-coat over a bag, and, as I supposed, lying on one side of it, with the coat a little in; I made a stop, and saw him draw the silk out of the bag, and put it under his coat, and button it up; I stepped on one side in Bishopsgate-street to let him get down from the waggon; he got down, and went to the Helmet public-house opposite where the waggon was; I followed him in immediately; I asked him if he was going home; he told me, yes; I then asked him to go home with me to load some other bales of goods for shipping; he came home with me; I then went into the waggon-office, and communicated what I had seen to Mr. Jefferies, and he came out with me into the yard; Mr. Jefferies opened the prisoner's coat, and found the silk buttoned up; there was a pound and a half of it, or a pound and three quarters, I did not see it weighed; I then left him in charge with Jefferies and the rest of the men, and went about my business.
Cross-examined by Mr. Watson. Q. This was raw silk, was not it? - A. Yes.
Q. It was the prisoner's duty to attend the waggon? - A. Yes.
Q. Suppose any of these bales of silk were loose, what would have been his duty then? - A. There was no bale in the waggon but that.
Q. Supposing that it had been loose, what would have been his duty? - A. To have put it in again, and secured it.
Q. What is your employ with Mr. Willan? - A. My employment is as carman.
Q. Then it would not have been his duty to have told you any thing about it? - A. He did not tell me any thing about it.
Q. You gave him no opportunity of saying why he had taken this property to secure it for his master? - A. He did not make any mention at all about it.
Q. Did he ever attempt to make his escape at all? - A. No, he could not, because I was with him.

Q. Did he ever shew an inclination to do so? - A. Yes, he did attempt to go away to the corner of Basinghall-street, under pretence of going to see one of Mr. Pickford's waggoners.
Q. Do you mean to swear he attempted to make his escape? - A. Yes, he did, and I was obliged to lay hold of him.
Q. How long had you been carman? - A. Six years.
Q. How long has he been carman? - A. Four or five months, or not so long.


                  JOHN 
                  JEFFERIES
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are a book-keeper at the Bull and Mouth? - A. Yes; Dowker gave me information, in consequence of which I searched the prisoner, and found, under his top coat, a quantity of silk under his left arm; there was one pound twelve ounces of it; the prisoner did not say a word, I have had the silk ever since, (produces it;) it is part of the contents of a leather bag containing silk.
Cross-examined by Mr. Watson. Q. Had you an opportunity of seeing the contents of this bag? - A. No, I saw a part of the bag opened.
Q. That was afterwards? - A. Yes.
Q. When did you first see it before it was put into the waggon? - A. I did not see the bag till it was brought to the Bull and Mouth Inn; the bag had the appearance of having been broke, the end of the bag was drawn as under.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUNT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Do you know that silk? - A. Yes, perfectly well; the prisoner came from the Bull and Mouth Inn with a four-wheeled cart, or waggon, to take a pack of silk from my house, which is situated near the church, at the corner of Leadenhall-street; it was put into his charge for the purpose of taking it to the Bull and Mouth.
Q. Is that a part of the silk that was in that pack? - A. I am sure of it; there was a larger deficiency than this, and the next day, upon my writing to Mr. Jefferies, he sent me the remainder, which was found in the privy.
Prisoner's defence. This hank came out at one corner, and I put it under my coat to take it home, that it might be put into the bale again; and before I had time, when I got to the warehouse, they took it from me.
The prisoner called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
