






29. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     GRIFFITHS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of November
, 70 lb. of lead, value 10 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Lyons
                        




                     
                  , fixed to the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Catherine 
                        Kiernan
                     



                  , widow
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  LYONS
               



             sworn. - I live in Charles-street, Drury-lane


: On the 14th of last month I lost some lead from my house, between six and seven o'clock in the evening; it was taken from above the garret window. - (Produces the lead.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  KENNEDY
               



             sworn. - I had been at No. 3, Charles-street, Drury-lane; No. 2 is one of Lyons's houses, and at No. 3 there was an alarm that some men were going in at the garret window: the woman of the house asked me to go up stairs at No. 3; I went up into the garret, and found the two prisoners there; I am sure they are the same men; they were both stripped in their jacket sleeves, I stopped at the door till some more men came up; I desired them to stop while I went to see if there were any more men on the leads; I went out, and found some lead missing on No. 3; I returned into the room, and saw the lead hanging by the bed-side, part of it was under the quilt; I kept the prisoners in the room till two officers came.
Prisoner Green. Q. Were the garret windows open or shut when you went into the room? - A. Shut; when I came up to the door, Green let me in, while his partner was shutting the window, I found them both all over dirt, as if they had been at work; Green lodged in the room.
- WEDBY sworn. - I live at No. 2: I was alarmed on the 14th of November that there were thieves breaking into my garret-window, I went up, and learnt that a man had gone past the garret-window to No. 3; I then went to No. 3, and spoke to Mrs. Kennedy who keeps the house, it is a house of ill fame: I asked her who she had got in the garret; she said her brother was gone up; I went up and saw the last witness; one of the prisoners was sitting on the bed, and the other standing by his side; Kennedy asked them what they had been at; Kennedy went out at the window to No. 3, and called to me to detain those that were in the room: Mrs. Kennedy came up, and seeing the bed rather rumpled she turned down the bed-clothes, and there discovered the lead; I immediately went for two officers, and brought them with me, I gave charge of them; Green did not lodge there, he is a married man; it is a house of ill fame, and he might lodge there as any other man might do; he declared his innocence to the last: and when I first entered the room, he said, if there is any thing amiss, here I am, as innocent as a child unborn.
Prisoner Green. (To Kennedy.) Q. Were you not indicted for keeping a house of ill fame in Wharton's-court, Holborn? - A. It is a falsehood.
Q. Does not your sister, at this moment, keep a disorderly house for women of the town? - A. I cannot say; she lets her house out to lodgers.


                  JOHN 
                  TOWNSEND
               



             sworn. - I am one of the patrol belonging to Bow-street.
Q. Are you the young man that received the wound? - A. Yes; I was sent for to take charge of the prisoners; Green said he was innocent, and Griffiths said he knew nothing about it; the lead was in the room by the side of the bed. (Produces the lead.)
Lyons. I compared the lead with Wedby, and it corresponded with the window where it came off.
Wedby. I saw it compared, and it fitted exactly.
Q. (To Lyons.) Do you receive the rent of this house? - A. Yes; I have a lease of it from Mr. Leverton, I have three houses in the same street.
Q. (To Kennedy.) Did Green oppose your coming into the room? - A. Yes; he said I had no business there.
Q. How came you to say he lodged there? - A. He took the key up stairs just before, and wished me a good night, saying he was going to bed; he went up about six o'clock, as nigh as I can guess, and said he was going to bed; I had not seen Griffiths before.
Green's defence. I belong to the West London Militia
, I went upon guard in Bunhill-row; I afterwards got very much in liquor, I got up to Drury-lane; I knew a person that lodged in this room and went there, and found this man in the room; I know nothing of the lead.
Griffiths's defence, My wife was not at home, and I went to the Red-lion to have a pint of beer; I found the young woman there that rented this room, and I asked her to let me cook a bit of victuals in her room, and she gave me leave; I went there, and pulled off my coat to wash my hands; Green came up, and said he had been upon guard, and was in liquor, and wanted to lie down; I told him I would not incommode him, I would go to the cook's-shop and get something; I was going away when those people came up, I know nothing of the lead; it is a house full of disorderly women,and the door is always open to all comers and goers.
The prisoner, Green, called his Serjeant, who gave him a good character.
Green. I had my great coat on, and my pouch and bayonet, as I came from guard; and I dare say Townsend will say so.
Townsend. He had his great coat on, but I do not recollect whether he had his pouch and bayonet or not.
Griffiths, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 48.
Green, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 35.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
