





180. 
               
                  
                     PHILIP 
                     RABY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of September
, forty-five yards of cotton and linen cloth, mixed, value 2l. 10s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Dixon
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  DIXON
               



             sworn. - I keep a house in Fenchurch-street


: On the 4th of September, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, I lost the property mentioned in the indictment; the prisoner was my servant, a journeyman cutter
 in the warehouse, he was stopped at the door, with a piece of check under his arm; I was called down from breakfast, and before I could well get down, the prisoner had ran away; I employed a constable in our ward to find him, and it was the 6th of December before he was taken; Mr. Pike delivered me the property at the time, and I put my mark upon it, it is marked P. it is a piece of check cotton and linen, mixed; I might not have seen it, perhaps, for a week before he was stopped with it.


                  HENRY 
                  NORMAN
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Dixon
               



            , the prisoner was his servant: On the 4th of September, between eight and nine in the morning, I stopped the prisoner with a piece of check upon him; Pike called to him, and desired me to stop him; I stopped him, and desired him to bring it back to the counter, and untie it; he had it tied in an apron that he usually wore, he was going out to breakfast, and was withing two feet of the door.
Q. Was it a common thing for the men to go out with their aprons tied up? - A. No; Mr. Pike desired him to untie it, and told him, he believed he had got something that did not belong to him; he had got a piece of cloth containing thirty-six ells; Pike asked him how he came to do such a thing, and then he begged for God's sake we would say nothing to Mr. Dixon about it, he was only going to take it home to have some shirts cut out for his son, and he would have brought the remainder of the piece back again; he requested we would say nothing about it, and we let him go home to his breakfast; then we called Mr. Dixon from his breakfast, and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Pike
               



             and I shewed Mr. Dixon the cloth; it has been kept in his accompting-house ever since, separate from any other, till it was delivered to the constable, by Mr. Dixon; I know it to be his property, by the private mark upon it, I had put it myself in Mr. Dixon's cellar, about a week before; I know it by a mark in my own hand-writing, which I put upon it April 14, 1800.


                  PETER 
                  PERRY
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, (produces the property;) I received it from Mr. Dixon, and have had it ever since, (it was deposed to by Mr. Dixon and his servant.)
Norman. His great-coat was tied up in the same paper, I had seen him tie up the great-coat with it, while I was at breakfast, which gave me the first suspicion; he was then eight or ten yards from the door; he had enquired of every one for a bundle handkerchief, and no one would lend it him; then he took his apron, and took this piece of cotton, and tied it up with the great-coat in the apron.
Q. Why did not you speak to him then, at that time? - A. Because I was not justified.
Q. Why were not you justified? - A. Because a man might have a piece of cloth to carry forward, but he could not have it for his work, for five hours from that time, at least, for he had ten pieces of Irish linen then open before him, to cut into shirts.
Prisoner's defence. I never in my life, directly, or indirectly took any thing from Mr. Dixon'sshop, with intention to defraud him; Mr. Dixon has told me, I might, it any time, have any goods that I wanted, and pay him as I could; I took this piece, meaning to put it down on the other side, for Mr. Dixon's inspection, against I came back from breakfast; Mr. Pike called me back, and I stopped directly and put it down.
Q. (To Dixon.) Did you ever authorise this man to take any goods for you to price them afterwards? - A. Never; if they want a coat or a shirt, or any thing I deal in, that they want, I let them have it at what it cost me.




               GUILTY of stealing goods, value 39s.
             aged 43.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
