





574. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for



               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of September
, seven yards and a half of quilting, value 2 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Dixon
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  DIXON
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 14, May's-buildings, St. Martin's-lane


: About six o'clock in the evening I was in my accompting-house at the back part of the shop; I observed the prisoner in the shop taking a piece of goods out; it was inside the window for shew.
Q. Did you know him before? - A. I never saw the prisoner before I saw him in the shop.
Q. What did he take? - A. Seven yards and a half of quilting; there was no person in the shop but myself; I pursued him till he threw the piece down; he was brought back by Jones. When I got out of the shop to pursue him, he was about a hundred yards off, he had the piece of quilting then; I saw him throw it down, I have no doubt of his person.
- JONES sworn. - I heard the cry of stop thief on Thursday evening, the 5th of September; I observed a man running by my shop; soon after I observed Mr. Dixon passing by, calling out, stop thief; in consequence of a winning in the court, he passed through, and I lost sight of him for about a minute; the prisoner was walking towards me when I took him.
Q. You do not know it was the same man? - A. I can only say he was the man that I took, in consequence of being told he was the man that was running away.
Prisoner. (To the prosecutor.) Q. I wish to ask you whether you ever saw me before I was brought back to your shop? - A. Certainly I saw you in the shop when you took the piece of goods.
Prisoner's defence. I was coming up Bedford-street when that gentleman took me into custody; it is not a likely thing, if I had been guilty of the crime, that I should be walking towards the place.
GUILTY, aged 26,
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath
