





51. 
               
                  NICHOLAS 
                  PIRIOLE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of October
, ten pounds weight of preserved apricots, value 50s. one hundred pounds weight of carraways, value 30s. two pounds weight of apple jelly, value 8s. twelve pound of sugar, value 6s. a wooden box, value 1s. twelve sheets of coil, value 6s. twelve jars, value 12d. and twelve gall hots, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  Martha 
                  Hoffman
               



            , widow
, 
               
                  Charles-Godfrey 
                  Hoffman
               



            , and 
               
                  James-Rix 
                  Hoffman
               



            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)
JAMES RIX HOFFMAN sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const. Q. What is the firm of your house? - 
               A. 

                  Martha 
                  Hoffman
               



            , widow, Charles-Godfrey Hoffman, and myself; we are confectioners


, in Bishopsgate-street


; the prisoner was our servant
: About three days before the 29th of October, I missed some preserved apricots from two pans; we suspected the prisoner, and had master-keys made to his boxes; on the evening of the 27th, I examined the boxes, and found two bladders containing preserved apricots.
Q. Are bladders the common mode of keeping them? - A. No; about a quarter past eight in the evening, I concealed myself; we had placed Mr. Holdsworth outside the door, where he was to wait for a signal, when he was to stop the prisoner; I saw the prisoner take the bladders one by one out of the box, and put them in his pocket; after that, I saw him return them into the box again; I should suppose they were too large for his pockets; the next day, about twelve o'clock, I examined his boxes, and found the bladders reduced in size, and, in the corner of the same box, I found a brown paper containing preserved apricots; in the evening I concealed myself as before, and saw the prisoner take the bladders out of the box, and put them in his pockets; Mr. Holdsworth was outside the door; my brother gave him the signal, and he brought the prisoner in, and searched him; he fell on his knees, and begged for God's sake we would save his life, and he would confess his guilt; upon his finding, that would not do, he fell flat upon his face, kissed our feet, and begged we would save his life, and he would confess every thing; I made answer, that his conduct had been too infamous for him to expect any mercy; there were two bladders containing preserved apricots found upon him.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. I presume the skill that he had used in your house would have enabled him to make up goods of this fort at his own lodgings? - A. I don't know that he did.

Q. 
            Of course you don't mean to swear to preserved apricots? - A. No.(Mr. Charles-
               
                  Godfrey 
                  Hoffman
               



             and Mr. Philip Holdsworth corroborated the testimony of the last witness.)(The prisoner, being a Frenchman, made his defence by means of an interpreter, as follows:)
I bought these apricots of a person at different times; his name is 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Fondiere
               



            , he lives in the Little Minories; he had been to my house in Lemon-street, Tabernacle-walk, several times, particularly one evening, when I bought twelve pounds of apricots of him, which he was to bring me the next morning; and, as I was going to my work the next morning, I met him in Bishopsgate Churchyard with the apricots in two bladders; he said, he was in a hurry, and could not carry them to my house; he gave them to me, and I took them to Mr. Hoffman's, and put them in my box, not thinking there was any danger in it; I intended to take them all home in the evening, but meeting with a friend in the day, with whom I was to go and sup, I only took a part of them; and, that I might not give my master any room to suspect, I took them out of the bladder, and put them into a brown paper; and on the 29th of October I took the rest away, thinking there was no harm in so doing; Mr. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Hoffman
               



             came into the shop, and asked me some questions about some ornaments for the Lord-Mayor's day; and, upon quitting the house, I was stopped by the City-Marshal, and brought back; and when I was brought back, I was very much frightened, and did not know what I said.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 44.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
