





431. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LEE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Kirk
                        




                     
                  , four bank notes, value 1 l. each, his property
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  KIRK
               



             sworn. I am a 
seaman


; the prisoner sailed with me in the Admiral Gardner. I called upon him at the Hercules public house, and asked him to take a walk with me to Charing Cross; we walked together to Craig's court, Charing cross; I told him to stop there till I came down, I went to the Artillery office and received four one pound bank notes, a half guinea, one shilling and sixpence. I put my notes in my right hand waistcoat pocket.
Q. Were you sober at that time. - A. I had nothing to drink at all but one draft of porter; we called at a public house and had a quartern of gin, I gave him a shilling, because he was without money; we walked to Bear street, Leicester Fields, and there we had something to eat and drink, I asked him if he knew where Barker, a shipmate lived, he said he did; we went to him, and there we had something to drink with him, I paid for it; I came away from there, and called a coach to drive me to Lower East Smithfield; the prisoner and I got into the coach, I told the coachman if he wanted any thing to drink we would stop at the watering house and have a glass a-piece; we had a shillingsworth of rum and water, he brought it to the coach door, the prisoner jumped out of the coach and called for half a pint of gin, I told him I would not stop by myself, I would go in and drink with him in the house, I paid for what we had; then I asked him to come away, he told me he rather would not, I took him by the hand, and bid him good by; I got into the coach again, when I got to the top of Holborn Hill I missed the four pounds out of my pocket, I called to the coachman, and we went back, and we found the prisoner in the same place that we left him; I asked him the reason he had robbed me when I had given him money in his pocket; he replied he had not, the coachmen were thieves; the coachman sent for an officer, and he was detained; when he found the officer was coming he gave me three one pound notes in my hand.
Q. Were they such as you lost. - A. Yes, the same; the officer coming up he took up the note, and in the scuffle we tore two of them; the landlord told the officer that he had changed a one pound note to pay for a pint of beer; the officer searched him and found more money on him.
Q. You was rather in liquor. - A. I was very sensible, I knew what I was about very well.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HARDWICKE
               



             sworn. Q. Do you keep a public house. - A. Yes, the Coach and Horses in Holborn


; the prisoner and the prosecutor came into our house and called for some liquor, theprosecutor paid for it and went away.
Q. Did the prisoner stay after him. - A. He did, he was going off, he met with a friend and returned, he called for a pint of beer, and changed a one pound note for it.


                  THOMAS 
                  EKELSO
               



             sworn. I am a police officer; the prisoner was searched by me and Trott the officer, we found fourteen shillings and sixpence upon him, I have three one pound notes which I received from the prosecutor, the prosecutor gave Trott and me seven shillings and a halfpenny, which he said the prisoner at the bar gave him with the three one pound notes.
Prisoner's Defence. This man came to me at the Hercules, he called me out of doors and asked me to take a walk with him, I told him I would not; I was afraid I should get intoxicated in liquor; before I went with him he asked me to give him some beer, from there we went to Charing Cross, I stopped at the end of the street while he went up to the office, when he came down he asked me to have something to drink at the White Swan, he called for a quartern of gin, I drank a glass of it, he went to another public house and had a quartern of gin from there, he went to Bloomsbury and had six half pints of gin; the coachman stopped at the Coach and Horses in Holborn, he wanted me to go out of the coach, I told him I would rather stop in the coach rather than go out in the air, I was fearful the air would make me worse as I had been drinking; he gave me some halfpence and the one pound notes, with that he gave me a shove out of the coach, and I put the notes in my pocket.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
Of stealing, but not privily from the person.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
