





448. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     RUSSEL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 23d of August
, a gown, value 12 s. a pinafore, value 6 d. a child's shirt, value 6 d. a gold pin, value 1 s. 6 d. and 4 l. 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Jaggers
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  JAGGERS
               



             sworn. My husband's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Jaggers
               



            , he keeps a public house
.
Q. On the 23d of August what happened. - A. I missed the money from out of my pockets; when I went to bed I put my pockets between the bed and the mattress; I lost between five and six pounds, I only put down four pounds four.
Q. Was it in bank notes or in gold and silver. - A. In gold and silver, I had in my pocket twenty-three pounds in gold and silver, and I believe a one pound bank note; and when I had missed the money I had only eighteen pounds and some odd shillings.
Q. Why do you accuse the prisoner of taking it. A. She was my servant
, there was nobody else to go into the room but her.
Q. Did she go into the room. - A. She went into the room to make the bed; she took it in the morning before I got up, I saw her in the bed room; when I missed the money, I asked her if she had taken any thing from under the bed, she told me that she had not; I told her I had lost a great deal of money, she said she was very sorry for it, she was very ill at the time, she went out in the afternoon, and when she came home she saw me a fretting, she stood and cried, she said she was going away, the air did not agree with her, she went away that evening, I saw no more of her; on Tuesday I went up stairs to put on a clean gown, I missed it, I lost a child's shirt, a pinafore, and a gold pin.


                  GEORGE 
                  DONALDSON
               



             sworn. I am an officer; I went to Bristol after this woman, I got an officer, and took her there; I found the gown, the shirt, the pinafore, and the gold pin, in her box, and two guineas and a half in gold, and three shillings and six pence in silver.
(The property produced and identified by the prosecutrix.)




               GUILTY
            , aged 31.
Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
