







13. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     GILL
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ADAMS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MOORE
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of November
, twenty-five yards of woollen cloth, value 9 l. twenty-four yards of corderoy, value 4 l. twenty-eight yards of printed cotton, value 2 l. and one yard of canvass, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Dicker
               



            .
Second Count. For like offence, charging it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Clark
                  



               
            .
(The case stated by Mr. Gurney.)


                  THOMAS 
                  DICKER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are a woollen-draper
, at Wolverhampton? - A. Yes.
Q. On the 6th of November last, did you send any goods by the Newbury waggon? - A. Yes; a piece of blue cloth, an end of corderoy, and a piece of printed cotton, it was tied up in canvass; I directed it myself to Stewart's and Co. No. 9, Ironmonger-lane, November the 6th was on the truss; I delivered it at my own door to the waggoner, he is here.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Did you recover your property again? - A. Yes.


                  JACOB 
                  TOWNSEND
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are the driver of the Newbury-waggon? - A. Yes.
Q. On the evening of the 6th of November last, did you receive a truss from Mr. Dicker? - A. Yes, a truss; I put it in the waggon myself.
Q. On the evening of the 7th you were coming across Hounslow-heath? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you there, in consequence of any information that you received, look into the waggon to see that all was safe? - A. Yes; I saw it about eight o'clock in the evening, at Colnbrook.
Q. Did you examine your waggon when you came to Smallbury-green


? - A. Yes; it was all safe then.
Q. When you came to Brentford


, did you examine it again? - A. Yes; that was between one and two o'clock in the morning, then I found all the skewers from the off-side of the waggon pulled out.
Q. Could that possibly have happened by accident? - A. It could not; they could not have come out without being pulled out; I looked into the waggon and this truss was missing that I received from Mr. Dicker, I had put it into the middle of the waggon.
Q. Could it have tumbled out by accident? - A. No.
Q. You are quite sure it was there when you came from Colnbrook? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  STUDBURY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are a constable of Acton? - A. Yes: On the 7th of November I watched the roads, with other persons, from eight o'clock in the evening till between three and four in the morning, a cart came along at a little distance, we were waiting in a shed near the King's-arms, at Acton, and immediately it came close enough, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Malms
               



             sprang at the horse's bridle, and happened to catch it; the horse came round to the left-side,Gill jumped out of the cart, and I was jumping in as he jumped out; I secured Moore and Adams in the cart.
Q. Gill was secured by the persons with you? - A. Yes; as soon as I secured the prisoners I found this truss; I asked them how they came by it; they said they found it on the road; I immediately made Moore and Adams go out of the cart; we took them into the King's-arms, and likewise the truss with them; then, before their faces, I opened the truss, in which I found three parcels with directions upon them.
Q. Was the name upon the cart? - A. Yes: John Adams, Mile-End-road; Adams, the prisoner at the bar, owned the cart.
Q. Did they all resist? - A. No; the two men in the cart did not resist, only Gill; I had a pistol in my hand.
Q. Did any other man accompany them? - A. There was a man on horseback, who rode away as fast as he could make his horse's legs lay to the ground; we took them to Acton round-house, but I was persuaded to take them to a public-house till morning.
Mr. Knapp. Q. How far is Acton from Smallbury-green? - A.At least five miles.


                  JOHN 
                  ADAMS
               



             sworn. - Q. Do you remember being on the road on the 9th of November, in company with tudbury? - A. Yes; I heard the can before I saw it; I hollowed out 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Malms
               



            , get hold of the horse's bridle; I took hold of one of shafts the of the near-side, with that, we pulled it round to the left; I saw three people in the cart.
Q. Did they all remain in the cart? - A.Gill jumped out, they called for assistance; I left the shafts and went to secure him.
Q. How far did Gill get from the cart? - A. Not above three or four yards; he tumbled down in jumping, and hurt himself.
Q. Are you quite sure that he is the man that jumped out of the cart? - A. Yes, I never lost sight of him; he struggled much but not long, because there were three of us about him.
Q. Were you all armed? - A. Yes.
Q.(To prosecutor.) Look at the truss, (the truss produced); see whether that is the truss that you gave to the waggoner? - A. It is, that is my own hand-writing.
Court. Q. You have no partner? - A. No, my brother is dead.
Mr. Gurney. (To Townsend.) Q. Is that the truss you received in your waggon? - A. Yes.
Q. What is your master's name? - A. Thomas Clark, he is my only master.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  PROBITTY
               



             sworn. - Q. You are the clerk of this waggon, is Mr. Clark the proprietor of this waggon? - A. Yes; he has no partner at all.
Gill's defence. I was hired by the person that rode on horseback to fetch some smuggled goods, and when I saw him ride away. I jumped out of the cart.
Adams said the same.
Moore did not say any thing in his defence, but called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Gill, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32,
Adams, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24,
Moore, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.






               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
