





370. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Gover
                        




                     
                  , Sarah Burney, widow, James Townsend and Sarah his wife being therein, about the hour of three in the afternoon of the 2d of April
, and stealing a gown, value 20s.
             the property of the said Thomas.
THOMAS GOVER sworn. - I am a cellarman
 to a wine-merchant in St. James's-street: On the 2dof April, I was at my work, and was sent for by my wife; I went home, and found the prisoner at the bar with his hands tied; he was in the custody of an officer.


                  SARAH 
                  GOVER
               



             sworn. - Q. You are the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gover
               



            ? - A. Yes: On Saturday, the 2d of April, I locked my door, and went to St. James's-market, about half past two o'clock in the afternoon; I returned about three, and finding my door unlocked, I opened the door, and entered the room; I saw the prisoner in the room; he flew from the drawers, making a very frightful noise; upon that, he rushed out of the room, I followed him, and made an alarm of stop thief; he was stopped.
Q.Did you lose sight of him? - A.While he turned the corner of the street, he ran into a baker's shop; a gentleman stopped him, and brought him back to me, to know if I knew the man; I told him I would take my oath to him.
Q. Now look at him, are you sure he is the person? - A. Yes.
Q. Are you sure the person that was brought back to you, was the same person you had seen in your room? - A.The very same; this gown was in one of the drawers when I went out, and when I came home, it was at the other end of the room in a clothes basket; one of the drawers was broke very much.
Q. Did he take any thing away with him? - A. No, I lost nothing.
Q. Are you sure that gown when you went out was in your drawer? - A. Very sure.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Is there any body else lives in this house besides you? - A. Yes, we have lodgers.
Q. The outer door is always open for the lodgers to come in? - A. It is on the latch.
Q. The lodgers might have left the outside door open? - A. I cannot say.
Q.This gown was in a clothes-bag? - A. No, in a clothes-basket with clean linen.
Q. How many lodgers did you leave in the house? - A. Sarah Burney, a very old woman, and Townsend, a shoe-maker, and his wife.
Q. You visit each other, don't you? - A. I keep them at a proper distance, I give them the time of the day or so; when people are in the house, you cannot help speaking.
Q. Are Townsend and his wife here? - A. No.
Q. This clean linen in a basket had been lately washed? - A. It had been ironed that morning.
Q.Was the gown clean? - A. It had not been put on since it was washed.
Court. Q. Was the street-door open? - A. I shut it after me when I went out.
Q.Any body might open it on the outside? - A. Yes.
SUSANNAH LOVETT sworn. - I was sitting at the window facing Mrs. Gover's house; I saw the prisoner come out.
Q. Are you sure it was the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Q.Are you the servant? - A. No, I live with my father and mother.


                  THOMAS 
                  DENIGHT
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: On Saturday, the 2d of April, I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody for breaking open the house of Gover; I proceeded to search him, when he pulled out this book, which I took out of his hand, containing these keys, (producing five skeletonkeys;) this key the prisoner dropped out of his lefthand; I picked it up, and tried it in the room-door, and it locked and unlocked it as easy as the key of the door; this large pair of scissars belongs to Mrs. Gover; I looked at the drawers, and found they had been attempted to be opened; I picked up these scissars, and found that the scissars, in this shut situation, corresponded with the bruise in the bottom drawer which had been attempted to be broke open, and the top drawer, where the cloak was taken from, appeared to have been opened by the scissars in an open situation.
Prisoner's defence. That property is my own, and I cannot do without them; I was going to open an iron-chest in Tottenham-court-road, which I made for a Mr. Owen, who had lost the key; I was in the baker's shop when the robbery was committed.
Denight. He told me he was a copper-smith.
GUILTY, aged 22,
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
