





428. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 10th of May
, a bottle, value 3 s. and five gallons of oil, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Vicars
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  VICARS
               



            . I am an oil merchant
; I live in Paul's wharf, Upper Thames street


. On Tuesday the 10th of May, I was standing at my bed room window, a little before seven o'clock in the morning, I saw my porter, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Croft
               



            , and the prisoner standing together, they stood a little while in conversation; the prisoner then left him and went up the street; my porter came over the way and rung the bell; one of the servants let him in my gates that lead down to the wharf; I keep my oils at the back of my premises; I watched my porter; he opened the gates that lead into the street and went to a stable, which I have nearly opposite, of the other side of the way; while he was there a few minutes, the prisoner came with a basket in his hand and went down the gateway, leading to where my oils are deposited; immediately after Croft, the porter, brought the horse down the gateway; about five minutes after that I observed White go out of the gateway with a basket on his shoulder, and apparently something heavy in it; I immediately went out and followed him up St. Peter's Hill into Old Fish street; I asked him what he had got upon his shoulder; he said nothing of mine; I said I supposed he had got some of my property there; he immediately threw the bottle down with all the force he had upon the curb stones and broke it all to pieces; I tasted and smelt it; the bottle contained rape oil; it was of a similar quality to the oil that I had in the warehouse; it was a five gallon stone bottle. It appeared as if it had been full by the quantity spilled on the ground; it cost me four shillings and three pence a gallon. I secured him; some friends coming up at the time, I sent for a constable.
Q. What became of the porter - A. I took him up to Guildhall; Mr. Alderman Combe thought the evidence could not be brought home to him; they were obliged to let him go; I have never seen him since. I asked him how he got the oil; he did not make any answer particular; he did not like to be kept in the street; he desired to be taken into a public house.
Jury. When the basket was taken into your warehouse was it empty or had it any thing in it. - A. It appeared to be light; he was swinging it in his hand as he was carrying it.
Q. What may be the weight of five gallons of oil - A. About thirty seven pound; with the bottle forty three pound.


                  HENRY 
                  WILLIAM BRITAGE
               



            . I keep the Fortuneof War in Upper Thames street. On the Friday before that he came to my house with an empty basket, at half past seven in the morning; he called for half a pint of beer; he asked leave to leave the basket there till he called for it; I gave him leave. On Tuesday the 10th of May I saw him; he came about half past six in the morning and took the basket away. My house is about four doors from Mr. Vicars.'
Q. Do you know whether there was an empty bottle in the basket - A. The basket was empty.


                  OWEN 
                  JONES
               



            . I a publican on Bennett's Hill, about three hundred yards from Mr. Vicars'; there was a basket left at my house one morning; who left it I cannot say; the prisoner called for it on the same day that Mr. Vicars was robbed, I believe, but I cannot say.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a porter; I work for Mr. Perkins, chemist, Bennett's Hill.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. I have seen him; I do not know how he gets his living; I saw him on the morning he was taken, standing at the end of Mr. Vicars' warehouse; I went down their gateway to borrow a truck for my master; I left the prisoner there; he was alone and had nothing with him; I did not see him do any thing.
- VICARS. I am Mr. Vicars' son; I saw the prisoner talking to our porter in Thames street, a few minutes before seven o'clock.
Q. Had he any thing with him when he was talking to your porter - A. No; the gates were then shut; about half after seven o'clock I saw the prisoner come down the gateway with a basket in his hand.
Q. Did it appear to be light or heavy - A. He was swinging it about in his hand.
Q. Had he any business or employment down your gateway - A. None; there was no business carrying on there but our oil warehouse; in about five minutes he returned again; he had something covered with straw in a basket, which he carried on his shoulder, it appeared to be heavy; I and my father followed; when I laid hold of him we asked him where he got it; he said he did not bring it from our premises; my father said he was sure he did; before he said that, he chucked it upon the curb stones and broke it; it appeared to be a five gallon bottle; we sent for a constable; he stooped down and washed his apron in the channel, which was all over oil; I never saw him before to my knowledge.
Q. The porter is not here - A. No; we turned him away directly; I tasted the rape oil; it appeared to be of the same quality as the rape oil-in my father's warehouse.
JOSEPH COWARD. I am a constable; I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner. Mr. Vicars charged him with stealing a bottle of rape oil.
Q. Did you see any oil in the street at the time you came up - A. Yes, a large quantity on the curb and part of it in the channel. The prisoner said to me, are you to take me; I said, yes; I was very sorry to see him in that situation; I had known him before; I asked him what could induce him to steal it; he said he was employed by a man at the warehouse to carry this bottle of oil to a pitching block at the corner of Fenchurch street.
Q. Did he say who that man was - A. No.
Q. What was the prisoner - A. He was a porter to Messrs. Howell and Atlee, Thames street.
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent; I was hired by a man to carry it to a pitching block in Fenchurch street; he said he had got another house to go to; he would be there as soon as I was.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years.
            

London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
