






256. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  MARSTON
               




             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of February
, forty-nine horse-shoes, value 4s. and a pick-lock key value 1d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Alcorn
                  




               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Raine.)
RICHARD ALCORN sworn. - Examined by Mr. Raine. I live at Hampton


: On Friday morning, the 6th of February, I discovered my shop was broke open, and I missed a quantity of new horseshoes; I cannot say how many; I heard of them again on Saturday morning; they were produced to me by the constable and John Nottman; they were on the premises of the prisoner; I did not see the bag till I saw it before the Justice: it was marked R. A. I know the horse-shoes to be mine; I also found a pick-lock key; that was found in the prisoner's bed-room; I saw the officer take it up from the bed-room window.
Q.Had the lock been forced? - A. Yes, with a punch or a crow, or some such thing.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q.Was it the door that was broke open? - A. They broke in at the window.
Q. A picklock key would be a very useful thing to break open a window with? - A. No; they got at the key afterwards.
JOHN NUTTMAN sworn. - Examined by Mr. Raine. I am a smith and farrier, at Hampton; I work upon the premises of Mr. Marston; he has kept the key of it ever since I have been there: On Saturday morning, the 7th of February, the horseshoes were shewn to me; they were found by my boy in a bag upon my premises; I knew them to be Alcorn's shoes from the make of them; I had heard of the robbery on the Friday morning; I went to Marston, and asked him if he knew any thing of that iron that was there, and he said, no, I said, either you, or somebody belonging to you, must; he then went up to the fire with his two hands in his pocket and said, work them up; I could not rightly hear the first word, but he said, work them up; I said, sharply, what I and he said, d-n you, you can't hear nothing, nor yet understand; he called me out, and said, I want to speak to you; I went out backwards, and he said, d-n it, if you had not said any thing to my boy Jack, you might have worked them all up, and nobody been the wiser; I told him I would not do it if he would lay me down 2001.; do you want to hang me; I said, I would go and inform the constable and Mr. Alcorn; and he said again, as I understood him, d-n you, work them up.
Q. Are you sure he said that? - A. Yes; I then went to the constable, but I went first to speak to two men about it, and he followed me in, and looked very solitary.
Q. Who were those two men? - A.Servants to Mrs. Bayer, at Hampton; the name of one of them is 
               
                  John 
                  Cooke
               



            .
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. How long have you had this shop of Marston? - A. A twelve-month in April; I had a key, and he had a key; he would not let me the place without he could have a thoroughsfare through it; his cart always stood there.
Q. Was there not a great deal of talk about this robbery, at Hampton? - A. No; I had a little conversation with a sarrier of the name of Franklin about it; and on the Friday morning I saw some gentlemen going to search the farries' shops.
Q.How early on the Friday did you hear of the robbery? - A.About seven o'clock, I believe.
Q. Did not you hear a great deal of talk about it that day? - A. No; I was at work all that day with my boy; I drank at a public-house on Friday night with some farriers, who told me their shops had been searched.
Q. You were then a little uneasy, for fear your shop should be searched? - A. No; I had no doubt of that.
Q. The boy found them in the shop - perhaps you sent him to the shop first in the morning? - A. He always does go first; I found three bars of iron at my own house that were carried home by my boy, which did not belong to me, and that gave me the first suspicion.
Q. When you say he told you to work them up, nobody heard him, I dare say? - A. Yes, my boy heard it.
Q.What, when he took you on one side to speak to you privately, did he speak loud enough for your boy to hear it? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you not fear that you might get into some trouble about it yourself? - A. Yes.
Mr. Raine. Q.How came your boy to take this iron home? - A.Because I was afraid of being robbed myself; I ordered him to take every thing home.


                  EDWARD 
                  WOOD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Raine. I am servant to the last witness: On Friday night I took some bars from my master's shop to his house, I took all that there were; the next morning I went to the shop about six o,clock, and my master came about seven; before my master came, I saw a bag lying there under some straw; I opened it, and found it contained horse-shoes; I did not tell my master of it first; he went home to get some small chains, and when he came back, I said, master, there is a bag under the straw, do you know any thing about it; he pulled out the bag, opened it, and said, by G-d, they are Alcorn's shoes, and then he went to call Marston; Marston came in, put his hand in the bag, and took out two or three; my master said, they are Alcorn's shoes; he said, I believe they are; then he came up to the fire where I stood, and said to my master, d-n it, work them up; my master did not understand him, and then he said, d-n you, you can't understand nothing,come out, here; he called him out, and then I heard him say, if you had said nothing before my boy Jack, you might have worked them up, and nobody would have been the wiser; my master said, I would not for 2001. work them up, what, do you want to hang me; Marston did not say any thing to that; but my master said, I will go and report it to Mr. Alcorn and the constable.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q.Which of you left the shop first, you or your master? - A. I did, about seven o'clock, when we leave off work.
Q. Were you with your master all the evening after that? - A. Yes, he came home and smoked his pipe, I went up to bed, and I heard him come up after me.
Q. I am speaking of Friday evening, - Was he at home all that evening? - A. Yes.
Q. He was at no public-house at all? - A.No.
Q. You are quite sure of that? - A. I think he went to this man's house.
Q.When you found that the bag contained Mr. Alcorn's shoes, you were both frightened? - A. Yes.
Q.Was he frightened? - A. Yes.
Q. Since Marston has been committed, have you and he had any conversation about the evidence that you were to give? - A. No.
Q. Will you swear that? - A. To the best of my recollection I have not; he told me I must come up, and so on.
Q.What do you mean by so on? - A. He told me I must tell the truth.
JOHN RUSSELL sworn. - Examined by Mr. Raine. I am a constable of Hampton: On Saturday morning, the 7th of February, about half past seven o'clock, Nuttman came into my house, and said, did you not come and search my premises yesterday; I said, why do you ask me such a question; he said, the whole of Alcorn's property is there; upon going with Mr. Nuttman to the shop, I found a bag, containing forty-nine new horse-shoes; we then went to Alcorn's, and Alcorn shewed Nuttman a tool called a pritchell, which Nuttman said belonged to him; I went to Marston's about ten o'clock in the morning, and in his bed-room Thorpe found a picklock key; I was in the room.(Produces the shoes and the tool.)
Alcorn. I found this tool under the window that was broke open.
Nuttman. I believe this to be my tool, but I cannot swear to it.
JOHN THORPE sworn - Examined by Mr. Raine. I am a headborough, at Hampton; I assisted Russell in the search, and in Marston's bed-room I found this picklock in the window. (Produces it.)(The property was deposed to by Alcorn)
Prisoner's defence. I am as innocent as ever was a child sucking at its mother's breast.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 48.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
