





382. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ALDRIDGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 11th of May
, seven pair of women's shoes, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry Boulton 
                     Wheatley
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  BOULTON WHEATLEY
               



            . I live at No. 31, Charles-street, Middlesex Hospital


; I keep a general sale shop
. On the 11th of May, in the afternoon, I had occasion to go to Tottenham court road; on my return from it, from information, I found seven pair of shoes was gone; I pursued and took the prisoner.
ROBERT COLTON. Q. Do you live with Mr. Wheatley. - A. Yes. On the 14th of May, about half past five o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner take seven pair of shoes, which were hanged at the door of my master's shop for sale; I was in the shop behind the counter.
Q. Did the prisoner see you. - A. No. He unhooked the shoes, I ran after him; I never lost sight of him; as soon as I called out stop thief he dropped the shoes from behind his coat at the corner of Berner's street; I did not stop to pick up the shoes; I kept running after the prisoner till I saw my master coming up Charles-street. The prisoner ran till he dropped the shoes, and then he walked till he got into Wardour-street.
Q. Your master was coming up Wardour-street, was not he. - A. Yes; my master saw me close behind the prisoner. He caught hold of him.
Q. You are perfectly sure you saw him drop the shoes. - A. I am.
Q. Who picked them up. - A. I cannot say. These are the shoes; they were hanging up by the string; the prisoner threatened me that if I did not leave him, he would fall upon me and kill me. There were two of them; the prisoner took the shoes, the other was looking at some things; I followed the prisoner.
Mr. Wheatley. In consequence of information I received when I went home I pursued the track I was informed they went; I turned down Holland-street, and met the prisoner coming out of Wardour-street into Holland-street and the boy close behind him. I took him by the collar and he was taken to the watchhouse. The shoes were brought back to my shop; I believe my wife picked them up.
Prisoner's Defence. I had just come from Mr. Steward the cooper in Phoenix street; I come across Soho square, and coming up Wardour-street I met that gentleman, he collared me and took me to Marlborough street.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            

Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
