





440. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HUTCHINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 30th of April
, a wooden box' value 1 s. and fifty five squares of glass, value 3 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Taylor
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Hickes
                  



               
            .
Second count laying them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Shutt
                  



               
            .


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  HICKES
               



            . My partner's name is 
               
                  James 
                  Taylor
               



            , we keep an errand cart

 from Hampstead to London. On the last day of April I received this box from Mr. Shut in the New road


, I was to carry it to Hampstead


; between nine and ten o'clock in the evening it was on the tail of my cart fastened with a rope many times over it; the rope was worth seven shillings; it was cut in five pieces. A man of the name of Ray came and asked me whether I had not lost a box from behind my cart; I looked, and said yes; he said if you will go with me I will shew you where you may catch the man; we both run together on the road after the man; then he went into a field, and there he dropped the box; I saw him get over in the field with the box on his shoulder; he dropped the box before Ray laid hold of him. I laid hold of him by the collar, I brought him into the road; some gentlemen coming along the foot path, I asked them to assist me; they took care of the man while I went and got the box; then I charged a constable with him.
Cross examined by Mr. Knapp. It was dark, was it not - A. Yes.
Q. You had not observed the person of the man in the road before you got over the rails - A. I had not.
Q. Were there more persons than one in the field - A. They said there was another, but I did not see any other; I was not so far from the man when he dropped the box from his shoulder as I am from you; I am sure I saw the prisoner drop the box, although it was dark. The box was white, and I had him directly.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CREW
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Shut, he is a glass merchant
; I cut the glass, and saw it packed and delivered to Hickes.


                  JOHN 
                  RAY
               



            . I am a steel worker. As I was coming home from my work, between nine and ten o'clock at night, I was fourteen or fifteen yards behind my boy, he told me there were two men had taken a box from a cart; I saw nothing of it, I did not see the man till I collared him in the field, and he fell with his back on the bank.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RAY
               



            . Q. How old are you - A. I am fourteen years old. I was on the Hampstead road with my father; I saw two men going along the path, I saw one of them go into the road and the other followed him, they went towards the cart; I saw one of the men take the box from behind the cart, he took it on the other side of the way; my father came up to me; I said I believed the man had taken the box from behind the errand cart; my father ran up and asked the errand cart man whether he had a box behind the cart, he said yes, he had; my father said he would shew him where it was; my father in jumping over the hedge fell in the ditch; my father got up, ran after the man and collared him. I am not sure the prisoner is the man that had the box; I am sure he is one of the men that were in the path.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KEIGHLEY
               



            . I live in Kentish town. I was coming down when the man was brought there; I knew the prisoner very well. I took the prisoner in charge, I have had the box in custody ever since, his name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Toney
               



            ; Crocker took him for robbing of a gentleman in Fitzroy square; he has been seven years, and came home again about eighteen months ago; I have seen him come round Camden town with a donkey.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing at all about it. When I was coming home I saw the man with the box, I jumped over the hedge to stop him; he ran away; that man stopped me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
