





484. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     STARKEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William-John 
                        Arabin
                     



                  , Esq.

 about the hour of ten, in the night of the 8th of May
, with intent to steal, and burghriously stealing a pair of leather breeches, value 2l. 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Heath
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  HEATH
               



             sworn. - I am coachman to William. 
               
                  John 
                  Arabin
               



            , Esq. of George-street, Manchester-square


; I lost a pair of breeches from the stable; the lock of the stable door was picked a little after nine, in the evening of the 8th of May.
Q. Was the stable close to the house? - A. Yes; after I had put up my horses I went in to eat my supper, and did not go back any more that night; my fellow-servant, the groom, slept in the stable; the next morning I missed my trunk, containing my leather breeches and great coats; I found the leather breeches the next day at Marlborough-street.
JOHN GRIFFITHS sworn. - I slept in the stable; while I was at supper in the house, a trunk, a great coat, and the breeches were taken away; I told him of it the next morning; I know nothing of the prisoner.
HENRY LOVETT sworn. - On the 8th of May, near upon ten o'clock, I was coming up Oxford-street, and met the prisoner at the bar with a bag, containing these breeches; I took him into custody; I knew him perfectly well, and have had him in custody before; I asked him what he had got; he said, if you must know, I have got a pair of breeches; the next morning me and my father searched the prisoner's lodgings, in Iver-street, St. Giles's, and in the room we found part of the box broke up, with the prosecutor's name upon it.
Heath. These are the breeches that I left in the stable; they have my name in them.
Prisoner's defence. Coming down Oxford-road, about ten o'clock, I met a man, and he asked me the way to Smithfield; I told him I was going that way, and would shew him; he went into a pastrycook's shop, and gave me the bag to hold; then Mr. Lovett came up and took me; I had a woman here yesterday as a witness, in whose room the box was found; but Lovett frightened her, and told her to go away; her name is 
               
                  Mary 
                  Walworth
               



            .
Q.(To Lovett.) Do you know the woman? - A. No; I saw a woman here yesterday.
Q. Did you frighten her, and tell her to go away? - A. No such thing.




               GUILTY, of stealing the goods, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
