





758. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniouslystealing on the 21st of July
, 3 chickens, value 4 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Butcher
                  




               
            .


                  HANNAH 
                  BUTCHER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Butcher
               



            , we live at Church Hill in the parish of Hendon


. On the 21st of July, about half past seven in the morning I let the chickens out, I saw them again at half after ten, I never saw them altogether afterwards till I came to Hatton Garden, there I saw the three that I lost, they were dead.
Q. Did you know them again - A. Yes, I swore to them, I knew them by the colour of their feathers, I saw the prisoner on the morning I lost the chickens about 20 or 30 yards from my house he was at the top of the garden with a green bag in his hand, I did not see him take them, I missed them about half an hour after I saw the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I live at Hampstead, I saw the prisoner on the 21st of July about a quarter before ten in the morning, he went over the heath towards Hendon.
Q. Had you known him before - A. Yes.
Q. Had he any thing with him - A. Nothing then, I am sure it was him. About 12 o'clock I saw him coming from Church Hill where Butcher lives, I was at a distance when I saw him first, whether, he had any thing I cannot rightly tell. I saw him lay down behind the furse-bushes on the horse-course, he laid there about five minutes, he got up again and came towards Hampstead. I followed him down Hampstead into Shepherd's field at a distance. I never lost sight of him above a minute.
Q. Did you overtake him - A. I did not; he got over the stile out of one field and into another. I run down to the stile when he got over he got half way down the field, he stopped and looked back, he had no chickens with him at that time; Mrs. Hartley met him she said she saw him put down a bag, we afterwards found the bag.
Q. Did you follow the prisoner after he laid down among the furse bushes and get up again - A. Yes, he did not see me as I know of.
Q. What was your reason for following him - A. I had suspicion of him before, there were three chickens in the bag two dead, and the other lived near two hours after.
Q. Was the prisoner there when the bag was taken up - A. No, he was gone down the field he was taken in custody that night and taken to Hampstead watchhouse, he was afterwards taken to Hatton Garden office.
Q. What became of the chickens - A. Mr. Adams kept the chickens, they were produced at Hatton Garden.
Mr. ADAMS. I am the beadle of Hampstead, on the 21st of July, I was going over Hampstead Heath by 
               
                  Jack 
                  Straw
               



            's castle, I saw Bishop, it was about 12 o'clock. I waited with Bishop, he pointing to where the man lay behind the horse course. I kept the prisoner in sight, he came from the horse-course towards Hampstead. I followed him into Hampstead near the trees, I lost sight of him twice and saw him again in Shepherd's field.
Q. Are you sure that the man you saw in Shepherd's field is the man that you saw squatting down in the horse course behind the furze bushes - A. Yes, because I had him in custody before, I knew his person well.
Q. Could you see whether he had any thing about him or not - A. No, I afterwards found this green bag by the information of Mrs. Hartley in a corner of the field where he had passed, it contained three chickens I also found in the green bag this little bag with some wheat in it.
Q. That bag does not belong to Butcher - A. No, I kept these chickens till they were produced at Hatton Garden. Mrs. Butcher saw them, I saw the prisoner at 12 o'clock, we took him about four, we lost him in Hampstead town after he had been in Shepherd's field, I found the bag about half after twelve.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HARTLEY
               



            . I live in Church Lane, Hampstead.
Q. Did you see the prisoner on the 21st of July - A. Yes, I had been home with some linen, I saw him just as he came off Shepherd's field stile, he went over another and went into a corner with a bag in his hand at half after 12 o'clock. I know he is the same man, he is dressed now as he was then, he had this greasy bag of corn, I did not know what was in it then.
Q. Did you see him with the green bag - A. No, I saw him go up into a corner in the field, I saw the green bag afterwards, it was found in the corner where I saw him go.
Prisoner's Defence. It is all false what they say, I am innocent of the charge that is laid against me.
The property produced and identified.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
