





23. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MILLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of November
, three yards and a half of cloth, value 3 l. 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lack
                  




               
            .
- SIMES. I am a publican, I live at the Blue Anchor, Wormwood street. On the 19th of November a young man called me out of the bar to the door, he said he suspected that some person was going to rob Mr. Lack. When I went to the door the prisoner at the bar was in the middle of the road with a piece of cloth under his arm, he immediately went up to Mr. Lack's window and pulled out another piece. When he had done that he went into the middle of the road. One person out of the two that were waiting on the other side of the road, came to take the cloth from him, as I suppose; they immediately ran when they saw me coming after them; I pursued the prisoner, the others took a different direction, and I stopped him at Little Moorfields. I gave him in charge to the constable.
Q. What became of the cloth. - A. He threw it down immediately he saw me coming after him.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the person who took the cloth out of the window. - A. I am certain, I can take my oath of it, I never lost sight of him.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley.
A. You had never seen the prisoner before the night the robbery was committed. - A. No.
Q. There was a great many people about the place. - A. There was no more persons than I have mentioned.
Q. Was it dark or light. - A. Just about dusk. I was not above ten yards from him, I never lost sight of him at all.
Q. You are taller than he. - A. Yes, I could see over his head.
Q. You could not see his features, I could not, I was behind him.
Q. Do you mean to swear that you never lost sight of him. - A. I have sworn it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I am a porter. As I was passing Mr. Lack's door I saw the prisoner at the bar and two more about Mr. Lack's window. I went to the next door neighbour, Mr. Simes, to acquaint him that there was something going on that was not right, and just as we came out of the door this young fellow was drawing the cloth; I see him draw the cloth through the window where the glass was cut; there was a call of stop thief, and he was pursued.
Q. Did you pursue him as well. - A. Yes, he was taken.
Q. Are you sure it is the same man. - A. Yes, I am sure it is the same man that drawed the cloth out of the window and dropped it.
Q. Who picked up the cloth. - A. The gentleman that belonged to it.


                  JOHN 
                  LACK
               



            . I am a tailor and mercer
, I live at No. 10, Wormwood street


. On Wednesday the 19th of November I was sitting up stairs, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I heard the cry of stop thief, I ran down stairs and opened my door, I saw my cloth laying in the channel, about five yards from my house. I immediately picked it up and carried it to the shop, I kept it in my possession till the constable returned with the prisoner and the other witnesses; then I gave the cloth to the constable.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley.
Q. Do you carry on the business for yourself or have you any partners. - A. For myself. I have no partners.
Court. How was it gone out of your shop. - A. From the window; the pane of glass was cut out as clean as a glazier could do it; there was a larger piece of cloth lying there, which they could not pull through, they had pushed that down, and this smaller piece they had pulled through.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, and called no witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
