





611. 
               
                  WILFRY 
                  EYRES
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of June
, a silver watch, value 42s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Taylor
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  REBECCA 
                  TAYLOR
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Taylor
               



            , who keeps an oil shop
, No. 7, Vere-Street, Clare-market


; on the 12th of July, the watch was hanging up in the parlour; about a quarter before ten at night, the prisoner and two other boys, came in and asked for various articles, but purchased nothing, they were in the shop about five minutes; I did not observe either of them go into the parlour; I missed the watch the moment they were gone, and on the Wednesday following, I saw an advertisement, that the watch had been stopped, upon which I applied to the office in Marlborough-street, and found it to be my property.
- BROWN sworn. - I am a watchman in the parish of St. Giles's; I heard a rattle spring, and saw the prisoner run through Bowl-yard, that was between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, on the 12th of July; I caught the prisoner, and saw a watch taken from him, by an officer, who is here, it was in the prisoner's botom.


                  MICHAEL 
                  BUCKLEY
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman, I saw a parcel of boys gathering about twelve o'clock at night; I sprang my rattle, and they ran away; I cannot say whether the prisoner was one of them.(
               
                  John 
                  Dalton
               



            , an officer, produced the watch, which was identified by Mrs. Taylor.)
Prisoner's defence. I picked up the watch in Broad-street, as I was coming from my aunt's in Holborn. GUILTY, aged 13.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Hotham.
