





75. 
               
                  
                     MARTIN 
                     ALDRIDGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 15th of December
, thirty pound weight of lead, value 7 s. affixed to a building belonging to 
                     
our Sovereign Lord the King



.
Second count for the like offence, laying it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Pope
                  



               
            , affixed to a building of his.
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.
RICHARD TAYLOR; examined by Mr. Knapp. In what situation are you. - A. I am a bricklayer, I was employed in his majesty's building of the Mint


 by Mr. Pope.
Q. How was you employed on this day. - A. I was pointing the lead flushing.
Q. Was this lead completely finished in laying it completely down. - A. It was affixed completely to the building, the holdfasts were drove in.
Q. On the day the prisoner was apprehended what was the business the prisoner had to do there. - A. He was employed as a scaffold man to attend upon the masons. Between two and three o'clock in the afternoon I saw him first on the place where the lead was missing, he had no business there that I know of; then I had to go to another part of the building to do my work, and by that time I had got to that place he had got round to a place where he was cutting the lead up and beating it to pieces; I observed him half an hour before I informed Mr. Pope.
Q. What lead did it appear to you to be. - 
               A. 
            Gutter lead flushing; it was like the lead that belonged to the same place; I went there and informed Mr. Pope of it, he gave me strict charge to watch him, and to do nothing else all the day. At the time that I got back to the place again, he was still at work beating of it up, he did not see me, I was above him; he continued cutting it up till he had finished it, then he broke a hole through the centers and let it down into another apartment; I watched him into the same place where it was dropped; I could not see him any more then till he came out again.
Q. Had you at any intermediate time given any information to 
               Wood
             the porter. - A. Yes; then I watched him till he put on his coat; the bell rang, and I followed him to the gate, I saw Wood stop him, I saw the lead taken from him; it was about thirty pound weight.
Q. Was it taken from him or had any dropped from him. - A. There was some dropped from him, and Wood took one or two bits from him that was hid under his waistcoat; the prisoner begged Mr. Pope's pardon when he was taken. He said it was the first offence that he had ever done.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney.
Are you quite sure that the lead was affixed, or only placed to be affixed. - A. It was quite fast, it only wanted pointing to stop it up.
Q. What sort of a place is it. - A. It is called the New Mint, it is a strong building.
- WOOD; examined by Mr. Knapp. You are the porter to the gate. - A. I am.
Q. Did you stop the prisoner. - A. When he came to the gate he was not willing to go, he seemed as if he wanted to turn back again; I took him into the lodge; I took one piece of lead from his person, the five pieces he dropped, they were cut into small pieces. He went down on his knees and begged for mercy.


                  THOMAS 
                  POPE
               



            ; examined by Mr. Knapp. You were superintending the work of his majesty's mint. A. Yes.
Q. You are responsible for the whole. - A. Yes.
Q. Did you in consequence of information that you received, observe afterwards where the lead was taken from. - A. Yes.
Q. Did there appear that there had been a quantity of lead affixed cut. - A. It had been drawn out of the wall; it was one of the gutters of the principal building, and some lead had been taken away.
Q. Afterwards did you see some lead produced. - A. Yes, it is here in small pieces of five or six pounds.
Court. How did they appear to be taken off. - A. It was drawn out of the plant of the wall; it was new lead, and the pieces are new lead.
Mr. Knapp. I do not now ask you whether you can swear to the identity of the lead, but all the lead that was on that building was under your charge. - They are, the whole is under my charge.
Court. Was the lead affixed in this case as it is in all others. - A. Yes, it is.
Prisoner's Defence. I was a scaffolder at the mint
; I went upon the flat to get me a brace for the scaffold, there I saw this lead lay, I took it up, says I, I do not know how this came here; I chucked it down below, and when I came to the gate I was thinking of giving it into the gatehouse, but in going out of an evening the place is so crowded I could not get into the house. Mr. Wood stopped me with this lead; and immediately he charged me with it, I gave it him.



               GUILTY
            , aged 42
         




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
