





116. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of January
, forty-six pound weight of cheese, value 1 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hems
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MEREDITH
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Hems, cheesemonger
, Bishopsgate street


. On the 7th of this month, about half past six in the evening, a man and woman came into the shop, and the prisoner followed behind; he stood behind the man and woman for a little time, and looked over their shoulders to the person that was serving them. I stood at a short distance from him and looked at him all the time, from the first of his coming into the shop till I saw him take two cheeses under his arm; he went out of the door with them; before he went out of the door, I called out that man has got the cheeses, stop thief. They never turned their heads. or else they could have stopped him before he had got out. I run out of the shop after him, I saw him turn to the right, he turned up a court, there he dropped the cheeses, both of them. He ran out again immediately, ran across the road, turned to the left hand, and was taken at a short distance.
Q. Are you sure that is the man. - A. I am certain of it, I never took my eyes off him from the time that he came into the shop till the time he took the cheeses.


                  GEORGE 
                  HOLT
               



            . Q. What are you. - A. My father keeps a public house. I found the cheeses up a court by the water spout. When the prisoner came by the house then I ran out, I see a man hold out his arms, and he caught him.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was a going to Mr. Dixon's in Cheapside, that I work for, I called into the Flower pot, Bishopsgate street, there was a young man in there that told me that there was a shop in Threadneedle street where he could get a cheese for nothing, and if I would go with him I should have half of it. There was a call out when I got to Threadneedle street of Stop thief, and a man stopped me and said I was the thief.



               GUILTY
            , aged 44.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
