





527. 
               
                  
                     TIMOTHY 
                     COAKLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of July
, a metal watch, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Morley
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MORLEY
               



             sworn. I sharpen saws
, I live at No. 11, King's-head court, Blue Anchor alley, Bunhill row


. I cannot exactly tell the day I lost my watch, it was some time in July, I lost it out a my workshop up two pair of stairs.
Q. Why do you accuse this man of having stolenit. - A. He brought me a saw to sharpen, he left it, he came again for it, it was not done, he came again for it and it was done; he did not take it away. He came again one morning between eight and nine o'clock, and paid me for it. I was called down to breakfast, we went down together, the prisoner going first; there is a passage goes along to my door, he pretended going along that passage, he watched me going down another flight of stairs to breakfast, I went down them stairs, he returned back again in about three minutes after he came down. We did not see him go up, we heard him come down a few of the stairs; my wife says to me, there is a man going in our house. Then we saw him come from the steps by the kitchen window; I pursued after him, but having my slippers on, I could make no ground, I returned back again, went up stairs and missed my watch.
Q. Had you seen it before you went down to breakfast. - A. Yes, it hung before me.
Prisoner. I was never in that man's place in my life.
Prosecutor. I know the man very well, he was the last man in the place.


                  GEORGE 
                  YOUNG
               



             sworn. I am a pawnbroker, I live with Mr. Barker, No. 91, Hounsditch, I took in the watch on the 29th of August, it was pledged for 9 s. in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Watkins
               



            . I have not the least knowledge of the prisoner.


                  ROBERT 
                  STANTON
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton-Garden, I had the prisoner in my custody on the 2d of September, and on the 4th I received information that he had left some duplicates with Mrs. Barret, he lodged with her on Saffron Hill. I found three duplicates, there is one a duplicate of the watch pledged at Barker's in Hounsditch, in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Watkins
               



            ; that was delivered to me by Mrs. Barret.


                  JANE 
                  BARRET
               



             sworn. I can neither read nor write.
Q. Did you receive a paper of that kind. - A. I had two duplicates, I gave them to Mr. Stanton.
Q. These duplicates that you gave to Stanton, from whom did you receive them of. - A. This man, his wife, and sister, came to lodge at my house, they staid at my house a week. I was cleaning up the place after they were gone, at ten o'clock the prisoner at the bar came to my house (they had slept there the over night) while I was cleaning, I found these duplicates, I do not know who left them.
The watch produced and identified by the prosecutor.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
