





405. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE-BENTLEY 
                     HARVEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 21st of April
, about the hour of eight in the night, being in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Blair
                     



                  , feloniously did steal a silver pint mug, value 2l. a silver pap-boat, value 10s. even silver tea-spoons, value 7s. and various other articles, the property of 
                     
                        Elizabeth Ann 
                        Stewart
                     



                  ; and that he, being in the said dwelling house afterwards, about the hour of eight in the night, of one said 21st of April, feloniously and burglariously did break and get out of the same
            .
Second Count. Charging it to be the dwelling-house of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Adams
                  



               
            . And
Third Count. Charging it to be the dwelling-house of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Mears
               



            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)
Mrs. ELIZABETH-
               
                  ANN 
                  STEWART
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q.Do you live in Russell-street? - A. I am a widow
, and live at No. 62, Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury


; I pay my brother for the use of apartments in his house; I had a servant of the name of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Harvey
               



            , and the prisoner used to visit her as her brother, with my consent: On the 23d of April, a little after seven o'clock, I left my apartments, in which there was a press, which I left locked; I returned a little after eight, and, soon after nine, I observed a man, from the drawing-room window, going out at the door; I did not know any man was in the house at that time.
Q.Had 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Harvey
               



             returned before you saw the man go out? - A. No, she had not; a short time afterwards, Mr. Blair sent his compliments, and informed me I was robbed; and that, if he could be of any service, he would; I went to my press, which stood in my bed-room, and found it broke open; I missed twelve silver tea-spoons, a pap-boat, a pair of silver candlesticks, a dressing-case, a silver pint pot, and a black cloak, trimmed with lace; there were things to a considerable amount in the dressing-case, but I recovered all the articles back.
Court. Q.Do you know whether the housedoor was fastened? - A. I do not; but am positive the press-door was locked.
ANN-
               
                  MARIA 
                  JONES
               



             sworn. - Q.Are you servant to Mr. Adams? - A. I am: I saw the prisoner at the house, on the 21st of April, about eight o'clock, before Mrs. Steward came back; I left him in, and thought he was Mrs. Harvey's brother; he went down into the kitchen, and asked me where his sister was; I said, she was out; then he went into a passion; I told him she was gone to shew her little brother the way home, and he immediately went out of the house; I saw him in the house again about twenty minutes after, which was before Mrs. Stewart came in; I left him in the house while I went to Mr. Blair's, about five or six doors off; Mr. Adams and his father were in the house; while I was at Mr. Blair's, which might be a quartar of an hour, there was a cry of stop thief, and I heard the rattles spring; when I let the prisoner in, he had on a brown coat, for I was particular in looking at him while he was cleaning the knives, and I observed a large hole under his arm, and a button-hole torn quite out; I have seen the coat since, and am sure it is the same.


                  GEORGE 
                  POLLARD
               



             sworn. - On the 21st of April, I let the prisoner in, about half past eight, about twenty minutes before the alarm of the robbery, and I have seen the coat, and am sure it was the same he had on.



                  WILLIAM 
                  DOLLMAN
               



             sworn. - I am a shoemaker, and live at No. 16, Colville-court, Rathbone-place: On the 21st of April, about a quarter before nine, I was going home through Great Russell-street, and heard the watchman spring his rattle, and call stop thief; I could not discern the prisoner, but I run into the middle of the street, and he run towards me; he had something with him, upon which I attempted to stop him, he struck at me, and knocked me down; on recovering the blow, I run after him again, as I had not lost sight of him, and I saw him throw from him a silk cloak, a silver pap-boat, and a crape cap, which I picked up, not two yards from the place where he threw them away, I did not see him throw any thing else away; he had no coat or shoes on when he came up to me; Ryley and I secured him, and, when we got him as far as Hart-street, he drew a knife upon us, which the watchman knocked out of his hand; after the charge was given, I picked up four silver tea-spoons in Russell-street, which I suppose he had dropped in running; I gave the things I picked up to the constable, and know them to be the same.


                  LAWRENCE 
                  RYLEY
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman, and stand in Little Russell-street: On the 21st of April, about nine at night, I heard the cry of stop thief.
Q.Who raised the cry? - A.
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Harvey
               



            , the prisoner's wife; I saw a man run across, and four or five running after him; the man was in a singular dress; he was without a shirt; and dropped his shoes in one place, and his stockings in another; and, a little distance from me, after he passed me, I found a coat, which I have kept ever since; I searched the pockets at the watch-house, and there was a silver pint pot, silver tea-spoons, a tinder-box, steel, and matches; I followed him, and found him in the hands of Dollman, and another; I asked him if that was his coat, and he denied it; 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Harvey
               



            , his wife, came to the watch-house with an apron full of things, which she found in a coach-yard in Russell-street, which was no thoroughfare; she told us this in his hearing, but he said nothing.
(The coat and the different articles produced, all of which were identified.)
Prisoner's defence. I went on the evening of the 21st, to see my wife, and she was not at home; I went out, and endeavoured to meet her, but could not; I returned again, and cleaned the knives; I then thought it time for me to go, and, just as I got to the corner of the streets, I observed my wife talking with a man; I crossed the way, and think she saw me; I asked her what she was doing there; she said, what's that to you; I was so enraged, that I gave her a slap of the face; the man run away, and I followed him up towards Bloomsbury-square; when that man stopped me, I took him to be the person I saw with my wife, and struck him; in the scuffle I fell myself, and by that means was taken. My wife had the things; I know nothing of them; there was nothing found upon me.
GUILTY, aged 21.
Of 


               stealing, but not of the burglary
            .
The Court immediately pronounced sentence of 


               Transportation for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
