





65. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MAYON
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he being servant to 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Goding
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Goding
                        



                     
                  , that he being such servant was employed and entrusted to receive money for them; on the 25th of July
 did receive and take into his possession, the sum of 5 s. on account of his said masters, and that he did feloniously embezle, secrete, and steal the same
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Alley.


                  JOHN 
                  YOUDALL
               



            ; examined by Mr. Alley. You are a clerk to Messrs. Godings; what are their names. - A. Thomas and 
               
                  James 
                  Goding
               



            ; they carry on the Cannon brewery, at Knightsbridge

.
Q. Have you got your books in which you have the entry of the beer delivered to the prisoner on the 25th of July. - A. Yes; the prisoner was drayman
.
Q. Was the entry that you have in the book your own hand writing. - A. It is the original. He had ten casks of beer, eight kilderkins, and two firkins of table beer, that were to be delivered to different customers.
Q. When he returned in the evening did he give you an account how he had disposed of that beer. - A. He delivered to Mr. Richardson of Kensington, two kilderkins, one kilderkin to Mr. Taylor of Holland street, Kensington, one kilderkin to Mr. King of Holland street, Kensington, one kilderkin to Mr. Martin of the Gravel Pits, one kilderkin to Mr. Sinclair, North End, Mr. Recorder of Phillimore place, one firkin, colonel Calvert one kilderkin, 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Maria
               



             a kilderkin, Duchess of Glocester a firkin.
Q. Does there appear any account of a cask delivered to Mr. Freeman. - A. By no means.
Q. Has he ever given to you any sum of money as money received from Mr. Freeman, on the 25th of July. - A. He has not.
Q. What was the price of a nine gallon cask. - A. Five shillings.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney.
Q. Are the Messrs. Godings here. - A. I believe not.
Q. Do either of them take any part of the business. - A. They frequently attend and give orders, they are sometimes in the accompting house; I am the only person that ever wrote in this book.
Q. I ask you do either of them attend the accompting house, to transact business. - A. Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Goding
               



             examines my cash-book; I am the only accompting house clerk, there are other clerks that attend occasionally; I keep the whole cash account, and I book the drayman's load.
Q. You have no memory at all of that day distinct from any other day. - A. I have not.
Q. After you have written it you do not read it over to him. - A. No, I take the names from him at once or twice calling over.
Q. Therefore if he gives you one name and you write another, a mistake might happen to the best of men. - A. Certainly.
Q. After you have wrote it he does not look it over. - A. He may if he likes.
Q. In point of fact he does not look it over. - A. No, he does not take the time, he signs his name without.


                  JOSHUA 
                  FREEMAN
               



            ; examined by Mr. Alley. On the 25th of July last, did you pay the prisoner five shillings on account of his master. - A. I did, here is the receipt, I saw him sign it.
(The receipt read in court.)
Prisoner's Defence. All the money I received for the beer I paid into the accompting house; what beer I delivered every day, I took it at night, or else in the morning, I never saw the account, why not let me sign the account as well as the beer.
Q. (to Youdall) Did you ever receive the money for that beer. - A. Never.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
