





433. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     DEOCHEAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 31st of July
, a silver watch, value 20 s. a silver seal, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Zenik
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  ZENIK
               



             sworn. On the 31st of July last I was walking in New Gravel lane, between nine and ten o'clock at night, the prisoner asked me to go along with her, I went with her to No. 6, Elbow lane


, I staid with her about a quarter of an hour, I gave her two shillings in silver; afterwards she drew my watch out of my waistcoat pocket.
Q. Did you perceive her draw the watch out of your waistcoat pocket. - A. Yes, then she took the candle and ran down stairs, and left me in the dark, I did not see her again that night.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  COLLINS
               



             sworn. My husband is a seafaring man, I am a tambour worker; the prisoner asked me to pledge the watch for her, she said the watch was left in her care; I pledged it and gave the money and the ticket.
- sworn. I am assistant to Mr. Windsor, pawnbroker. On the first of August 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Collins
               



             pledged this watch, I advanced twenty-eight shillings on it, I produce it.
(The watch identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was taking a walk in Ratcliffe Highway, he asked me to let him take a walk home with me, he gave me two shillings to get something to drink, he asked what he should give me to be with me some time, he said he had no more money, he would leave me his watch till the morning; after he was gone down stairs I took the candle, I saw the watch lay on a chair, and when I got down stairs he was gone out of the house; I did not hear any thing of his coming back in the mornning, I made free with it, I got that woman to pledge it.




               GUILTY
            , aged 27.

Of stealing only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Sutton
               



            .
