





99. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     WARREN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William-Sackville 
                        Turner
                     



                  , about the hour of twelve in the night of the 3d of December
, and burglariously stealing a waistcoat, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Noble
                        



                     
                  ; and a hydrometer, value 40s. six guineas, twenty-one shillings, and fourteen hundred and forty halfpence
            , the property of the said William-Sackville Turner.(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  JOSEPH 
                  NOBE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You are clerk
 to Mr. William-Sackville Turner? - A. I am.

Q. 
            What is Mr. Turner? - A. A brewer
, at Bow, opposite the church, in the parish of St. Mary, Stratford, Bow: On Thursday the 3d of December, I left the accompting-house about three o'clock in the afternoon, and did not return till between six and seven o'clock the next morning; I left my desk locked, it contained a quantity of writing-paper, a waistcoat, and eight pennyworth of halfpence; when I returned to the accompting-house in the morning, I went to the dwelling-house to get the key of the accompting-house door; I found the door locked, I found the stool removed; I then opened the desk, and found all my papers thrown about.
Q. Did you find your desk locked? - A. I did; I missed the halfpence, but did not miss the waistcoat till after the officer had found it; I then looked at Mr. Turner's desk, and saw that open; I found the lock had been wrenched clear off; I missed a hydrometer from his desk; I did not examine it any further, but sent for Mr. Turner; it was about a week after, that I saw the waistcoat in possession of the officer.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. How is this accompting-house situated - does it adjoin the house? - A. Yes; the house and accompting-house is all enclosed in one yard, you go out of Mr. Turner's house into the accompting-house.
WILLIAM-SACKVILLE TURNER sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys Q. You are a brewer, at Bow? - A. I am; on Thursday the 3d of December, I left my accompting-house about four o'clock; I left my desk locked, it contained six guineas in gold, to the amount of a guinea in silver, a bag of bad copper, a bag of good copper, halfpence and penny-pieces, some writing-paper, and a hydrometer, and there were about fifty shillingsworth of halfpence on the desk, not locked up; they were tied up in five shillingsworths, except two, which I believe were half-crown papers; the accompting-house is usually locked up about seven or eight o'clock, and the key brought to the house by one of my servants; the next morning, Friday the 4th, I was alarmed that the accompting-house had been broke open; I found the slap torn from the staple, and missed the articles I have mentioned.
Q. How is your house situated? - A. The accompting-house is under a separate roof, but it adjoins the wash-house within two or three yards of the dwelling-house; it is in the brewhouse yard, behind the dwelling-house, it is enclosed in the same yard with the dwelling-house; and the outer gates locked.
Mr. Alley. Q. Is there any wall that separates the dwelling-house from the accompting-house? - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You are an officer belonging to Lambeth-street? - A. I am: On Friday the 4th of December, about four o'clock in the afternoon, we went to Pritchard's house; while we were waiting for him, the wife of the prisoner came in, she called herself his wife; she was searched, and in her pocket was found a large key.
Q. Did you go with her to the prisoner's house? - A. Yes: Coomes and I went with her to No. 2, Ponderson's-place, Bethnal-green Road; she unlocked the door and got a light; it was between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, there are but two rooms in the house; in the bed-room I found a waistcoat, (producing it;) lapped up with other things, in the end of the curtain; in the other room, I found these halfpence tied up in a very large bason, like a wash-hand bason; there was a large quantity of bad halfpence, which we left behind, to the amount of about a dozen or fourteen shillingsworth; the prisoner was at that time in custody at the office; on the Tuesday following, we went to the prisoner's house a second time, and searched the necessary; I saw Coomes put his hand underneath the seat, and take out a parcel tied up in a white cloth.
Court. 
               Q. 
            Was it to be seen by any body that went in? - A. No, not without you put your head down to the hole; and in that cloth we found a quantity of picklock keys, a bad half-guinea, a bad dollar, and some bad silver; I then went to Mr. Turner's brewhouse, at Bow; I found this latch key opened the wicket, in the large gates going into the yard, and this picklock key opened the accompting-house door. (Produces them).
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. A person stooping down in the necessary to buckle his shoe, might have seen this parcel? - A. No, they could not.
Q. This privy is so situated, that Pritchard, or any body else going past, might have gone into it? - A. It is in a garden, any body might have gone in.
JOHN KNOWLAND sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Did you go with Griffiths to the prisoner's house? - A. Yes, I went with Coomes on Saturday the 5th of December, the prisoner was in custody on the Friday; upon searching a chest of drawers, I found some writing-paper, and this paper I found with the sheets torn right in too, in a hat-box.
Mr. Alley. 
               Q. 
            Pritchard was not in custody when you found the paper? - A. No.
ROBERT COOMES sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Did you apprehend the prisoner? - A. I did, on Friday, about one o'clock in the day.

Q. 
            Was that before the wife was taken? - A. Yes, it was; I took him at the Fir-tree public-house, Church-lane, Whitechapel, upon another charge; I was with Griffiths when he found the waistcoat and other things, with the curtain twisted round them, so as to conceal them from sight; I afterwards found the picklock-keys under the seat of the privy; we took Pritchard on the Tuesday morning following, the 8th.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. 
               Q. 
            Persons coming in would have observed these things sooner than if the curtains had been hanging down? - A. Certainly, if we had not pulled the curtain down, we should not have seen them.
Q. It was from Pritchard's information that you found the keys? - 
               A. 
            Undoubtedly.
Mr. Noble I am sure this is the waistcoat I left locked up in the desk.

Mr. Turner. This paper of halfpence I think I recollect, the packages had laid upon my desk three or four days, and I had seen them many times, it is a half-crown paper; I had about half a dozen quire of this sort of writing-paper in my desk, and half a dozen quire of letter paper.
BENJAMIN PRITCHARD sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. How long have you known the prisoner? - A. I suppose twenty years; I have known him from a boy, he lived in Ponderson's-place, Bethnal-green Road.
Q. Tell us all you know of the robbery of Mr. Turner? - 
               A. 
            About three o'clock in the morning, the prisoner and myself went to Mr. Turner's gates, I opened the wicket gate with a latch thing, and went into the yard.
Q. Do you see that latch thing there? - A. Yes, this is it; then the prisoner unlocked the accompting-house door with this key; then we got a light by a bottle of phosphorus, which the prisoner had, then we broke open the desks with this (a screwdriver;) we took out of one desk this waistcoat, some paper, and some few halfpence; out of the other desk, we took six guineas in gold, some silver and some bad halfpence in a little bag; we took some halfpence tied up in paper off the desk; then we brought out a little box with something in it that brewers use, like a weather-glass.
Court. (To Turner.) Q. What is the use of the hydrometer in your business? - A. To ascertain the gravity of the wort.
Pritchard. We were about a quarter of an hour about it; the prisoner locked the door again, and we came out at the gate, the gate shuts of itself; then we went to Bow-fair-field, and the prisoner put on this waistcoat; we took the money to the prisoner's house, some we left there, and some I carried home; he left the waistcoat at his house, and then went home with me; it was then, I suppose, between four and five o'clock.
Q. When were you taken? - A. On the Tuesday following.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. When you went to this house, there was nobody in company with you but the prisoner? - A. No.

Q. 
            Where is your son now? - A. I do not know, he has been from me these three years.
Q. You divided the property fairly, I suppose? - A. We divided the money fair.

Q. 
            And the paper as well as every thing else? - A. I don't recollect what we did with the paper, I believe some of it was left at my house.
Q. What became of the picklock-keys; he left them at his house.

Q. 
            And the phosphorus box? - A. No, that was left at my house.
Q. You said the prisoner had it? - A. Yes, he gave it to me in the accompting-house to get a light, and then I put it in my pocket, and brought it home.
Q. What time did the prisoner leave you? - A. About five o'clock, or a little after.

Q. 
            Had you any person living in the house with you, besides your wife and family? - A. No.
Q. Is your wife here? - A. No.
Q. She must have seen the prisoner, if he came to your house that morning? - A. No, she was not up, I had the key.
Q. Have vyou any vchildren grown up? - A. Yes.
Q. And there is nobody here to say he was with you that morning? - A. No.
Q. The prisoner was taken up before you? - A. Yes.
Q. I must not ask you if you put these keys in the privy after he was taken up, but you know this privy very well? - A. Yes; but I never was in that quarter after he was taken up.

Q. 
            Have you ever been accused of having keys of this sort about you? - A. At Stafford, fourteen or fifteen years ago, I was tried for an assault.

Q. 
            Were you not tried at Stafford as a vagrant, having false keys about you? - A. No.

Q. 
            Where have you been tried besides Stafford? - A. At Coventry.
Q. Were you ever a witness in this Court before yesterday? - A. Yes; you examined me before about this time twelvemonth about some notes of the Bank.

Q. 
            Against whom? - A. A man of the name of Wooldridge.
Q. You turned evidence then, as you do now, to save your own life? - A. They sent for me to Whitechapel office, and I told the truth.
Q. You have had sufficient experience to know that the evidence of an accomplice requires some additional support? - A. I don't understand you.
Q. Did not you know it was necessary, in order to corroborate your story, that that waistcoat should be left at the house of the prisoner? - A. I cannot tell what you mean.
Prisoner's defence. Pritchard gave me this waistcoat to go to the Bank in, to get change for a note; I am as innocent as the child unborn; Pritchard has done this to clear himself and his son, and I will take care never to have any thing to do with such a man again; I don't know where the brewhouse is, as God is my Judge; he has brought up his own son in the same way; his son was detected in carrying false keys to him while he was in jail, to let him out.
The prisoner called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY of stealing the waistcoat, but not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
