






150. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     STOKES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 5th of January
, a copper can, value 18 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Deady
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Henley
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CULLUM
               



            . I live with Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Deady
               



             and John Henley, distillers

, of Tottenham Court road. On the 5th of January I was out with the waggon in White Hart-yard, Drury-lane


; I saw the prisoner take the can out of the waggon myself; it was between five and six o'clock in the evening; I followed him and catched hold of him; he dropped it; I told him I saw him take it out of Mr. Deady's waggon, and insisted on his going back with me to where the wag gon stood in White Hart-yard; he refused; and by a hit of a scuffle with him I brought him back, delivered him into my fellow servant's hands, and we went to Bow-street for an officer.
Q. Are you sure this is the man that you saw take it out of the waggon. - A. Yes.


                  THOMAS 
                  LIMERICK
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. I was sent for into White Hart-yard. As soon as I went into the room the prisoner Stokes was delivered to me, and two cans. Cullom said he could not take upon him to say which can it was.
Q. to Cullom. Which can was it. - A. I could not say, after they were put in the waggon; it was one of them, we had them both out; they are both my master's property I am sure he took one out of the two.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going by, when the first witness laid hold of me and said I had stole the can. - I know nothing of it. There was a man run on before me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
