





827. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     MURPHY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of September
, a straw bonnet, value 21s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Maine
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Henrietta 
                           Wooster
                        



                     
                  , privately in their shop
            .
ELIZABETH MILLER sworn. - I attend in Mr. Maine's shop, in Middle-row


: On the 7th of September, between five and six o'clock, it being light, the prisoner came into the shop, and asked for a yard of twist, which I served her, it was 3d. a yard; she laid a shilling down, and said, she was going further, and would return in a minute or two, that was while I was measuring it; she returned in a minute or two, and I gave her the change and the twist, and she went away; in about a minute or two afterwards Mr. Maine came in and missed a bonnet from the corner of the window; it was a very fine straw bonnet, I saw it not long before; there was more than one bonnet, and I missed it because there was the place where it had lain; no other person had been in the shop to my knowledge; we did not see the bonnet again till she came by with it on her head; she never came to the shop afterwards.


                  JAMES 
                  MAINE
               



             sworn. - I put the bonnet in the window about ten o'clock, and there were others in the window of the same shape; I have know the prisoner near twelve months, she used to come for yards of twist; the shilling was brought up to me to give change; I was informed of the robbery, and ran into the street, but saw nothing of her: On the 26th of September I was standing in the shop, and saw her go by with the bonnet on her head; I ran out, and tapped her on the shoulder; I asked her to come back, she said she would bye and bye, for she was going further; I said, a person wished to speak with her, and she must come back; at last I got her back; Mrs. Wooster asked her where she got the bonnet; she said she bought it and paid for it of a person standing in the Borough, but had had it turned, I sent for an officer, and took her to Hatton Garden; I know the bonnet, because we had half a dozen of the same sort, shape, and make, but the rest we sold.
Inward. I apprehended the prisoner, and found the bonnet on her head. (The bonnet was identified).
Prisoner's defence. I went into the Borough, and bought it of a Jew woman I met, she had three or four bonnets to sell; I asked her the price; she asked thirteen shillings; I offered ten shillings; she took it, and it was then as it is now. I was passing the shop, and was stopped; but Mr. Maine said, if I would give him a guinea, he would let me go; I said, I had not got one, and he bid me pawn my cloak.
Maine. I never said so, I should be ashamed of it GUILTY, aged 19.
Of 


               stealing goods, value 4s. 9d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
