





515. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of July
, a silver watch, value 50s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Baughan
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house
             of Peter Green.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BAUGHAN
               



             sworn. - Last Thursday was a week, on the 3d of July, I went into the Red Lion in Old Gravel-lane


, to get some refreshment for my wife and myself, about two o'clock in the afternoon; I had never been in the house before.
Q. What are you? - A. A Serjeant in the 27th regiment
: The prisoner Jones and two more men followed me into the house, and placed themselves in the opposite box to me and my wife; I was going that day to join the regiment; my wife asked me what o'clock it was; I gave her my watch to wind up, and she put it on the table; I was told by another man in the house, that the prisoner took the watch and walked away with it; I did not see him take it; I followed the prisoner, and found him on Green-bank, about a quarter of a mile from the house; he was walking very slowly, but onsight of me he was in a hurry; I went up to him and charged him with the watch.
Q. Have you seen the watch since? - A. Yes; I had it from Elizabeth Barlow; I delivered the watch up to Perry, the officer; I saw the watch at the Thames office; the maker's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Curtis
               



             No. 1037.
Q.Is your wife here? - A. No, she is ill.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BARLOW
               



             sworn - I live at No. 5, Lower Well-alley, St. George's; I heard a great noise; I ran out to see what was the matter, and there was a bustle; they said a man had stole a watch, and that the watch was upon my stairs; I went up stairs, and there was a broken pan upon the landing-place, and between the pieces of the pan I found the watch; I delivered it to the Serjeant at my own door.
Q.(To Baughan.) Did you take the prisoner in custody near the place where the woman gave you the watch? - A. Yes, within a very few yards.


                  JAMES 
                  YORK
               



             sworn. - I am servant to a tallowchandler, on Green-bank, Wapping; I was sitting at my master's door; I saw the prisoner and another man in company with him, pass by the door; I saw the prisoner take a silver watch out of his pocket; the prisoner turned round the corner of Lower Well-alley, and delivered the watch to the man that was in company with him; I saw that it was a silver watch; the man went into a house, No. 5, Lower Well-alley, and went up stairs with the watch in his hand; he came down stairs again, and told the prisoner to make off, or some such words; Mrs. Barlow came out to know what was the matter, I told her there was a watch supposed to be dropped upon her stairs; I fetched the serjeant to receive his watch from the old lady.
Prisoner. In what manner did I give it to the other man? - A. He had a blue coat on, and he took it out of his coat pocket.


                  RICHARD 
                  PERRY
               



             sworn - I am an officer belonging to the Marine Police-office, Wapping: On Thursday, the 3d of July, I was sent for to apprehend the prisoner; the serjeant gave me charge of him, for robbing him of his watch; (produces the watch;) I received it from the serjeant.
Baughan. This is my watch.
Prisoner's defence. The serjeant pulled out his watch, and said he had bought it that day or the day before, and he was handing it about to shew what a cheap watch he had bought; but I never had it in my hand at all; he went out backwards, and when he came back he said I had got his watch.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY of stealing goods, value 39s.
            





               TRANSPORTED for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
