





847. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of September
, a pocket-book, value 5s. and a silver pencil case, value 3s. the property of 
                     
                        Solomon 
                        Arden
                     




                  , privily from his person
            .


                  SOLOMON 
                  ARDEN
               



             sworn. - I am a baker
, and live in Redcross-street: On Monday, the 28th of September, coming down Barbican, some person touched my pocket; I turned sharp round, and saw the prisoner turn back, and look it to a shopwindow; I felt in my pocket, and found every thing safe; I walked on till I came to Redcross-street, and crossed over to my own door; I then saw the prisoner on the other side of the way, walking down quite fast; I immediately felt in my pocket, and found I had lost my pocket-book and silver pencil-case, value eight shillings; I followed the prisoner, and saw him luck something under the left side of his coat, and button it up; there was the print of a book; I immediately cried, stop thief, when he set off, and run two or three yards; he then put his hand to his left side, and threw the book upon the ground; I ran after him, secured him, and brought him to my house, and sent for a constable; Clifton picked up the book, and brought it into the shop.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. I understood you to say, you suspected somebody was about your pocket? - A. I did; but I was not certain whether he run against it; I felt something hit my pocket, whether it was an attempt to take it out, I cannot say, but the book was safe.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLIFTON
               



             sworn. - I am a brewer's servant; I saw nothing of it, I only picked up the book. (The book produced and identified).(The prisoner's defence was read to the following purport;)
That he was innocent of the charge; that he was not on that side of the way, which he should have been able to prove, if the trial had been postponed; that, as he was walking along, he observed two men cross from the opposite side of the way, and, upon the cry of stop thief, one dropped the book, and walked off; that he always had maintained a good character, and been entrusted with great property; that he was of respectable family, and had no occasion to have recourse to such means to gratify any wish he might form.
GUILTY, aged 21.




               Of stealing goods to the value of 10d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
