






96. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HUGHES
                  





               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HOWSTER
                  




               
             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of December

, a quart pewter pot, value 20 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Kiddy
                  



               
            ; and the other for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to have been stolen
            .
JOSEPH KIDDY sworn. - I keep the Two Sugar Loaves, Queen-street, Drury-lane





: On the 4th of December, between seven and eight o'clock, the prisoner, Hughes, was drinking in my house; he went away in about half an hour, and in about twenty minutes, or half an hour after, the pot was missing; my wife went out after him, and the servant with her; they brought the prisoner into the house, I accused him of stealing the pot; he stood sometime, but did not say any thing; the first he said was, on conditions, on conditions. I then sent him to the watch-house, and very soon after, the watchman came in; he pulled sixpence out of his mouth, and said, he had sold the pot for that; I asked him where he had sold it; he said, in Lewkner's-lane, which is now called Charles-street



; he said, he would shew the watchman where the place was; we went with him, and he kept us walking backwards and forwards, and would not inform us of the place; we took him to the watch-house, and the constable of the night asked him what kind of woman it was he had sold the pot to, and he said, he thought he could find her; I went with the constable of the night, and the prisoner went likewise, and he then took us to the house; we knocked at the door, it was not fast, and we shoved it open; it was then about twenty minutes past ten o'clock; the constable and the watchman went up stairs with a lantern, and knocked at the door; the prisoner, Howster, came down stairs; the constable said to Hughes, is this the woman you sold the pot to, and he said, yes, that is the woman I sold the pot to for sixpence; she declared to God she had never seen the man in her life; then the constable asked her where the pot was; she seemed quite confused, and at last asked for the keys of the shop; the constable went in with her, and found my quart pot amongst others; we then took them both to the watch-house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COMBES
               



             sworn. - I was in Mr. Kiddy's house when the pot was missing: I saw Hughes in the tap-room, and he said he had sold it for sixpence; I went with him to the watch-house; he said he had sold it in Charles-street, at an iron-shop; we went to find it out; we went up and down Charles-street three times, and he pretended he could not find it out; then we took him to the watch-house; he then described her as a short thick woman; the constable knew something of her, and we all went to Lewkner's-lane together, the sixpence was deposited in my hands; when we went to the house, we knocked at the door, Mrs. Howster came down; at first, she made an excuse, and then she opened the shop-door, and we found the pot in the shop.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BENTLEY
               



             sworn. - I was constable of the night: On Sunday evening, the 4th of December, about half past ten o'clock, the prisoner, Hughes, was brought into the watch-house by the watchman, Mr. Kiddy, and 
               
                  William 
                  Combes
               



            , charged with stealing a quart pot; I asked Kiddy if he saw the prisoner take the pot; he said he had not, but that he had confessed he had sold the pot to a woman in Lewkner's-lane; I asked him what he had sold it for; he told me he had sold it for sixpence, and he was distressed, or he would not have done so; I asked him if he should know theperson, if he saw her; he said he should, it was down at the lower end of the street; I suspected then where the pot was; I immediately went with the prosecutor, the watchman, Combes, and the prisoner; the door was just put too; I pushed it open, it was not latched; I then called, hoy; some woman answered from the top of the stairs; I heard a little bustle, I desired the watchman to put his lantern behind him, and follow me up; Howster and another woman were in the room, they seemed to be in the act of undressing; she had her gown and shawl off, the other woman had her stays off; the prisoner, Howster, keeps the shop, as I have always understood; I told her I wanted her down stairs, she seemed surprized, and asked if any thing was amiss; I told her to come down stairs, she came down into the passage with me; I asked Hughes if that was the woman who had bought the pot, and given him sixpence for it, and he said it was, three or four times over, and he would swear it; she replied, I don't know any thing of you, I never saw you in my life; I told her I must be under the necessity of looking for the pot; she called for the keys, took me into a room backwards, and then into another room; she stooped down by the side of the door, and said, is this the pot; I said, yes, that is the pot, (Produces 
it); the prosecutor immediately claimed it.
(The pot was identified by the prosecutor.)
Hughes's defence. I did not steal the pot.
Howster's defence. I never saw the man, nor the pot.
For the prisoner.


                  ANN 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - Q. What are you? - A. A chairwoman.
Q. Where do you live? - A. At Mr. Cooke's, a broker, in Charles-street, I live in one of his back rooms: On the Sunday night, about six weeks ago, I was nursing a lodger in the house; I went into the yard for a pitcher of water, and found a quart pot lying in the yard, the water-tub is sunk in the ground; it was about half past nine o'clock at night; I picked it up, and said, here is one of Mr. Lee's pots; I thought it belonged to the publican over the way, and I put it down in the passage.
Q. You did not look to see whose pot it was? - A: No; I supposed some of the lodgers had taken it to get water in it.
Q. Were you in the prisoner's room when the constable came? - A. No.
Q. Had it a spout? - A. I don't recollect.


                  JOHN 
                  FERGUSON
               



             sworn. - I came down between eight and nine o'clock at night, and saw 
               
                  Ann 
                  Smith
               



             coming out of the yard with a quart pot in her hand; she said, somebody had left a pot of Mr. Lee's in the yard, and she put it into the passage in Mrs. Howster's back place.
Prosecutor. There was a pot of Mr. Lee's there, and he had it.
Hughes, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 43.





               Confined six months in the House of Correction
            , and 



               fined 1 s.
            

Howster, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 48.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
