





644. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     BASHAM
                  



               
             was indicted for that 


               he, being in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Vernon
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of ten in the night of the 30th of July
, feloniously did steal, three coats, value 3l. four jackets, value 20s. three pieces of cloth, value 20s. seven waistcoat pieces, value 30s. four waistcoats, value 30s. a piece of printed cotton, value 2s. a jacket, unmade, value 3s. two pieces of brown linen, value 3s. two yards of corderoy, value 5s. a pair of braces, value 2s. three pair of pantaloons, value 50s. three pair of breeches, value 20s. and two yards of camblet, value 2s. the property of the said William; and afterwards, about the hour of eleven in the night, the said dwelling-house burglariously did break to get out of the same
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  VERNON
               



             sworn. - The prisoner was a servant
 in my house, he slept in a detached adjoining back part of the premises, he had only been in my service from the Friday preceding, (I can swear to the property.)


                  JOHN 
                  STEVENS
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of Bishopsgate-ward-without, on Sunday the 31st of January, about half-past eleven, I went to the Compter with a prisoner, when I came back to the watch-house, the prisoner at the bar was in custody, that was about half-past twelve, at night; I took the prisoner to the Compter, and before I got to Bartholomew-lane, I heard something gingle in his pocket, I enquired what it was, and he said, two keys; I told him, I must have these keys, he said, he would give them to me at the Compter; when we got to the corner of the Bank, he gave us the slip and ran; we pursued him into Coleman-street, and he was taken by the assistance of the watchmen; I took him to the Compter, with the keys; Mr. Vernon has got the keys, he could not get into the premises without them.


                  FRANCIS 
                  BAYLEY
               



             sworn. - Q. What do you know? - A. About half after twelve o'clock at night, the prisoner was coming by the watch-house, and dropped a bundle; the watchman laid hold ofhim, and I took up the bundle; I opened it, and found two or three coats, a gown-piece, and different articles, made and unmade; I asked him, if he was a tailor, he said, he was; he told me, one great-coat was for the coachman, at the Swan, Bishopsgate-street; I said, is it possible your master could trust you with so much property at once, it will take you, I am sure, a month to make them; he dropped them at the door of the watch-house.(The property was identified by Mr. Vernon.)
Mr. Gurney. Q. I believe you had entrusted the prisoner to go to your banker's, and found him faithful so far? - A. Yes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DOWNS
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman of Bishopsgate-within; I saw the prisoner coming past the end of Wormwood-street, at half-past twelve o'clock at night, near the watch-house, he had a green bag upon his shoulder; I asked him where he brought it from; he said, from his master's, that he was a journeyman-tailor; I said, it was very odd he should have such a bundle at so late an hour, and took him into the watch-house; I examined the bag, these are the same articles.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.
GUILTY




               Of stealing goods to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Hotham.
