





324. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GETERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of March
, a silk handkerchief, value 1s. and a silver watch, value 50s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Harriet 
                     Barker
                  




               
            .


                  HARRIET 
                  BARKER
               



             sworn. - I lived, at the time I lost my property, with the Honourable 
               
                  Richard 
                  King
               



            , West Moulsey-lodge, Surrey; on the 13th of March, I came to town to see my friends; I went into the city, and returned towards home about three o'clock in the afternoon: I parted with a friend of mine in Fleet-street, that was between three and four o'clock; I then took a hackneycoach to the Golden-Cross, Charing-cross, because I thought I was rather behind my time.
Q. Was that your only reason for taking a hackney-coach? - A. No.
Q. What state were you in? - A. I was not in a state of sensibility.
Q. You mean that you had drank too much? - A. I do; I was set down at the Golden Cross, Charing-cross; and there I requested of the prisoner at the bar to direct me the way to the White-Horse-Cellar, where the coach went from; he was standing near the gate-way of the Golden-Cross; he was dressed in a white jacket, to the best of my recollection.
Q. Did the stage go from the Golden-Cross? - A. No; I told him I wanted to take the stage to go to Hampton; he agreed to go with me, and I gave him fifteen-pence; I had a bundle, which I desired him to carry: He took me out of the road, but not being acquainted with that part of the town, I could not tell where I was.
Q. Do you now know where he took you to? - A. Yes, to St. James's, near Jermyn-street


.
Q. That is the direct road; what passed then? - A. He told me the Hampton coach was gone.
Q.Where were you when he told you that? -A.Near St. James's Church; I refused to go any further, and he desired to be satisfied.
Q. You had given him fifteen-pence? - A. Yes.
Q. What passed then? - A. He insisted upon having what property I had about me: I put my hand to my pocket, with a view of securing my watch; I had it in my hand, and he snatched it from me; at that moment a young man collared him, his name is Terry; he asked him what he was going to do with me; the prisoner told him I was his sister, and he was going to take care of me to the inn.
Q. You recollect all this, you are sure? - A. Yes; the young man took him into a public-house and sent for a constable; the property was taken from him, and he was taken to Marlborough-street.
Q.Whose watch was this? - A. It was a watch belonging to the Honourable 
               
                  Richard 
                  King
               



            's groom, my fellow-servant; he had lent it me the night before, as I had to get up early: A silk-handkerchief of mine was taken from the prisoner's jacket pocket; I lost it out of my pocket, but did not perceive him take it.
Prisoner. Q.Where was it you gave me the money? - A. I gave it him between Charing-cross and Piccadilly; I gave him one shilling and three-pence.


                  JOHN 
                  TERRY
               



             sworn. - I am a serjeant of the First Regiment of Foot Guards: On the 13th of March, about five o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner and the last witness together; the was hanging on his arm, in Duke street, St. James's; seeing the witness in liquor, and the prisoner with a bundle under his arm, I supposed he might have been robbing her of that bundle, and I turned and watched him; I saw a red silk handkerchief in his hand, beside the bundle; a young man, who has since gone to the Indies, came up and intimated some suspicion; I followed him down Duke-street, and along Jermyn-street, to the wall at St. James's Church; the prisoner stopped; I went as low as the corner. of the wall; I then turned round to watch them again; I observed the prisoner attempting to force his hand into her pocket; I observed her pull a watch out of her pocket; I was too far off to hear what was said; the prisoner snatched it from her; I went up to the prisoner, tapped him on the shoulder, and said, what are you doing with this good woman; he said it was his sister; I said, if it is your sister, why not take her into some house, and not let her stand here to expose herself; as soon as I had said so, the prisoner made a start; I seized him by the collar, took the handkerchief from his right hand jacket-pocket, made him open his left hand, and took the watch, which I had seen him take from this young woman, from his hand; I conveyed him to a public-house, and sent for a constable; I delivered the watch and the handkerchief into the constable's possession.


                  THOMAS 
                  HATTON
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Bird, in Spring Gardens; I was going to Saville-row, and, as I was going up York-street, I saw the prisoner and the young woman with their backs against the wall of St. James's burying-ground, and she was apparently crying; as I went by I saw the prisoner with his hand towards her pocket, between her clothes; she had one hand on each side the pocket, and he was apparently forcing his hand in; he had in his hand something, which appeared to be a red silk handkerchief; I went on to Saville-row; I then went back to Jermyn-street, and went into the public-house where they were; the serjeant told me, in the hearing of the prisoner, that he had taken that handkerchief and watch from him; the constable came, and he was taken to the watch-house.


                  THOMAS 
                  DENIGHT
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I was sent for to the Blackmoor's Head, in Jermyn-street; I found the prisoner and prosecutor, the serjeant, and Hatton, there; I found the watch and handkerchief lying on the table; the prisoner acknowledged he had them from her, but said he had them to take care of.(The property was produced, and identified by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's defence. This woman came to me at Charing-cross, about three o'clock, to go by the Hampton-Court stage, which goes from Charing-cross; I told her it was gone, but it would stop at the White Horse Cellar, to take up more luggage; she desired me to go with her, to shew her the way, and she would satisfy me; I went with her, and when I got to St. James's-street, I saw the stage was gone; she was very much in liquor, and asked me what she was to do; I advised her to go back to the inn, sleep there that night, and go with the coach early in the morning; she came back as far as St. James's Church, in Jermyn-street, and there, she said, she could not walk any further; she put her hand in her right hand pocket, and pulled out a watch and handkerchief; I told her to put them in again; she tried to put them in and could not; then she gave me the watch and handkerchief, to put them into her pocket for her: the serjeant then came up, took me to a public-house, and sent for a constable; I did not say she was my sister; I said I was assisting her.
Q.(To Terry). Did he say he was assisting her, or that she was his sister? - A. He said she was his sister; for I put the question to her - young woman, is this your brother; and she said, no, it is not.
Q. You could not mistake the one expression for the other? - A.No, I am positive he said she was his sister. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
