





654. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CAULFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 22nd of July
, four towels, value 4 s. three handkerchiefs, value 6 s. and three caps value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Pocock
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  WOOD
               



            . I live with Mr. James Pocock he is a carpenter
 at Layton


.
Q. When did you lose these things - A. On Friday morning, July the 22nd, we missed the articles; they were down the meadow, we left them there to bleach


                  SAMUEL 
                  OBERTON
               



            . I am a patrol of Hackney On the 22d of July, about half past four in the morning I saw 
               
                  William 
                  Caulford
               



             coming out of the back lane leading to Clapton church; it was at the end of Clapton fields in Church street; I stopped and asked what he had in his bundle; he said his own thingstook him to the watchhouse and examined the bundle, and found these things; there were more things in the bundle.


                  JAMES 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . Q. You are a constable - A. Yes. I produce the things.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I live in Mile End New Town, I am a calico printer by trade; I have a wife and four children. On the 22nd of July. I set out to go to Waltham abbey, to enquire after work; when I got to Clapton I went over Lee bridge, I saw a bundle lye in the ditch; I picked it up, and returning towards Hackney, I went to the first public house to enquire who they belonged to: but I saw nobody up; I was then stopped; it did not occur to me that they were stolen, else I should not have gone the back way.



               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
