





221. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     GRIFFITHS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of March
, a trunk, value 2 s. a velvet pelisse, value 5 l. a shirt, value 5 s. and a pair of silk stockings, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Buswell
                  




               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Watson.


                  JOHN 
                  BUSWELL
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Watson. On the 27th of March I was coming down Holborn


 in a post chaise, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I received information by a boy; upon which I ordered the driver to stop, I found the man was taken, and that my trunk was in the possession of a person.


                  ROBERT 
                  FIELDING
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Watson. Q. What are you. - A. I am a fisherman.
Q. Were you passing along Holborn on the 27th of March. - A. Yes, about half past seven in the evening; I saw the prisoner and three other men as I was coming along Holborn; there was one on each side of the chaise and two behind: I saw the two that were at the fore part of the chaise, the prisoner and another man at work at the trunk, accordingly they got a little further, and the trunk fell from the chaise.
Q. At the time that you saw the trunk fall, did you see the prisoner there about the trunk. - A. He was in the act of taking it on his shoulder; the other three men lifted up the trunk on this man's shoulder, and when he came to the end of the pavement I catched hold of him with the trunk on his shoulder.
Q. You said you saw him working at it. - A. I saw him trying to loosen it, I asked the prisoner what he was going to do with it, he said what is that to you, it does not belong to you; I was afraid of my life, for fear they should cut my throat, they being all around me; I called out Watch and Stop Thief, and the other three run off; in my scuffle this one got from me, I held fast of the trunk; he got about forty yards from me before he was taken.
Q. Are you sure that the prisoner at the bar is the man that you saw at work at the chaise, and the man you saw with the trunk on his shoulder. - A. I am sure of it; the chaise was stopped by a butcher's boy, who ran after the chaise; I staid with the trunk till the prisoner was brought up to me by a person of the name of Warren.


                  JAMES 
                  WARREN
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Watson. Q. Were you in Holborn on this 27th of March. A. I was standing at my door, I live there, I heard the cry of Stop thief; I saw this man and another running down the street as hard as they could run, I run across the street, and stopped him, and brought him to the end of the street where the mob was, and where Fielding had the portmanteau in his hand.
- LAVENDER sworn. Examined by Mr. Watson. I produce the trunk. I am an officer of Bow-street, I received it from Fielding. (The property identified by the prosecutrix and prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence. I live in Newton-street; as I was running there, a man came up and knocked me down, he said you have robbed the chaise; that gentleman said he knew the man that cut the trunk from the chaise; then the gentleman that is here brought a butcher's boy, and there were four or five who saw the transaction, they all said they never saw me at all, nor was I ever nigh it; Mr. Ford the magistrate asked him whether he knew me, he said, no, he did not see me at all.
Q. Have you any witnesses here that heard it. - A. No.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
