






381. 
               
                  JOSEPH TOLLANER

               
             and 
               
                  HENRY MITCHELL

               
             were indicted, the first, for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of April

, a silk handkerchief, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Glover
                  



               
            ; and the latter, for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GLOVER
               



             sworn. - I live in Bishopsgate-street: On Thursday, the 10th of April, I had been to Whitechapel Hay-market; going along, I felt something tug at my pocket; I turned round very quick, put my hand to it, and missed my handkerchief; I saw the two boys about the distance they are now from me; I went to one, and said, I think I have got you, young gentleman, and seized Tollaner by the collar; then he gave something to the other, which I took from under his coat, and it was my handkerchief. (Produces it.)



                  RICHARD 
                  CHANDLER
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 10, Goldsmith street, and am in the silk and ribbon manufactory; I saw the prisoner, 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Tollaner
               



            , take the handkerchief, and give it to the other, who was close by him, the moment he took it; Mitchell was going to pass the prosecutor with the handkerchief under his coat, when he was taken.
Mr. Glover. I seized one, and dragged him to the other; the big boy gave the handkerchief to the little one, and the little one said, I don't know the big boy, he has given me this to get it out of his possession.
Tollaner's defence. Mr. West, the grocer, at whitechapel, sent me of an errand, and, going along, the gentleman caught hold of me, and said, you are one; I never touched a thing, but am as innocent as the child unborn; it is false what that gentleman said, and the boy 100.
Tollaner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Tollaner, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 15.



               Transported for seven years
            .
Mitchell, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
