





225. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     CROSSLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of March
, a cash, value 10 s. and twenty gallons of shrub, value 13 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Stracey
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Browning
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Browning
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWNING
               



             sworn. I am a distiller


, I live at Smithfield Bars.
Q. Have you any other partners. - A. Yes, 
               
                  John 
                  Stracey
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  Browning
               



            ; I know nothing of the transaction.


                  JOHN 
                  BUNNING
               



             sworn. I am carman to Messrs. Stracey and Browning. On the 22th of March about seven o'clock at night, I was going to Blossom's inn, Lawrence-lane, with this cask of shrub in the waggon; in Trump-street


 I was obliged to move a one-horse cart to get by, and while I moved it this cask was taken out of the waggon; I drove the waggon to the gateway, and missed the cask; I returned back to the place, where I found the prisoner rolling it away; I run up to him, and asked him what he was going to do with it, he immediately ran away, I halloed out Stop thief, and as soon as he was stopped, I went up to him and brought him back to the cask. A constable came up, and I gave charge of him.
Q. Are you sure that is the same man. - A. I am sure of it, I never lost sight of him from the time I saw him roll the cask till he was taken.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley.
Q. This was not a cask that a man could take under his arm and run away with it. - A. No, it was a large cask.
Q. It very often happens that jostling a cask it may tumble off. - A. No this cask was in the middle of the waggon, and if it had tumbled out it would have dashed it all to pieces.


                  ROBERT 
                  HALL
               



             sworn. I am a warehouseman. About ten minutes past seven on the 12th of March I was passing through Trump-street, I saw the prisoner rolling the cask, he had rolled it about twelve yards, when the carman came up and asked him what he was going to do with it, he immediately jumped over the cask and made off; the carman cried Stop thief, I followed the prisoner, I never lost sight of him till he was taken.


                  JOHN 
                  FERON
               



             sworn. I am a constable; I was coming by and heard a cry of Stop thief; I saw the prisoner, and took him in custody. (The cask produced, and identified by Bunning.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going about some business over the water, just on this side of St. George'schurch; I am a clock maker by trade. When I went by the bottom of Honey-lane Market in Trump street, I saw this cask laying in the channel, I put my foot to the cask and moved it about two yards; there was a young man that went and told the carman, and brought him back and discovered the barrel, who told him it was within two yards of where he first saw it lie.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
