





250. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     MILLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of April
, thirteen yards of cambric, value 1 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Alford
                  




               
            .


                  ABRAHAM 
                  ALFORD
               



             sworn. - I am a linen-draper
, and live at No. 6, Bishopsgate-street Without


: On the 2d of April, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I lost thirteen yards of cambric from the shop-door, they were just within the shop-door.


                  CORNELIUS 
                  WEST
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Alford, and was shewing some Salisbury flannels; I cast my eye towards the door, and observed this cambric going from off the horse at the door; I immediately ran out and saw 
               
                  Robert 
                  Mills
               



            , he dropped it, and stooped to pick it up; I immediately laid hold of him, and he flung the print away, and asked me what I wanted with him; I told him he had stole that print from the door; he denied it, and struck me twice, and the third time he struck me I fell on one hand and one knee; he immediately ran away; the young man that was shutting up the shop saw him strike me; I got up and ran after him, and this young man, who ran faster than me, struck 
               
                  Robert 
                  Mills
               



             on the neck as he was running, and knocked him down, and brought him to Mr. Alford.
Q. Had you lost sight of him? - A. No, I had not; I had not run above ten yards before the young man had got him.


                  JAMES 
                  WALLIS
               



             sworn. - I was passing Bishopsgate Church-yard about half past seven o'clock on the 2d of April, and saw the prisoner throw something away from him; I observed a scuffle between them both, and the prisoner gave the young man here, a blow upon the face; I immediately ran, and about Cammomile-street, we took the prisoner, and brought him back to the shop.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  PAIN
               



             sworn. - I was shutting up the shop, and saw the scuffle; the prisoner knocked the young man down, and he cried out stop thief, I ran and brought him back.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAPWELL
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: I was sent for about half past seven o'clock, and received the property of Mr. Alford; it has been in my custody ever since. (The property produced, and identified by Mr. Alford and Cornelius West.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 15.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
