





86. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     YOUNG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he, being employed in the capacity of servant
 to 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Staines
                     



                   and 
                     
                        James 
                        Carpenter
                     



                  , for the purpose of receiving monies for, and on account of the said Joseph and James, did by virtue of such employment, receive and take into his possession, of and from 
                     
                        William 
                        Rowley
                     



                  , servant to James Thomas, the sum of 4l. 3s. being then due from the said James Thomas to the said Joseph Staines and James Carpenter, for, and on account of, the said Joseph and James, his masters and employers; and afterwards, to wit, on the same day, fraudulently and feloniously did embezzle, secrete, and make away with, the said sum of 4l. 3s. the monies of the said Joseph Staines and James Carpenter; and that he did take, steal, and carry away, from the said 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Staines
                     



                   and James Carpenter, his said masters and employers, the said monies, for, and on whose account the same was taken into his possession
            .
Second Count. For stealing the said monies at common law.(The case stated by Mr. Knapp.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROWLEY
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. James Thomas of Mumford-court, Milk-street, a woollen-draper, and a customer of Staines and Carpenter: On the 21st of June, I paid 4l. 3s. at their counting-house for the prosecutors, to the prisoner in gold, four guineas, and he gave me a shilling; it was paid for goods had of them.
Mr. Alley. - Q. What is Mr. Thomas's partner's name? - A. He had none then, he was once in partnership, but whether the person is alive or dead I cannot say; Mr. Thomas is not here, but I saw the dissolution of the partnership advertised in the Gazette.
Q. Did the prisoner give you any receipt? - A. I have a memorandum. (Produces it.)


                  JOSEPH 
                  STAINES
               



             sworn. - My partner's name is James Carpenter: the prisoner was employed by us to collect money; and Mr. Thomas bought goods of us.
Q. Do you know that hand-writing? - A. Yes, it is 
               
                  William 
                  Young
               



            's the prisoner.
Q. Did you ever receive 4l. 3s. from the prisoner, as paid to him by Mr. Thomas? - A. No, neither from the prisoner, Rowley, or Mr. Thomas; the prisoner came the 8th of February, andstaid till July, when I turned him away for irregularity.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley.
Q. How many clerks had you at that time? - A. Only the prisoner.
Mr. Knapp. - Q. Will you swear that this sum of 4l. 3s. was not accounted for? - A. I will.


                  James 
                  Carpenter
               



             confirmed the testimony of Mr. Staines.
Prisoner's defence. I leave it to my counsel, and the mercy of the Court. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
