





307. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MACGEE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 5th of March
, eighteen yards of printed cotton, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Marshall
                  




               
            .


                  ELLIS 
                  THOMAS
               



            . Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Marshall
               



             lives at No. 8, Holborn bridge


, he is a linen draper
. On Saturday night the 5th of March, the prisoner came in the shop, while I was engaged, accompanied by a man; I knowing her to be a suspicious character asked her what she wanted; she then pointed to a piece of print that laid on the counter, and asked the price of it; I told her eighteen pence; the man who was with her told her it was too dear; I knowing the situation that I had left the goods at the door, I went to bring some of them in; on my return I saw the prisoner taking a piece of ell wide print from off the counter, and concealing it under her coats; I asked her what she had got under her coats; the man who was with her, ran off immediately. I put my hand up her coats, found the piece of print concealed above her knees; gave charge of her to the officer who was standing at the door.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I met with a woman that owed me some money, she had a man with her at the corner of Field lane; she was a widow woman when I served her with milk; I asked her for the money she owed me; she wondered at my not serving her with milk as usual; I told her I had been in the hospital with a bad leg five months; she treated me and persuaded me to go in this shop with her, she would buy a gown, and change a pound note, and then she would pay me; I went in with her, this piece of print, whether it fell off his arm or from the counter I cannot say, however it dropped; he then said do you want to theive this; I said what do you mean by that. I gave him a short answer for suspecting me; the others went away, they were glad of the excuse for not paying me the money; I know no more of the cotton as I am a sinner to night than any of you, if I do I wish my hands may never close to night.
Witness. It was a tall man six foot high that came in with her; as soon as I took her the man ran away.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
