





426. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     PORTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of May
, four pigs, value 7 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Harris
                  



               
            , the elder, and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Harris
                  



               
            , the younger.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRIS
               



            , sen. sworn. - I live at No. 32, Gee-street, Goswell-street; I work at the West-India docks
; 
               
                  William 
                  Harris
               



             is my son, he is about nineteen, I am in partnership with him with the pigs: On the 19th of May, Sunday night, between eight and nine o'clock, I locked the place up where I kept the pigs with a padlock; Monday morning I returned about a quarter before six, and I found the padlock unlocked, and locked upon the staple with the hasp off; I missed these four pigs.
Q. What size pigs are they? - A. I considered the two biggest to be about twelve stone a piece, my others were smaller store pigs.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRIS
               



            , jun. sworn. - The prisoner came to me on Monday morning, May the 20th, a quarter before nine, he asked me whether I had lost four pigs: he said he knew where they were, he said, if you will go with me I will take you to the place where they are; he took me to one Harrison's, in Bowling-green lane, Clerkenwell; I asked Harrison if he had four pigs, that he took in this morning; he said, yes; I told him where I lived, and described the pigs to him; he said he would make enquiry, and if I came at six o'clock at night, I should have the pigs; I went at six o'clock at night, and asked Harrison to let me have the pigs; he would not, nor would he let me see them; we went up to Hatton-garden to get a search warrant, and while we were there they brought the prisoner to the office.
Prisoner. I had these pigs in my charge in the morning; I gave information all over the parish, and I applied to a drover in Smithfield, to know whose pigs they were; I was in Smithfield, serving my milk, when I met Mr. Harris, jun. I told him, and he said he was very glad I had told him; I took him to my house, and told him I lived there, in case I should be wanted at any future time; I said I would meet him at six o'clock at Harrison's; I went there two minutes before six, and they took me into custody.


                  ROBERT 
                  HARRISON
               



             sworn. - I am a carmanand milkman, I live at No. 18, Bowling-green-lane, Clerkenwell: On the 20th of May, about half past four o'clock in the morning, I saw four pigs in Bowling-green-lane, and my being in the neighbourhood, I thought they were no persons property in the neighbourhood; I went out to see if there was any body with them, and I saw the prisoner at the bar looking about him, he was with them; I saw him drive them to his own sister's door in Wood's-close; after that I saw Steele, the watchman, and I told him I suspected these pigs to be stolen; Mr. Steele asked him whether he was waiting for any body; he said he was waiting for somebody to come and take the pigs from him; Steele said to me, what do you think of the business, I think they are stolen, and if you have not much to do this morning I would have you watch him; accordingly I did; he then went down Corporation-row, across St. John-street, into Wilderness-row, with the pigs; he lodged them there a full hour; I saw him go from there to King-street, Goswell-street, with them; there was another person joined in with him.
Q. How did they find the way to your house? - A. They were brought there; I suspected he was going to Kentish-town with them; accordingly I immediately ordered them in there, when they were in Wood's-close.
Q. You took possession of the pigs, and took them into your house? - A. Yes, into my yard.
- FIDO sworn. - I live in Turnmill-street: On Monday, the 20th of May, Mr. Harrison was coming down the Green; he told me that he had been watching two men that had some pigs that he suspected were stolen; he asked me to watch them, as they had seen him; I followed them.
Q. Who was driving these pigs? - A. The prisoner at the bar and another man; the other man absconded soon after; I saw him driving them from Wood's-close to Spa-fields turnpike; I assisted Harrison in driving them in at his gate, and saw him shut them in.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FISHER
               



             sworn. - I am a publican: On the 20th of May, Mr. Harrison came into my house, between five and six o'clock in the morning, and informed me that there were two men with some pigs; I went with him to the back of my house, and saw two men with four pigs.
Q. Was the prisoner one of them? - A. Yes; then I returned into my house; a little time after that I went back again, with an excuse of fastening my shutters; I saw the prisoner and the other man at some distance, and in about a quarter of an hour I saw the prisoner driving them out of Steward-street; I am sure the prisoner is one of them.
Q. Who the other man was, you do not know? - A. I do not.


                  JOHN 
                  STEELE
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman: On the 20th of May, in the morning, I was going home, I met with Harrison.
Q. Did you see who was driving the pigs? - A. Yes, the prisoner at the bar; I went up to him, he stood quite still, and by and by he left the pigs; I followed him, and drove the pigs before me; I then saw Porter standing at the bottom of the lane; I asked him if he waited for somebody; he said, yes, he expected to meet a person in Bowling-green-lane.
Q. Why did not you take him into custody? - A. I did not know that he had stole the pigs; I did suspect it as well as Harrison; I was going off my beat.


                  JOHN 
                  RAYMOND
               



             sworn. - On Monday evening, this day fortnight, I took the prisoner into custody; I had a strong suspicion that the pigs had been stolen. (The pigs identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I met a man in Bowling-green-lane with these pigs about a quarter before five; I asked him if he was going to Smithfield with them; his reply was, if you will stop them a little, I will thank you; he never came back again to me after I had stopped with them; I made every inquiry whether any man had lost those pigs; Harrison took them from me about a quarter before seven in the morning, I left them in an open place, and I went into Old-street to inquire if any body had lost any pigs; I have found out a man who saw me a quarter before six.
Court. You had been a long while with these pigs.


                  FRANCIS 
                  BIRD
               



             sworn. - I work for Mr. Davis, a distiller, in Old-street: About ten minutes before six o'clock the prisoner came to me, and asked me whether I knew any body who had lost some pigs; he asked me what I thought he could do with them; I said I could not tell.
Q.(To Harrison.) How long had they been lodged in your house? - A. About half after six o'clock.


                  HENRY 
                  BOUCHER
               



             sworn. - I work for Mr. Davis, in Old-street; I was standing in Old-street; this man addressed himself to me, and said a countryman had left him in charge with four pigs; he had waited for him a considerable time, he came down Old-street, and went down Whitecross-street; he returned back to me again, and asked me what he had best to do with them; I recommended him to take them to the Green-yard.
Court. Q. They were not strayed pigs? - A. He asked me and Bird to help him drive them there; we told him we could not, because we expected to be let into the distillery to our work.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SPICER
               



             sworn. - I am headborough of the parish of St. Luke's: On Monday, the 20th of May, the prisoner at the bar, and 
               
                  William 
                  Harris
               



             the younger, called on me at nine o'clock in the morning; I went with them to where theprisoner said the four pigs were; Mr. Harris described the pigs to Mr. Harrison, and he said, you shall neither see the pigs, nor have them, for he had taken a great deal of trouble, and he had been even to the expence of having them cryed.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
