






664. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WESTBROOK
                  



               
             and 
               
                  DANIEL 
                  MURPHY
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of September
, six pair of glove mitts, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Thompson
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  INGLE
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Robert Thompson, a hosier
; No. 27, Middle-row, Holborn


: On the 29th of August last, about nine o'clock in the morning, John Westbrook, and another who has made his escape, came into the shop and asked me to shew them a pair of worsted stockings; I did so; Westbrook said he wanted ribbed ones; I fetched them; he said they were too large; I suspected them, and made believe to look the parcel, but kept my eye on Westbrook and his companion; I saw him put his hand on a pile of goods, and give a parcel to his companion, who put it under his coat, and said, where's Jack; Westbrook said, I don't know; that person then ran out halloaing, Jack, Jack; a person came in, and said, have you lost a parcel; Westbrook was in the shop, I took him into custody.


                  JOHN 
                  PIPER
               



             sworn. I am journeyman to Mr. Bennett, auctioneer, High-Holborn, opposite to Mr. Thompson's; I observed a person come out of Mr. Thompson's shop, and call Jack, twice, with a parcel; Murphy came up, and they walked together for twenty yards talking; I saw the person who made his escape give a parcel to Murphy; they crossed, one on each side, and walked up Holborn; I went over and gave information.
Murphy's defence. I had no bundle.
Westbrook's defence. I went to buy a pair of stockings, and while I was looking at them a person came in, and said something had been taken from the shop, and charged me with it; I am totally innocent, as I never saw the person before.
Westbrook, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 14.
Murphy, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 16.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
