





20. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th of November
, a gown, value 10 s. a hat, value 2 s. a petticoat, value 1 s. 6 d. a waistcoat, value 1 s. 6 d. a coat, value 15 s. two curtains, value 5 s. a frock, value 2 s. a blanket, value 5 s. a sheet, value 5 s. and two handkerchiefs, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Perkins
                        



                     
                  . A cap, value 10 d. three pair of stockings, value 4 s. and a handkerchief, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Clent
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Perkins
                     



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PERKINS
               



            . I live at No. 43, Strutton ground


, I am a plumbers labourer
; the prisoner quitted my lodgings on the 9th of November; she had been in my house 
six or eight weeks, she rented my garret.
Q. What time in the day did she go away. - A. About six o'clock in the evening.
Q. Did you expect her going away. - A. Not in the least; we missed nothing that night. On the next day we missed a child's frock and other articles; I found out where she lodged on the eleventh: when I entered the room, the first thing that I saw was the bed curtains, they were tied round the bed with string; I found a pair of sheets on the bed, and knives and forks that I know to be my own. She told the constable they were my property.


                  MARIA 
                  PERKINS
               



            . Q. You are the wife of the last witness, are you. - A. Yes; on Saturday the 9th of November, the prisoner at the bar left our house, we did not miss any thing till Sunday about two o'clock, then I missed my child's frock, and all the other articles.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RENNEY
               



            . Q. You are a constable. - A. Yes. On the 11th of November, I apprehended the prisoner in Belton-street, St. Giles's; I went with Mr. Perkins. In the room, I saw the curtains hang up, and two sheets on the bed; I saw some plates, knives and forks; I then searched her, I found sixteen duplicates under the bed, twelve of the duplicates contained the property that was lost. The prisoner said all I found in the room was Mr. Perkin's property.
(The property produced and identified.)
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witnesses to character.
GUILTY, aged 24.




               Of stealing, to the value of thirty-nine shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
