





720. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     LAWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of August
, 2 sheets, value 4 s., 2 shirts, value 7 s. 6 d., 3 frocks, value 5 s., a coat value 6 s., and a petticoat, value 1 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Jacob 
                     Marks
                  




               
            .


                  HANNAH 
                  MARKS
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  Jacob 
                  Marks
               



            , we live in Houndsditch


, my husband was a pastry-cook
, he has been blind two years. I go out to seek a livelihood for my four children with cakes and things. 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Laws
               



             lived with me six months. On the 24th of August, I went to the west end of the town with my husband, I left 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Laws
               



             with my children, and to wash the clothes; when I came home, at half past four o'clock, she said she was very ill; I said then finish the washing to-morrow, when you are well, I went out with my husband to the synagogue, and when I came home, I found her laying on the stairs in a fit; I went to her husband on Tower-hill, I told him to come to his wife, and went to a doctor in Whitechapel, he said, he could do her no good. When I came home, she was still in a fit; I got a man to hold her while I went up to make the bed; I found the sheets were gone off the bed, I called down to my husband, and said, do you know any thing of the sheets; he said, no, the man that was with her, said, what have you done with the sheets; she said, that she had laid them on the window bench; she came up stairs; my husband said, look round, and see what is become of the children's things; I then missed all the articles in the indictment.
Q. Why do you accuse her of taking all these things - A. Because I put them into her hands, as I do of every Thursday, a neighbour called a watchman, and I gave charge of her; she said she knew nothing about them; my husband said, if you have made away with them I will take them out.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KINNERSLEY
               



            . I am a constable; between ten and eleven o'clock, the watchman brought the prisoner up, in charge, I searched her, I found in this hussiff a number of duplicates, containing the property that this woman had lost, it led me to Mr. Matthews, and Mr. Parker, pawnbroker, and there I found the things.


                  CHARLES 
                  STEBBING
               



            . I live with Mr. Matthews, pawnbroker, 135, Minories. I took in a sheet onthe 18th of August, the child's petticoat on the 22nd of the prisoner, the shirt and petticoat was on the 19th. I have no recollection who I took them of.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I live with Mr. Parker, pawnbroker, 115, Houndsditch, a shirt, three frocks, a shift, and a sheet were pledged at our shop by the prisoner.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. They left me at home with nothing else but a bit of bread to eat, I pawned the sheets to buy victuals for the children, I did not know that they got their living by begging in the street, or else I should not have gone to live with them the second time.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
