





105. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DOWLING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Parker
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of seven, on the night of the 15th of December
, and burglariously stealing therein, two planes, value 10 s. two saws, value 14 s. one oil stone, value 3 s. a chisel, value 9 d. a gouge, value 4 d. a jacket, value 4 s. a rule, value 2 s. and a pair of compasses, value 9 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dyer
                        



.


                  PETER 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am a victualler
; I live at the Shepherd and Dog, East Smithfield, St. John's, Wapping


; I live in an adjoining part while it is being new built. On the 15th of December, about seven in the evening, I heard a noise in the apartment that is getting ready for a coffee room, where the carpenters had left work; I went to the side door of the coffee room, I asked whether any body was there in that room; the carpenters had not left the key of that room; I could get no answer; on my speaking I heard somebody fall over some deals. The door is a sash door, not glazed, the carpenter had nailed a board across inside, that nobody should get inside; it is a side door to the coffee room, that communicates to the yard; I saw the board up; it was up for security, to prevent people from getting in through the sash. When I heard the noise of some person falling over the deals I immediately put my back to the door and burst it open, and called for a light; when I came into the room, there is a place erecting for a bar, I found the prisoner lying on his back with all the smaller part of the tools about him.
Q. You mean the tools left by the workmen - A. Yes, they always left their tools there; the large saw and small saw and large plane, I found lying by the door, laying where the door was broken open.
Q. Where was it you observed the board that was on the sash - A. I observed that as soon as I put my hand against the door it laid by the side of the door; there was an oil stone, a gouge, and many other articles thatI do not know the name of, as I am not a carpenter.
Q. Where these within the bar where the man was lying - A. Close to him, about his feet.
Q. You had not seen in what part of the house these tools were left when the men went - A. No.
Q. Can you name any other of the articles - A. There was a flannel jacket and a two foot rule.
Q. Had you any conversation with the prisoner when you found him - A. Yes; I asked him how he came there; he gave me a good deal of abuse, he pretended to be very much intoxicated in liquor, I could not get a reasonable answer for a long while; there was a pair of folding doors, I found them fast; I noticed it particularly; the sash of the front was not glazed, no more than them at the back; it was nine foot from the pavement to get at them; there were no steps erected.
Q. Could any body have got up to that height - were the sashes large enough to creep through - A. Yes, I think they were.
Q. Then if any body had got there, was there any thing to interrupt their passage, from where you found the prisoner - A. No; they could come to the side door on coming through the room.
Q. Were there any other place where there was a possibility of any person coming in without breaking - A. No; there were two sashes backwards; they were both fastened, I examined them.
Q. Do you know the person to whom these tools belonged - A. Yes, to 
               
                  John 
                  Dyer
               



            , one of the carpenter
s, he is doing the business; I sent for a constable, I took him to the watchhouse; in searching of him, I found this pair of nippers and this turn screw, which he had left, I found among the tools; and the mark of the door, where the lock had been wrenched off, tallied with this turnscrew; he said the nippers were his own, he said he had a turn screw, but he did not know where it was; I would not suffer the tools to be removed till the next morning, when the carpenters came; I did not know in what situation the carpenters left the tools; the first carpenter came about seven in the morning; it was then we found the turn screw among the tools.


                  JOHN 
                  DYER
               



            . I am a carpenter, I am employed in Mr. Parker's house.
Q. Did you leave your tools in the place - A. Yes: I left work about a quarter before five; I secured the front door by a piece of wood on the inside, no person could open them without being on the inside; the back door I locked myself.
Q. Did you observe the sash door was not glazed - A. The back part of the sash door was not glazed; I locked that door myself.
Q. Did you observe whether the board that was put up on there was up when you left the building - A. Yes, I put it up myself. I am sure it was on when I left the building.
Q. In what part of the room did you leave the tools - A. I left the tools in one corner of the room; it is a coffee room, parted off with benches for gentlemen, where we were working; I put some on the seats of the box and some on my work bench.
Q. Was any of these tools left by the back door - A. No, quite the contrary; I left them twenty seven feet from the back door where I found them in the morning.
Q. Now look at them tools - A. They are all my tools, with my own mark on them, the planes and the saws; I am positive they are the same tools that I left in Mr. Parker's house.
Q. Did you go there the next morning - A. Yes, about a quarter after seven; I found this large saw and the planes at the entrance of the back door, the planes of one side and the saws of the other side of the passage; I found the others in the part that is parted off for the bar; the large plane was twenty seven feet removed from where I left it, going the nighest way, and the smaller tools twelve feet off; the key of the back door I gave to my partner 
               
                  William 
                  Chapman
               



            ; I went to the public office with the prisoner, he told me he was groggy, he did not know how he got there; he told the magistrate that he was sleeping below, and some person shoved him up there.
Q. Did you see this turnscrew - A. Yes, I picked it up myself; in picking up the small tools I found the strange one among them; we did not see the back door had been tried with this thing for two or three days afterwards.
Q. Who had the turnscrew in the mean time - A. The officer.
Q. When you were there did you perceive the board that had been put up over the sash door - A. Yes, laying by the side of the door.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . Q. You are one of the workmen employed along with the last witness, are not you - A. Yes. When we quitted the house I received the key from the last witness; I had it in my possession all night.
Q. Are you sure that it had never been used for opening of the door - A. Yes.
Prisoner's Defence. I happened on that day to be looking out for work, and meeting with some of my partners I got drunk. Coming along there the cellar is quite open; I happened to stumble; there I lay till one of the labouring men came up and said you had better go and lay among the shavings; I laid there till Mr. Parker came; his wife alarmed him first; they cannot say that I ever removed any of the tools.
Q. to prosecutor. You had not observed any thing about the door with the sash in it from between five and six o'clock, and the time you received the alarm - A. No, it was impossible, because it was dark. I generally tried the other door with my hand when the carpenters had done work. I dare say I had that night.
Q. You will not take upon you to say you did - A. No.
GUILTY, aged 37.




               Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Chambre.
