






685. 
               
                  
                     MATTHEW 
                     NELL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PHILLIPS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Bilton
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of twelve in the night of the 25th of July
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing two cotton gowns, value 4s. 6d. a petticoat, value 4s. two children's frocks, value 1s. 6d. two pair of stockings, value 1s. 6d. a pair of pockets, value 1s. 6d. two pair of stockings, value 1s. 6d. a neck handkerchief, value 6d. a pocket handkerchief, value 3d. a petticoat, value 3d. a half shawl, value 6d. four night-caps, value 6d. a napkin, value 3d. a shawl, value 1s. a shirt, value 6d. a flannel petticoat, value 1s. 6d. two cotton bed-gowns, value 9d. five children's shirts, vaue 2s. two sheets, value 2s. two children's frocks, value 1s. 6d. two petticoats, value 1s. two aprons, value 1s. two children's pin-befores, value 6d. a pillow-case, value 6d. four cap-cauls, value 1s two children's tippets, value 3d. ten children's caps, value 2s. a muslin neck handkerchief, value 2s. three clouts, value 3d. a pair of leather gloves, value 3d. and a yard of flannel, value 6d
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Clarke
                  



               
            , in the dwelling-house of the said William.
CHRISTIANA CLARKE sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Clarke
               



            ; we lodged in the house of William Bilton, New-way, Westminster


. On Saturday night, the 25th of July, I went to bed about ten o'clock; my husband was sick in the Hospital at the time; I lived in the front parlour below, and Mr. Bilton in the one pair. I slept in the two pair of stairs room that night with a corporal's wife, that was not very well; I got up about seven o'clock in the morning, and came down stairs, and found the door of my own room a-jar; I had left it locked; I went into the room, and found the property gone out of my box; the door had been opened by a false key; the prisoner Nell was a soldier in the same company with my husband; I washed for him; he knew that my husband was ill in the Hospital; I saw my property again on the Monday, at Bow-street.
MARGARET ROSE sworn. - I lodge in the same house; I came in about half past one in the morning; I found the street-door a-jar; I shut it with the spring-lock; every thing was then fast, and I went to-bed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OLD
               



             sworn. - I keep a public-house in Tothill-street, Westminster, about two hundred yards from Mr. Bilton's; the prisoner Nell came to my house with four more between seven and eight o'clock on Saturday, the 25th of July; they staid about an hour, paid a pint of porter a-piece, and went away; Phillips came in about ten o'clock, and had some bread and cheese, and a pint of porter; but I believe Nell was not in the house at the time he was.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLACKMAN
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: On Sunday morning, the 26th of July, about a quarter before four, Crocker and I saw the two prisoners coming down Oxford-street; Nell had this bundle under his arm, (producing it); it was then quite light; Phillips had two more bundles; I followed them into the Running Horse, at the bottom of Tottenham-court-road; I said to Nell, what have you got here; he knew me, and I knew him; I searched him, and found upon him the bundle and these two keys, (producing them); one of them I fitted to the woman's room door, and it opened it better than her own key; the other key I tried to the box, but it would not open it.
Q. How long had it been light before you first got fight of them? - A.Perhaps an hour and a half.(
               
                  Edward 
                  Crocker
               



             produced the other two bundles, which he took from Phillips, the contents of which were identified by Mrs. Clarke.)
Crocker. As we were going to the office, Phillips told me he saw Nell come out with the things, and he asked him what he was going to do with them; he said he was going to a stage-coach to his sister, and asked him to help carry the bundles, for he said it looked aukward for a soldier to be carrying bundles at that time in the morning, and he told me he helped him to carry them on purpose to find out where he was going with them.
Nell's defence. I was drinking a pint of beer at Old's house with this young man, and we stopped till it was too late to get into our lodgings; we went up St. Martin's-lane, and there were two soldiers sitting upon a step with these bundles, and when we came up, they ran away, and left them; we took them up with an intention of going to Bow-street to find an owner for them.
Phillips's defence. What Crocker says is very false; I never said any such thing.
Nell, GUILTY, aged 28.
Phillips, GUILTY, aged 18.
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not of the burglary
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
