





285. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     GARRETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of November
, three table-cloths, value 20s. and eighty-four damask napkins, value 4l.
             the property of Dowager Lady


                     Jane 
                     Harewood
                  




               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)
JOHN BENNETT sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am porter to Lady Harewood; the prisoner was employed as a chair-woman
 by my fellow-servant, 
               
                  Jane 
                  Lewis
               



            ; I have known her five or six years; the property was missed on the 29th of December, and I gave information, in consequence of which Mrs. Perkins came to town.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  PERKINS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am house-keeper to Lady Harewood: In consequence of information I came to London on the 14th of December by my Lady's order; on examining the drawers, I missed seven dozen of napkins, and three table-cloths; I have seen some of them since; they were left in the still room, in drawers locked.


                  CATHERINE 
                  WOLFE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am the wife of 
               
                  Moses 
                  Wolfe
               



            , and know the prisoner, the lives three or four doors from our house: On the 25th of November I bought of her ten napkins, one table-cloth, and two napkins she got from a pawnbroker's; I enquired of her how she came by them; she said, they came from old Lord Courtney's house, who had been dead some time; that she had them to fell for an old house-keeper, who was rather in distress, and who did not wish to shew herself out of the house with them; she asked me 4l.; I said it was too much, but if you will leave them till my husband comes, he shall look at them; he did so, and told me to give her 3l. which I did; I kept two napkins for my own use, which are in Court; the others my husband sold.(The two napkins were produced, and identified by Mrs. Perkins).
MOSES WOLFE sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am the husband of the last witness; I sold Mr. Levy ten napkins and one table-cloth.
Mrs. Wolfe. I had no others but what I bought of the prisoner.


                  SIMON 
                  LEVY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I purchased some napkins and a tablecloth of Wolfe, which I delivered to Kennedy.
ISRAEL ISAACS sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a dealer in clothes, in Holywell-street; I bought a dozen napkins of the prisoner about ten weeks ago, and gave her 38s. for them; she said they belonged to a lady in distress; I delivered them to the police officer.(James Kennedy, the officer, produced the property, which was deposed to by Mrs. Perkins.)
The prisoner put in, by way of defence, a written petition, acknowledging her guilt, and throwing herself upon the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29. - 


               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Hotham
               



            .
