





305. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MADEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of February
, two pound four ounces weight of tea, value 14 s. three pound four ounces weight of coffee, value 1 l. 1 s. an umbrella, value 4 s. a case of tooth instruments, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Winter
                        



                     
                  , and one pair of breeches, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Williams
                  



               
            .
GEORGE WINTER. I live at No. 51, Newgate street


. I am a grocer
. On the 26th of February, about seven o'clock in the evening, I returned home; from information of Williams my shopman
, my son took me into the back warehouse, and in a cask covered with a board was found two pound and a quarter of tea, and three pound four ounces of coffee; I desired the young man to weigh it, to mark the piece of sacking it was in; and also to write any name on a bit of paper and put it inside of it; that was done and the parcel put into the place where we found it in the cask. At nine o'clock, the usual time of shutting up the shop, I expected the men would come out; I procured a constable and placed him on one side of Newgate street, and I stood at the corner of Panyer alley, just against my own door; 
               
                  James 
                  Maden
               



             came out, I went up to him and asked him where he was going, he said to his washerwoman; there was a very small projection under his left side; I asked him what it was, he told me it was his linen; I felt at the parcel and told him I was sure it was not; I caught him by the collar, and called for the constable, who immediately came across the way; I told him to take out the parcel from under the prisoner's coat; he did so, and we then took him to the watchhouse; about a fortnight previous to this, we had watched him to a house in Gunpowder alley, Shoe lane; the beadle of the watchhouse advised me to search his lodgings; we did; and there we found a number of articles not inthe indictment; there was tea, coffee, spices, spirits, umbrella, scissars, instruments, handkerchief, mould candles, and large quantities of things; we brought them all home, and then returned to the watch-house; I then told the beadle that he might send him to the counter; we searched him again, we found in the front of his small clothes three pound and a quarter of coffee.
- ROBERTS. Q. What are you. - A. I am a constable. I saw the prisoner coming out of his master's house; his master called me over the way. I got this tea from him; we took him to the watch-house, we searched his lodgings, and found considerable goods there; then we searched him at the watchhouse, and took three pound and a quarter of coffee from him.


                  THOMAS 
                  WARREN
               



            . I am the under beadle; Mr. Winter and Roberts brought the prisoner into the watchhouse; before they took him to the counter I took this coffee out of his small clothes.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am Mr. Winter's shop-man. On the 26th of February, I heard the prisoner taking the coffee out of a bag at the further part of the shop; we sent him out upon his business; after a length of time, I found a parcel in a cask covered over; I desired Mr. Winter to be informed of it; I afterwards shewed Mr. 
               Winter
             the parcel; I marked the sack, and wrote upon a bit of paper, and put the writing inside of the parcel, and laid it exact in the exact same place. I went with Mr. Winter to the place, where we had watched the prisoner to in Gunpowder alley; there we found tea, sugar and a great number of articles, with a pair of small clothes, which are mine; I saw the constable take the coffee out of his small clothes.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. May it please your lordship, I have a wife and infant child, dependant on my labour, and this being my first offence, I ever was charged with; I humbly pray your lordship will procure me a lenient punishment, if I should meet with conviction.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
