





816. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BURTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of October
, two pair of shoes, value 18s. and a pair of boots, value 30s.
             the property of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Bunyard
               




            .


                  ROBERT 
                  BUNYARD
               



             sworn. - On the 28th of October, I lost two pair of shoes and a pair of boots from my lower room in Sermon-lane, Doctors' Commons; the prisoner lodges in my house; I am street-keeper
; I went to put my coat on, and left the shoes upon the cutting-board, and the boots upon the dresser; when I came back, they were gone; and the prisoner having gone but in the mean time, I suspected him; I could not find him all day; he came home at night, and went to bed; I sent for an officer, and went up stairs with him; I waked the prisoner, and told him I had lost two pair of shoes and a pair of boots, and I suspected him; he said, he knew nothing about them; I ordered the officer to search his clothes, and in searching him, he found a duplicate in his waistcoat-pocket of one pair of shoes being pawned in Tottenham-court-road; then I gave charge of him, and he was taken to the Compter; the same evening I went to Tottenham-court-road, where the shoes were, at Mr. Harrison's, and found the shoes; then we called at several pawnbrokers, and at Mr. Dalby's we found another pair of shoes; but the boots I have never found.


                  JAMES 
                  MAGUIRE
               



             sworn. - I am an officer; I found the duplicate upon the prisoner; the pawnbroker has it.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHAPMAN
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Harrison, in Tottenham-court-road: On Wednesday morning, the 28th of October, I took in a pair of shoes of a man, whom I believe to be the prisoner, but I cannot swear to him. (Produces the shoes, which were identified by the prosecutor.)


                  FREDERICK 
                  AUSTIN
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Dalby, pawnbroker, in Holborn: On the 28th of October, between nine and ten in the evening, I took in this pair of shoes from the prisoner at the bar, (producing them;) I am positive that is the man. (The shoes were identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I bought the duplicate.



               GUILTY
            , aged 42.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
