





121. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BIRCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of December
, eight shirts, value 2l. 2s. two shifts, value 14s. five pocket-handkerchiefs, value 8s. seven night-caps, value 11s. a breakfast-cloth, value 1s. 6d. a napkin, value 1s. 6d. a pair of drawers, value 2s. a pair of pockets, value 6d. a flannel petticoat, value 1s. a shawl handkerchief, value 1s. 6d. a bed-gown, value 1s. a counterpane, value 1s. 8d. a cloth cloak, value 6d. and three pocket-handkerchiefs, value 1s. 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Blanchfield
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Blunt
                     



.


                  MARY 
                  BLANCHFIELD
               



             sworn. - At the time I was robbed, I lived at No. 13, Holborn


; I lodged up three pair of stairs; my landlord's name was Thomas Blunt: I lost the articles mentioned in the indictment; I am a washerwoman
; I was in the wash-house; I hung up eight shirts wet uponthe line to dry; I went up stairs; I put my hand in my pocket for the key, and the prisoner opened the door in my face; he was inside the room; this was about four o'clock in the afternoon; I up with both my hands, and collared him; he said, d-n your eyes, what do you want with me; he got loose from me, and ran down stairs; I ran after him, and cried stop thief; he was stopped in the street by a man that he made a blow at; I never lost sight of him; that man is not here; when I went into my room, I found the property all gone; I had left every thing in its place about an hour before; in about ten minutes after the prisoner was taken, I went into the room and found a bundle behind the door, tied up in a handkerchief, containing a bed-gown, a child's petticoat, a counterpane, three pocket-handkerchiefs, and some other things; I have found nothing since but what was in that handkerchief; the shirts and the foul linen were entirely gone.
Q. Did you see any other man about the premises? - A. No; the prisoner was searched, but nothing found upon him.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. This is a common lodging-house, is it not? - A. Yes.
Q. How many different persons lodge in the house? - A. Only one family; his name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Kent
               



            .
Q. And there is Mr. Blunt, you know? - A. Yes, he lives below.
Q. You never saw the prisoner before? - A. No.
Q.Whether he was acquainted with Kent or Blunt, you do not know? - A. No.
Q. Therefore whether he came to see either of them you cannot tell? - A. I cannot; I found him in my room.
Q. On the 10th of December, at four o'clock, I should think it would be dark? - A. No, it was not; I could see his face very plainly.


                  DANIEL 
                  ANDREWS
               



             sworn. - I am a hairdresser: I heard the cry of stop thief; I went into Gray's-inn-lane, when I saw Mrs. Baker lay hold of the prisoner; I did not see him come out of the house; he was searched, but nothing found upon him.
THOMAS CREMIERE sworn. - I am a carpenter; I work for Mr. Blunt; I lodge upon the same floor where Mary Blanchfield lives: I went up stairs for a saw, and as I was coming down stairs, I met the prisoner going up; after I had been down about a quarter of an hour, cutting some wood in my master's yard, I met the prisoner near the bottom of the stairs, coming down again; he was walking very leisurely.
JOSEPH INWARD sworn. - I am an officer belonging to the Police-office, Hatton-garden: When the prisoner was brought to the office, this bundle was given into my care. (Produces it; they are deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
ANN BLANCHARD sworn. - I am sister to Mrs. Blunt: I heard Mrs. Blanchfield scream, and she immediately gave me the key of her door, and begged I would go and lock it; she went after the man; I went up stairs and found these things, and this silk handkerchief, left tied up behind the door in the room.
Prisoner's defence. I saw a vast concourse of people running down Gray's-inn-lane; I ran with the rest, and I fell down, and they laid hold of me.
The prisoner called one witness, who had known him six or seven years, and gave him a good character.




               GUILTY of stealing goods, value 4s
            . (Aged 33.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
