







177. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BALDWIN
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     ONEY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CARR
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 16th of January
, two quarts of oats, value 9 d. two quarts of beans, value 9 d. and two quarts of chaff, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Fagg
                  




               
            .
Second Count for like offence, only stating it to be mixed together.
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  JOHN 
                  MILLER
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am clerk to Mr. Fagg.
Q. Has Mr. Fagg any stables in George Yard, Leather-lane


. - A. Yes, where his mail coach horses stand.
Q. Was Carr a servant to Mr. Fagg. - A. Yes, he had the care of the mail-coach horses in that stable.
Q. Had he likewise the care of the corn for the consumption of those horses. - A. He had.
Q. What is Baldwin. - A. A bricklayer
; he lives in Dorrington street, Leather lane, about an hundred yards from the stable. Oney is Baldwin's man.
Q. On Thursday the 16th of January did you go to Leather lane. - A. Yes, at six o'clock in the morning, and fixed myself at a spot which commanded the whole view of the gates of George Yard; I had not been there ten minutes, before I saw Oney come knocking at the gates in George Yard, and called, Will, it is past six o'clock; then he immediately went towards his master's house, and returned from there with his master with a candle and lanthorn to George Yard; the gates were opened almost immediately after Oney and Baldwin came, by Carr the prisoner; Baldwin; and Oney, went into Baldwin's stable, and Carr went into Baldwin's stable for a light.
Q. How soon did Carr come out of Baldwin's stable. - A. He came out immediately with a light, and went to the corn bin on Mr. Fagg's premises; I was then standing in George Yard, where a hackney coach was standing, I could command a view of the corn bin.
Q. When Carr came out with a light he went to Mr. Fagg's corn bin, what did he do. - A. He filled a nose bag full of Mr. Fagg's oats, beans, and chaff; he returned from thence through the stable to Baldwyn's stable; I was following of him at the same time.
Q. Did you see where he got that nose bag from. A. I did not.
Q. How close did you follow him. - A. As close as convenient, he did not see me, he went into Baldwin's stable, I went in after him, I saw him give it into the hands of Baldwin, I got hold of Baldwin's collar, I looked at Carr, I said, you villain, I have detected you; Baldwin said, as near as I can recollect, I beg you will forgive me, consider my wife and family, I told him he had sufficient warning before, as I had detected him I must do my duty and inform Mr. Fagg.
Q. You brought away the bag with the corn in it. - A. Yes.
Q. How much did the bag contain. - A. The bag was full, it contained near half a bushel.
Q. How soon afterwards was Baldwin and Oney taken into custody. - A. Oney was taken into custody about an hour afterwards, Baldwin was taken into custody at the time, Carr was taken on the Sunday following; I let Oney go to his own house, and I went with him.
Q. What became of Carr. - A. I do not know; there was a reward offered for him; in a day or two afterwards he was taken.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp.
Q. Mr. Fagg is a large proprietor of mail coaches, he employs a vast number of horses. - A. Yes.
Q. Who is concerned with him in the business. - A. Different proprietors.
Q. These oats, beans, and chaff, are the property of the different proprietors. - A. No, they are his own property.
Mr. Gurney. To whom did you deliver it to. - A. To Mr. Fagg; it was afterwards delivered to the officer.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TROTT
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. Was that bag delivered to you at the office.- A. Yes, it has been in my custody ever since, I produce it.


                  THOMAS 
                  FAGG
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. Is the corn that we have been speaking of your property. - Q. It is my sole property; the mixture is old beans and new beans, and particular old oats, I have not the least doubt of its being my property.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp.
Q. It is a mixture of beans, oats, and chaff, there is no distinct marks of the beans belonging to you or any other person. - A. I cannot say there is; it is my own property, I have no partner whatever.
Mr. Gurney. What is the value of it. - A. Eighteen-pence or twenty-pence.
Baldwin left his defence to his counsel; called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.
The prisoners, Oney and Carr said nothing in their defence, nor called any witness to character.
BALDWIN - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ONEY - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.
CARR - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.






               Confined Six Months in the House of Correction
            , and 




               fined One Shilling
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
