





509. 
               
                  
                     CATHARINE 
                     DOBSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of March
, a shirt, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Lazarus 
                     Harding
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  HARDING
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Lazarus 
                  Harding
               



            , I live at No. 43, North-street, Manchester-square


: On the 19th of March, I lost a shirt out of the basket in the wash-house; I had seen it in the wash-house the over night, and when I got up the next morning at five o'clock, I missed it.
Q. Do you know any thing of the prisoner? - A. Yes, she was a lodger in the house; I lodged in the garret, and she in the two pair back room; she lived in the house till she was taken up.
Q. Have you ever seen the shirt since? - A. I saw it about a month ago, directly after she was taken up; I had paid eight shillings to the owner, 
               
                  John 
                  Sprags
               



            , for the shirt.


                  JOHN 
                  UNDERHILL
               



             sworn. - I am a servant to 
               
                  John 
                  Moratt
               



            , a pawnbroker, High-street, Mary-lebone; I produce a shirt pledged by the prisoneron the 30th of last March, I am quite sure she is the person that brought it; she pawned it in the name of Thomson, I lent her four shillings on it. (The shirt identified by the prosecutrix.)
The prisoner did not say any thing in her defence.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
