





185. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     CAMP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 30th of January
, ninety pound weight of lead, value 24 s. and 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Thomas
                        




                     
                  , affixed to a certain building of his called a school room
            .
Second Count for like offence, only stating it to be affixed to a certain building.
And several other Counts, the same as the former, only varying the manner of charging.
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.



                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMAS
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. I believe you keep a school at Enfield




. - A. Yes.
Q. I believe you have for some time past occupied it at the Chase, belonging to Mr. 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Dowsin
               



            . - A. I have.
Q. You have lately removed from that house to another, still retaining that house I have mentioned. - A. Certainly.
Q. Did you go occasionally to visit this house, to see that every thing was right. - A. I did.
Q. Were you there on the 27th of January last. - A. Yes, I think about the 27th, I was there all was right then.
Q. Did you go there on the 30th. - A. On the 30th I cannot swear to; went I went again, the lead was gone from the roof of the frontispiece of the school room, it was affixed to the building.
Q. You found the lead was gone, in consequence of that you gave some information to Mr. Brown, who had put it up for you seven years ago. - A. Yes, Mr. Brown was working for me at the time.
Q. Did you know the prisoner. - A. I did, he worked for a mason whom I employed.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley.
Q. If I understand you Mr. Thomas, you had altogether left this house. - A. I had.
Q. Nobody inhabited it at that time. - A. No, I was still paying rent for it; I have the lease in my pocket, my term is unexpired.
- BROWN sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. I believe you are a plumber and glazier, living at Enfield. - A. I am.
Q. In the evening of the Friday, the 7th of this month, did the prisoner at the bar come to your shop. - A. He did, about seven o'clock in the evening, he told me he had about an hundred weight of lead to sell, he had it with him in a sack; I thought it did not look well that a man of his description should have that lead to sell, I knew his resources, and what wages he had; I told him I had not an opportunity of weighing the lead then, I desired him to leave it till the following morning, if he would call then, I would weigh it, and pay him for it, he went away and left the lead in my premises; the next morning he came again, the lead was weighed, I think it weighed ninety-four pounds, I think I paid him one pound, four shillings, and sixpence for it, at the rate of thirty shillings a hundred; I had previously ordered a man of mine, to be upon the spot, that he might be a witness, that it was the identical lead that I bought of him.
Q. In point of fact, you had received some information from Mr. Thomas. - A. I had; as soon as the prisoner was gone, I examined the lead, I found it to be lead of that description, I fitted it to the place of the school room where the lead had been taken off, it fitted; I am perfectly sure it was the lead of that school room, every nail hole corresponded together, it was cut in four pieces, they all tallied together; the lead is here present under my seal, I delivered it to Mr. Jerry, the officer; I produce the lead.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley.
Q. I suppose you have lived in that neighbourhood a long while; you are the last man in the world that should have been suspected of receiving stolen goods; did not you know the prisoner. - A. He had occasionally worked for me.
Q. The prisoner left the lead with you, and agreed to call the next morning. - A. Yes, he called again the next morning.
Prisoner's Defence. I found this lead as I was going home, I picked it up.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
