





442. 
               
                  
                     JONATHAN 
                     BOOTHMAN
                  , alias 
                     
GEORGE RHODE





             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of May
, a boat, value 8l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Knight
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  KNIGHT
               



             sworn. - On the 10th of May, a quarter before nine in the evening, I stowed my boat at our junk chain, where we fasten them for the night; the prisoner gave me a cast on shore that very night, the next morning the boat was gone, I could not hear any thing of her, till the 15th of May following, when I found her at the Thames Police-office, Wapping, disfigured; I knew her to be my boat; I had hired the boat of Mr. Hodges from February the 22d, up to Christmas next, I was to pay him three shillings per week.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  HODGES
               



             sworn. - I let 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Knight
               



             a wherry-boat, on the 22d of February; I saw the same boat afterwards at the Policeoffice; I built her, and marked her with this marking-iron, five of the marks were punched in her bottom, and four in her keel; I am sure she is the same boat.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MASSINGHAM
               



             sworn. - I was at work, repairing the boat for the prisoner, when the officers came and took it away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MAPHAM
               



             sworn. - I apprehended the prisoner at his lodgings in Old Gravel-lane; I found the boat upon some timbers, a little beyond New Crane-stairs, Mr. Hodge's name is branded on the bottom of the keel.
Prisoner's defence. I bought the boat of a quartermaster, who was in the service with me last war, he is gone to sea again.



               GUILTY
            , aged 59.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
