






664. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SHIMELL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     HOUGHTON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of October
, 160 yards of diaper, value 12 l. 350 table-cloths, value 80 l. 92 pieces of cotton shawls, value 10 l. and 40 sheets of paper, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Sangster
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Atkinson
                  



               
            .
(The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.)


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are one of the officers of Worship-street? - A. I am.
Q. On Sunday night, the 13th of October, were you in company with Mason and Bishop? - A. I was; we came through Red Lion-market into Whitecross-street, in the parish of St. Giles's, Cripplegate; I there observed a coach standing at the curb at the lower end of Whitecross-street, and the coachman
, Houghton, standing by the hind wheel; I went up to the coachman; I said, coachee, have you brought a fare here? he said, yes; I asked him if he was waiting for them again; he said he was; at that instant, Moore, a patrol, called me by name, and then I opened the coach-door, and I saw the shawls laying on the bottom of the coach (witness turning the corner of the wrapper off from one side that contained the shawls), they were to be seen exactly in this manner; this parcel, which contains diaper, was in this bag, this was on the seat of the coach, and these other pieces of table-cloths were laying on the sides against the seat of the coach in the parcels, with the paper in which they are now, in this bag. I then, seeing the goods, shut the coach-door; I desired Houghton to go to the horses' heads and feed them, and I begged the patrol to cry the hour; I believe his name is Moore; I desired Bishop and Mason to stand aside at the bottom of an alley, and I put my great coat, which is a dark one, round me, and pulled my hat over my face, and I went backwards and forwards by the coach; in about three or four minutes I saw Shimel come out of the alley right towards the coach, and in a trifle of time he returned back; I followed him immediately and caught hold of him; he then said, Sir, I am going to make water; I believe those were the words; Moore, the patrol, said, that is the man I let out of the coach; I then turned him round, and on his sides, back, and shoulders, were marks of lint on his coat as if he had been carrying things of this kind; I then put him into the coach with Bishop the officer; the officers were there and saw the lint on his coat as well as I did; and I continued in the neighbourhood about ten minutes, and a number of people surrounded the coach; I found it would not be prudent to stay any longer; I made Mason ride at the top of the coach, and Bishop within, I walking by the side all the way; I conveyed the goods to the office, there I secured them, and I put Shimel into one watch-house and the coachman into another; then I got a man to drive the coach home to Portpool-lane. Houghton said, at the public-house, I believe it was, that he was taken from the stand in Newgate-street by a young man, who rode on the box with him, to take a fare out of Milk-street, from a warehouse over-right against a sugar baker's; the young man that rode upon the box informed him, that the goods he was to carry were to go on board some ship, or on board a ship; he never said positively Shimell was the man; he said at one time he thought Shimell was the man.
Q. Was Shimell present? - A. I believe he was.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Was the coach standing at the bottom of the alley where you saw Shimell? - A. It was not.
Q. How far was it from the alley? - A. As far as it is from here to the end of the Court; there is a communication from that alley to Beech-street.
Mr. Curwood. Q. When you came up you found the coachman standing at the hind wheel of his coach? - A. Yes.
Q. On your saying to him, have you brought a fare here, he very readily told you he had, and that he was waiting for them to return again? - A. Yes, but he did not tell me of any goods in the coach when I was asking him.
Q. You did not ask him if there were any goods in the coach? - A. No.
Mr. Knapp. Q. When he saw you open the coach he did not say there was any thing inside of it? - A. No.


                  DAVID 
                  MOORE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are a patrol? - A. Yes.
Q. On Sunday evening, the thirteenth of this month, were you in Whitecross-street? - A. Yes, I saw a hackney coach stop in Whitecross-street near to Beech-street, about a quarter before eight;it stopped very near to one alley which is not a thoroughfare; the prisoner came out of an alley about thirty yards from where the coach stopped.
Q. How near did you get to the coach before any person came out of it? - A. I opened the coach-door, supposing it to be some of the inhabitants.
Q. Was there any lamp facing the coach-door? - A. Exactly facing the coach-door; two men got out of the coach and walked down Beech-street, and seeing a large bundle in the coach I had suspicion; I asked the coachman if they were the men that took him up; he said they took him to Milk-street; I related the circumstance to Mr. Armstrong when he came up, and I left the coach and went and cried the hour, and when I returned to Beech-street, Armstrong and the other officers had got the prisoner Shimell.
Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner Shimell that evening before? - A. I had let him out of the coach.
Q. Was Shimell present at the time Armstrong asked you any questions? - A. He was; I told Armstrong Shimell was one of the men that I had let out of the coach; he asked me what kind of a person the other man was; I told him he was shorter and stouter.
Q. Did you observe the appearance of Shimell's coat or any thing else? - A. I did not.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. The two persons that got out of the coach, whoever they were, did you see their persons after they got out of the coach? - A. I did.
Q. It was your seeing the parcels in the coach that gave you suspicion? - A. It was.
Q. Therefore at the time the two persons got out of the coach you had no suspicion then? - A. I always look when I come and open a coach-door, to see if they are any of the inhabitants: I know them all well; I have been in that neighbourhood a long time.
Q. When you were asked whether he was the person, then you had a suspicion that he was? - A. I had a suspicion before that.
Q. Your suspicions of his being that person were aided by his being in custody - you were not there at the time before to point him out to Armstrong? - A. I was not.
Q. You say the two persons went down Beech-street? - A. Yes.
Mr. Curwood. Q. When you went up to the coachman he told you he brought them from Milk-street? - A. Yes.
Q. When you asked the coachman if he had any thing in the coach he said he had? - A. I saw the parcels.
Mr. Knapp. Q. You observed the persons of the two men who came out of the coach? - A. Yes; they were entire strangers to me.
Q. But upon seeing the person of the prisoner Shimell again, had you any doubt that he was one of the persons that got out of the coach? - A. No, I had none.


                  MILES 
                  WHITELOCK
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are warehouseman to Messrs. 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Sangster
               



             and 
               
                  George 
                  Atkinson
               



             - they are warehousemen in Milk-street, Cheapside? - A. They are.
Q. Will you look at these goods now produced, and tell us whether you know them to be the property of Messrs. Sangster and Atkinson? - A. I believe the whole of them are; I am sure the diapers are, on the early part of the morning I saw them there.
Mr. Gurney. Q. Have they any other partners? - A. No.
- HURLOCK sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are the porter? - A. Yes: I locked up the warehouse on Saturday about four o'clock; I threw wrappers all over the goods, and put the key in the usual place.
Q. Look at these goods and tell us whether they were in the warehouse on Saturday? - A. Yes, they were.
Q. When did you first discover that the warehouse had been robbed? - A. On Monday afternoon about two o'clock; the wrappers were laying on the floor, and all the goods were missing.
Shimell's defence. I had been out on that evening where I had been accustomed so to do; I had a pint of porter at Mr. Thomas's, Aldersgate-street; I was going to see a friend in Banner-street; I came up Golden-lane and so round this alley into Whitecross-street; I was quite surprised seeing a a man suddenly lay hold of me; I never saw the man till he had me in his arms; he says he saw some lint on my back; he never looked at my back till after I got out of the coach.
Armstrong. I looked at him the moment I brought him to the coach-door; I turned him round to the officers.
Bishop. I stood at the hind part of the coach and he at the front when the prisoner was in custody; I fetched a light before he got into the coach, and Armstrong held him up and we both saw it.
Houghton's defence. On Sunday night, about half-past seven, I got upon the box; a young man came to me; I asked him if he wanted a coach; he said, yes, he had got some packs going to the East Indies; I asked him where I was to take up; he said in Milk-street; going down Milk-street he told me to stop, and he brought these two parcels in, he said there is only a small parcel coming next; he came in and another shortish person with him; I asked them where I was to go to; they told me to Whitecross-street, near Beech-street: when I arrived there, directly, before I got off the box,the patrol opened the door and let them out; they went towards Beech-street; I said, it is very odd their going away, I have brought some goods out of Cheapside, and they have left the goods in the coach; Mr. Armstrong came and said, have you got any goods; I said, yes, and they have gone to the corner of Beech-lane, and gone away; after that Mr. Armstrong caught a young man and he asked the patrol if that was one of the men he let out of the coach; the patrol said it was.
Court. Q. Do you know the young man that fetched you? - A. I think this is the young man that fetched me; I told them I thought it was the young man by his voice.
Shimell called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Houghton called two witnesses who gave him a good character.
Court. I would have the coachman to be let off with an entire good character.
Shimell, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 17,




               Transported for seven years
            .
Houghton, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
