





264. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CONNOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of February
, a pocket-handkerchief, value 2s. 6d. the property of 
                     
                        John-William 
                        Greace
                     




                  , privately from his person
            .
JOHN - WILLIAM GREACE sworn. - On the 15th of this month, about half past four o'clock, I was passing down Gracechurch-street


 in my way out of Town, a man passed me very rapidly, and exclaimed, sir, you have been robbed! almost at the same instant, about two yards before me, he seized the prisoner by the collar; I felt my pocket where my money was, and also where my handkerchief was, that was my coat pocket, I missed my pocket-handkerchief, my money was safe; I had not seen the handkerchief taken, nor had I seen or felt the prisoner at all, I was not conscious of it; I kept my eyes upon him, his breast was opened, and my pocket-handkerchief was between his skin and his shirt, under his arm; the officer desired him to submit, and go with him. I told the officer I should appear against him; I thought it my duty to the public. The officer kept the handkerchief, it was marked.


                  THOMAS 
                  SIMPSON
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: On Tuesday, the 15th, I observed this man in Cornhill; I followed him, about twenty minutes, in Cornhill, Bishopsgate-street, and Gracechurch-street; I saw him attempt several gentleman's pockets in Gracechurch-street, between Fenchurch-street and Eastcheap; I saw him very closely pursue this gentleman, who was walking arm in arm with another gentleman; I was on the right hand side of the way, and he on the left, going towards London-bridge; a post-chaise passed between him and me, the moment the post-chaise passed me, I saw the prisoner go by the gentleman as quick as he could; I thought the gentleman had lost something.
Q. You mean the prosecutor? - A. Yes. I ran, across the way, and took him by the collar, and said, stop! I said to Mr. Greace, I believe you have lost something.
Q. Did you see the prisoner do any thing? - A. I saw him do nothing but draw his hand out of his bosom, and run by the gentleman as fast as he could run; I thought he had picked the gentleman's pocket of something, because he passed him so quick. Mr. Greace felt in his pocket, and said, he had lost his handkerchief; I said to the prisoner, what you have got, give to me; he immediately put his right hand in his bosom under his arm, and brought out this handkerchief, it is a figured cotton handkerchief, I have kept it from that time to this. (Producing it).
Mr. Greace. This is my handkerchief, there is I.G. and No. 2; I have one of the same pattern in my pocket, I have had it about five weeks; I bought a dozen of them, they cost me at the rate of two shillings and seven pence each; I don't think it is diminished in it's value; I am certain I had it in my pocket at Lloyd's Coffee-house.
Prisoner's defence. I was going to work, going by this gentleman I picked up this handkerchief; I kept it in my left hand till I delivered it to the constable.
GUILTY, aged 24,
Of 


               stealing to the value of 10d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
