






346. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     TOWERS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     TOWERS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of April
, a game cock, value 5 s. and five hens, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Evan 
                     Evans
                  




               
            .


                  EVAN 
                  EVANS
               



             sworn. - I am a farmer
, I live at Hanwell


: On Saturday night, the 6th of April, my yard was robbed of eighteen fowls out of the fowl-house.

Q. Is your yard an enclosed yard? - A. It is where I keep my horses, and every thing else an open shed; I lost a cock, seventeen hens, a pair of white ducks, and a spotted Muscovy drake; I published some hand-bills, and offered twenty guineas reward; I heard of my property, and found some of my fowls at a lady's house, who had purchased them.
- FOOT sworn. - I am a poor day-labouring man, I live at Belfont: The woman prisoner came, on the 7th of April, to sell some fowls; I told her the gentlewoman was not up; she came again, about half an hour after seven, with four fowls; she asked half a crown a piece for them of Mrs. Barnes; the lady sent them down to me, she bought three hens and a cock, I gave her 10 s. for the four; I produce the cock, the woman was then alone. (The cock identified by the prosecutor.)
Foot. About an hour afterwards the man came along the high road, we took him the same day these things were sold to Mrs. Barnes; both the man and woman came by Mrs. Barnes's gate about a quarter of an hour afterwards with more fowls.
- sworn. - I am servant to Mrs. Barnes: I saw the woman when she came on the Sunday morning; she brought half a dozen fowls in a basket; the fowls were taken up to my mistress in her bed-room; she purchased four of them, and gave her ten shillings for them.


                  JAMES 
                  COOPER
               



             sworn. - I keep a public-house at Pelfont: The man came in, on the 7th of April, and called for a pint of beer.
Q. Any body with him? - A. No.
Q. What time of the day? - A. About half-past seven; he called for a pint of beer, and after he had drank that he called for another, and before he had drank the second pint the woman came in; she said to him, I am obliged to wait, for the gentlewoman is not up; she had not a basket with her then.


                  Joseph 
                  Tower
               



            's defence. I am innocent of the crime, I was not nigh the place, I had not seen my wife for a week, till I went into that gentleman's house and had a pint of beer, I had been into Berkshire to work at the nursery-gardens.


                  Jane 
                  Towers
               



            's defence. I was hunting on the common, and found them in the basket in the furze-bushes, and I took them to the gentlewoman's house to get the money if I could; I have got six small children; my husband had not seen me for a week; I was glad to sell them to get a bit of bread; I saw my husband go into the public-house; I went to him; he never knew any thing about it; he never saw the fowls nor the money.


                  Joseph 
                  Towers
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            , aged 48.




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  Jane 
                  Towers
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
