





162. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     SHAW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 8th of February
 twenty-five yardsof baize, value 20 shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Stirtevant
               




            .


                  THOMAS 
                  STIRTEVANT
               



             sworn. I am a hosier
, I live in Bishopsgate-street


, I can only speak to the property.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STENE
               



             sworn. I keep a broker's shop in Shoreditch, on Sunday evening the 8th of February, between the hours of six and seven o'clock, I was walking along Bishopsgate street, I saw the prisoner Shaw take a roll of flannel out of Mr. Stirtevant's shop; he came towards me, I catched him in my arms with the flannel under his arm; he dropped it; Mr. Stirtevant's shopman came out and picked the flannel up, I took the prisoner into Mr. Stirtevant's shop, I never loosed him till I got him into the shop.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WARD
               



             sworn. Q. You are a servant to Mr. Stirtevant. - A. I am. On Saturday evening between the hours of six and seven o'clock, I heard a man say you have stole that flannel; upon which I run out, I saw the prisoner in his arms struggling and attempting to get away, I saw the flannel on the ground, I immediately picked it up.
Q. I suppose the flannel stood at the door. - A. Yes.
Q. It was owing to the alarm that you missed it. - A. Yes; I produce the flannel, it is my master's property, I know it by the private mark.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking along when this man laid hold of me; I saw the flannel lay by the door, this gentleman came after me, he said he saw me drop it. I do not know any thing about the rool of flannel.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury before Mr. Recorder.
