





39. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SINCLAIR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Aaron 
                        Brooks
                     




                  , about the hour of eight in the night of the 6th of November
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing one pair of leather shoes, value 5s.
             the property of Aaron Brooks.
AARON BROOKS sworn. - I live in High-street, Shadwell


, I am a shoe-maker
, I keep the house, I have no partner: On the 6th of November, between seven and eight o'clock at night, my window was broken, and a pair of men's shoes taken out.
Court. Q. How was the window broke? - A. There was a small hole which I had broken myself, and mended it with a small piece of strong paper; and secured it by wafers four days before; that paper was pushed on one side, and the hole made bigger; the shoes I never heard of till the officers brought them to me, and asked me whether they were my shoes; I told him I had no doubt of it in the least, by the two letters of the man's name I bought the shoes of; I was not present when the shoes were taken out.
Court. Q. Therefore you don't know whether they were taken out that instant? - A. I know that the shoes were there ten minutes before I missed them.
TIMOTHY JAQUES sworn. - I am a baker, I live in Essex-street, Whitechapel; John States and William Sinclair came to me on Thursday, the 6th of November; they had a pair of shoes, and they asked me whether I would buy them; I don't know which it was that offered them me; they asked me three shillings and sixpence, and I gave them three shillings and sixpence because they fitted me; I threw the money upon the table, but who took it up I cannot tell.
Court. Q. What did you do with the shoes? - A. I wore them till the prisoners were taken; and Mr. Haynes, the officer, hearing I had a pair of shoes, he applied to me, and I gave them to him.
JOSEPH HAYNES sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Shadwell High-street: On Thursday last; the 4th of December, I received these shoes from Mr. Jaques, (produces them); I asked him how he came by them; he told me he had bought them of the accomplice, States, and the prisoner at the bar, and that he had given three shillings and sixpence for them; I asked him when he bought them, and he said, on the 6th of November, about eight o'clock at night; I went to the shoe-maker with the shoes, and he said, he had lost such a pair of shoes marked J. K.
Brooks. I have no doubt but these are the same shoes, there is J. K. upon them; it is the man's mark I bought them of.
- WOODROOFE sworn - I am a hairdresser, I live at No. 25, Shadwell High street, next door to Mr. Brook's: On the 6th of November, between seven and eight o'clock, I went to my own shop door, and looking towards Mr. Brooks's shop, I saw the prisoner at the bar, and this man. States, at the window; I could see the face of States, but not the face of Sinclair; I passed by them, and I thought I saw a piece of paper move; then I crossed the way; suspecting they meant to rob the shop, I stood opposite, and I thought I saw the prisoner Sinclair's arm move, and drawing a pair of shoes out of the window, and giving them to States, who then moved away.
Q. What became of Sinclair? - A. They both walked away from the window, I then went to Mr. Brooks's, and asked him if he had lost any thing; he told me, a pair of shoes.
Q. You are sure you saw States there? - A. Yes.
Q. And you believe the other boy was there likewise? - A. I believe he was, but I did not see his face clearly.
Q.(To Jaques.) Are you sure that States was one of the boys that sold you the shoes? - A. I am positive of it.
ROBERT BROWN sworn. - I am an officer, I apprehended States in the morning of the 16th of November; and, about four o'clock on the same day, Jaques came and informed me that Sinclair was at his house with a watch, which he did not think Sinclair came honestly by.
JOHN STATES sworn. - I work with my father at the water-side; I have known Sinclair about a twelvemonth: On the 6th of November, between seven and eight o'clock, I and Sinclair were going down High-street, Shadwell, and we saw this shoe shop, and seeing nobody in it, William Sinclair shoved his hand through the window, and took out a pair of shoes, and he gave them to me; I walked away, and put them into my pocket; we were coming back to get some more, and we saw a gentleman standing on the other side of the way, with a light coloured coat on; we thought this gentleman was looking at us, and we made the best of our way off; we went into Catherine-wheelalley, and sold them to 
               
                  Timothy 
                  Jaques
               



             for 3s. 6d. that is all I know.
Prisoner's defence. I have nothing to say, I only want the things that the officer took from me.




               GUILTY, aged 13, of stealing, but not of the burglary
            . - 


               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
