





360. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of February
, fifty-three yards of dimity, value 2l. 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Smith
               




            , and others.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I am a warehouseman
; my partners' names are, 
               
                  John 
                  Lindsey
               



            , 
               
                  William 
                  Smith
               



            , John Dunlop, and 
               
                  William 
                  Linsay
               



            ; our warehouses are in Watling-street


: On the 17th of February, the dimity was taken out of a bale of goods which lay in the yard; the bale was cut about four o'clock in the afternoon; the prisoner was seen to take the goods, and was seized.
WILLIAM CLARKE sworn. - I was going down Watling-street, on the 17th of February, about four o'clock, and observed the prisoner and two other men at the corner of the Old-change, in Watling-street, the two men were assisting the prisoner on with a great coat; upon which, the prisoner ran across the way, and turned up the prosecutors' gateway, where the bales were; I saw him stoop, and pick up something; whether it was out of the bale, I don't know, but he put it under his coat, and turned round, and I seized him with the piece; a lad came down the yard, and we took the prisoner up the yard; the bale appeared to be cut; we asked the prisoner if he had a knife; he said, no, and soon after dropped one from his pocket; while I was with the prisoner, the other two men ran away.
THOMAS M'GEORGE sworn. - I am clerk to the prosecutors; I saw the prisoner drop the piece of goods; Mr. Clarke had not laid hold of him then, but did just afterwards.(The piece of dimity produced and identified.)


                  JOHN 
                  PEARS
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to the prosecutors; I asked the prisoner if he had a knife; he said, no; and soon after he dropped one, which I picked up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKSON
               



             sworn. - I am an officer, and took the prisoner and property into custody.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
