






538. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RONALDSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CARRUTHERS
                  




               
             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of October

, three gallons of oil of turpentine, value 18s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Shuttleworth
               



            , and the other for 


               receiving the same, knowing it to have been stolen
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)
JOHN SHUTTLEWORTH sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a manufacturer of oil of turpentine
, in Sun Tavern-fields; the prisoner was in the service as a distiller
; I have discovered since his apprehension, that he has robbed me of nearly half a ton; in consequence of suspicion I apprehended him on the 6th of June, and took him before Mr. 
               
                  Rupert 
                  Clark
               



            , the Magistrate at Shadwell; I attended the examination, when his confession was taken in writing.
Q. Did you give him any reason to suppose he should have favour if he confessed the robberies upon you that he had been guilty of? - A. None whatever; but the contrary.
Q. Did the Magistrate give him any hopes of mercy to induce him to make that confession? - A. None whatever.
Q. Had you any knowledge, except from what you learned from Ronaldson, that a person of the name of Sevier had been concerned.
Mr. Alley. Q. Did you not tell him if he confessed you would not hurt him? - A Upon my oath I did not; I will tell you what I did say; I told him the only recompence he could now make me, was to give up the person who had received it.
Q. Did you not follow that up by saying you would be lenient to him? - A. No; on the contrary, I assured him he had nothing to expect from me.


                  RUPERT 
                  CLARK
               



            , Esq. sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You were the Magistrate before whom the prisoner, Ronaldson, was examined? - A. I was.
Q. Is that your signature? - A. It is; it was read over to him, and he signed it.
Q. Did you make him any promise to induce him to make that confession? - A. NO. (It is read).
"The examination and voluntary confession of John Ronaldson, for felony, taken from the 6th of June, 1801, before me, Rupert Clark, Esq. - John Ronaldson, I am distiller to Mr. John Shuttleworth, turpentine-manufacturer, Sun Tavernfields, and have been about three years; I acknowledge having taken, at different times, from my master's manufactory, several quantities of oil of turpentine, which I employed a man of the name of William Sevier, a Bristol man, to take to Mr. King's, who keeps an oil and colour-shop in High-street, Shadwell, to receive the money; I have known Sevier about twelve months; he was a journeyman painter, and used the Artichoke, Artichoke-hill, Ratcliffe-highway; I have met him there, and talked about his taking oil of turpentine to sell; I always took the oil of turpentine, which I took from my master's house, in bladders, but Sevier was to take it to Mr. King's in bottles."
Q.(To Mr. Shuttleworth). Oil of turpentine is not a thing commonly used? - A. No.
Mr. Knapp. Q. A painter, I take it, would be in possession of oil of turpentine? - A. Certainly, in small quantities.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SEVIER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a painter and glazier; I haveknown Ronaldson ten or eleven months: On Sun. day I met him in Stepney-fields, in consequence of which he afterwards called at my house for me; I went with him to the Wheatsheaf, near the Spice Islands; he said, where he lived, he had but 16s. a week, and there were little perquisites allowed him by his master; he said they were oil of turpentine; he asked me if I would sell it for him, as I being in the line knew better where to dispose of it than he did; I told him I did not like to have any thing to do with it; after that he called upon me again, and asked me if I had seen any person about it; I told him I was afraid to have any hand in it at all; he said I need not be afraid, for it was safe enough, it was perquisites that his master allowed him; I told him if it was so, I would look out for a person, that was about ten months ago; I was recommended by a person of the name of Beare to Mr. Carruthers; about six or seven weeks before Christmas I went to Mr. Carruther's house, in Pitfield-street, Old-street-road, he is a plumber, painter, and glazier; I saw Mr. Carruthers, and I told him I came from William Beare, and he said he knew him very well; I said I came about some turpentine that Beare had been speaking to him about last club night; he said he understood I did; I asked him if he would have some spirits of turpentine; he said he would; he asked me if it was good; I told him it was very good, as far as I knew; he then asked me if it was safe; I told him it was not mine, but it was very safe, as far as I knew.
Q. What do you understand by safe? - A. I don't know what he meant.
Q. What did you mean when you told him it was safe? - A. I did not know but it was the man's perquisites; he asked me how much there was; I told him I could not rightly tell.
Q. Do you mean at this time to swear that you thought it was the man's perquisites, that he came honestly by it? - A. Yes; then Mr. Carruthers asked me when I would bring it, and how much it was a gallon; I told him it could not be dear at 4s. 6d. a gallon; he said that was too much, he would give me 4s. a gallon; I told him I would bring it in the course of a day or two; after I had done work, at six o'clock, I told Ronaldson what had passed; he said, we will take him some, and so be took one bottle, and I another, two days after; Ronaldson and I went together.
Q. How much do you think those two bottles contained? - A. The bottles contained about four or five gallons, but I cannot rightly say how much there was in each, we both went, I told him we had brought the spirits of turpentine; he said, very well, and took it; we told him what the bottles held; he said, are you sure of it; I said, there was full measure; I believe one bottle had three gallons, and the other two and a half; he paid us at a public-house the corner of Pitfield-street; he put the money upon the table, and I took it up; I gave the money to Ronaldson.
Q. Did he enquire, either of you or Ronaldson, who he was? - A. NO.
Q. Not how either of you came by it? - A. No, he did not.
Q. Were you afterwards taken before the Justice? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you afterwards go with any of the officers to Mr. Carruthers's house? - A. Yes; I rung him up, he opened the door; I said, how are you, and then Brown, the officer, went in.
Q. Who did you work for? - A. Mrs. Baker.
Q. How much turpentine do you use in the course of a year? - A.About six gallons, but we had hardly and business after my master died; we kept to plumbing and glazing.
Q. Did you know where the prisoner, Ronaldson, lived? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know his mother-in-law? - A. Yes, but not by name.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You did not know Carruthers before this time at all? - A. No.
Q.Beare you knew before? - A. Yes.
Q. What was Beare? - A. A plumber, glazier, and painter, in Long-lane.
Q. Then it was through the representation of Beare that you went to Carruthers? - A. Yes.
Q. When you went to Carruthers, and he said, is it safe, that was before any bargain was struck? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you understand by that, that he asked whether it was honestly come by or not? - A. I understood so, and I told him it was safe.
Q. What time of the day was it when you took it? - A.Between eight and nine in the evening.
Q.Before the shop was shut up? - A. Yes.
Q. He did not measure them, but relied upon the engagement he had made before? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you recollect the sort of oil, the quality of it? - A. It looked like any other.
Q. You don't know but it might be damaged? - A. I cannot say.
Q. Did you not say, before the Magistrate, it was damaged? - A. I related that to Beare beforehand; I told Beare it was damaged spirits of turpentine, that was allowed to a young man by his master for perquisites.
Q. He paid you in the public-house? - A. Yes.
Q. So that any person might see it? - A. yes.
Court. Q. The oil was not at the public-house? - A. No.
Q. Did he empty the oil out of the bottles that you carried it in? - A. Yes.
Q. Could he, in pouring it out, distinguish the quality? - A. He could see whether it was damaged or not.
ANN RUNSLEY sworn - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Ronaldson married my daughter; Ihave lived with him a good many years as a servant.
Q. Was your son-in-law acquainted with Sevier? - A. Yes, he used to come.
Q. Do you know what he came about? - A. No; when he came, they used to go into the garden.
Q. Do you know any thing respecting any oil of turpentine? - A. No; only there was a bottle found in a bag in the back kitchen after it was found out.


                  ANN 
                  CULLEN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Sevier lodges in my house; the prisoner, Ronaldson, used to call at my house upon Savier; he generally had with him either a stone bottle, or a small flask in a basket.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I belong to Shadwell Police-office: On the 9th of June, about six in the morning, I went to execute a search-warrant at the house of Carruthers, with Mr. Hillery, a clerk of Mr. Shuttleworth's, Sevier, Holebrook, and Elby; Sevier pointed out the house to us; I sent Savier forward to get admittance; when he got admittance, I followed him in: I saw Carruthers without his coat, he was then speaking to Sevier; I told him I was come for some oil of turpentine; he said, he had none; I told him he had bought some of Sevier; Sevier was in the shop with me; I desired him to shew me where he kept his oil of turpentine; he took down a key, and went backwards into the yard; he unlocked a little place like a colour-shop in the shed in the yard; I searched, and found a carboy full of oil of turpentine; a carboy is a glass bottle fastened in a wicker basket; I made further search, and under the bench in the shop there was another carboy, which I examined, and found to be nearly three parts full of oil of turpentine; I then said to Carruthers, how could you tell me you had none; I asked him then again how he came by it; he told me he had it from the young man, pointing to Sevier, and another young man, that they had come together.
Q. What might this carboy hold? - A. I believe about seven or eight gallons, I am not certain; I then asked him how many times he had had of him; he told me from six to eight times; I asked him how much they brought at a time; he told me from six to seven gallons; he told me he did not always come with oil of turpentine, but sometimes for money, that they always came together; he said he had given after the rate of 4s. a gallon; I secured the property, and Mr. Carruthers was taken before the Magistrate; I was present when Mr. Hillery took samples of the oil; we have the car boys in Court.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. What is the defendant's shop? - A. He carries on plumbing, painting, and glazing.
Q. Are you sure that he could hear the question that you put to him, whether he knew any thing of any oil of turpentine? - A. He was very close to me.
Q. Do you know whether, in point of fact, he is deaf or not? - A. I do not.
Q.However, he afterwards told you he had it from Sevier? - A. Yes.
Q. And he told you that four shillings was the price? - A. Yes.


                  GEORGE 
                  HILLERY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am clerk to Mr. Shuttleworth; I attended the search-warrant at Carruthers's house, and took samples of the oil found at his house.(Produces them).
Q. Has it the appearance of damaged, or good oil? - A. Good oil.
Mr. Shuttleworth. It is as good as ever was manufactured.
Q. Have you ever allowed any perquisites at all to your men of that article? - A. Never.
Mr. Knapp. Q. It is an article that is used by painters? - A. Yes, painters generally use it.
Q. Will you venture to swear to one bottle of oil of turpentine to distinguish it from another? - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  CRUCHFIELD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. In December last what was the price of oil of turpentine? - A. From six shilling and sixpence to seven shillings.
Q.Look at that oil, and see if it is good oil, and marketable? - A. They both appear to be very good.
The prisoners left their defence to their Counsel.
- BANKS sworn. - I told Mr. Carruthers some oil of turpentine last October, at six shillings a gallon: he generally had a gallon of turpentine and a gallon of linseed oil.
The prisoner Carruthers called five other witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Ronaldson, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Carruthers, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
