





227. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of January
, a silver watch, value 5l. the property of 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Chantry
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Morris
                     



.
FRANCIS CHANTRY sworn. - I am a carver
, I lodge in the house of Mr. Taylor, Queen-street: On the 27th of January, I laid at the house of Mr. William Morris; the premises had been broke open; Mr. Morris was out, Mrs. Morris desired me and another person to sleep in the house till he came home. In the evening I took the watch out of my pocket and laid it on some goods beside the bed. In the morning I went off to my employ, and forgot to take my watch with me; I returned in the evening, and told Mr. Morris I had left my watch, he was then returned home; I took a candle to look for it in the place I left it, when I came there I found the goods had been removed, and the watch gone; I told Mr. Morris; he said, nobody had any thing to do with the goods but his workmen. I returned the next Saturday, and found the prisoner was in custody. I saw my watch at the Mansion-house on Monday; the prisoner confessed, on his examination, he had took the watch, and pawned it; I knew it by the maker's name, Brown, Sheffield, and a notch I made in opening it; it is a silver hunting watch; there was a part of the ribbon I could swear to.
THOMAS NEWLAND sworn. - I am a pawnbroker: The prisoner pledged a silver hunting watch with me, the 28th of January, for one guinea; I am sure the prisoner is the person; I never saw him before; I gave him a duplicate. It was but the day after or next day I was called upon to speak to the business. (The watch was produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prosecutor. The prisoner worked at Mr. Morris's; I had seen him about the premises.
Prisoner's defence. On Friday morning Mr. Morris came down, and said, if any one would confess what was become of the watch, he would say no more about it, but pay us our wages, and discharge us; I told him, the watch was pawned; I meant to return the watch as soon as I could take it out.
Q.(To the Prosecutor.) Is Mr. Morris's name William? - A. Yes.
Q. What is the value of the watch? - A.Five pounds; I gave six guineas for it three months ago.




               GUILTY, of stealing to the value of 39s.
             aged 30.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder
