






817. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HUMPHREYS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BAMBER
                  , alias 
                     
JAMES BISHOP





            , were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Stockdale
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of nine at night, on the 22nd of September
, and stealing therein two carpets, value 6 l. his property
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Alley.


                  JAMES 
                  IRELAMD
               



            . I am a hatter and hosier, the corner of King-street, Bloomsbury


. On the night of the 22nd of September, a little after nine o'clock, I saw two men at the door of the house Mr. Stockdale formerly lived in, I saw them open the door in a curious way, they first looked about to see if any body noticed them; I saw them go in and shut the door very gently, I immediately went to Mr. Stockdale at the next door and gave information, after I had alarmed Mr. Stockdale, I got several people, the porter unlocked the door for us, we went in, Mr. Stockdale remained outside and several others, I was about the fourth man that went up stairs, on my going up the stairs I heard a running in the first floor, we immediately holloed out take care of the windows; I ran down stairs, and before I could get into the street these two men were secured.


                  JOHN 
                  STOCKDALE
               



            . I am a bookseller
 in Picadilly; I formerly resided in the house which was broken open. I now live at the next house.
Q. Had you at the time this offence was committed any intention of returning there - A. No. My son sleeps in the house below. I went to the house with the last witness, I was in the act of going in, Mrs. Stockdale called out the thieves are coming from the windows; I observed Bishop in the act of dropping from the drawing room, as I was in the act of seizing him Humphreys jumped out of the window, he was hanging by the leads or the lamp iron rails, I laid hold of the bottom of his coat; as soon as he had let go I seized him with my right hand and Bishop with my left hand, we forced them into the passage of my shop. I placed them on two chairs, I searched them to see if they had any fire arms, they had none. I left them in custody of my friends, and returned to the house.
Q. The carpets in your house were your property. - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  WEBB
               



            . Q. Were you one of the party that went into the house. - A. I was the first that went up stairs; as I was agoing up stairs I heard a scuffling, I opened the drawing room door, I saw a man going out of the window, and before I got out to the window he was out. I had a candle in my hand; his back was towards me; I cannot swear to either of the prisoners. On the second step of the second floor I found these seven skeleton keys and this stick.


                  JAMES 
                  PAGE
               



            . I was coming past Mr. Stockdale's house at the time, I saw Humphreys come out of the window, as soon as he came down on the ground I catched him by the collar; I assisted in taking him into Mr. Stockdale's house.


                  HENRY 
                  WHITE
               



            . Q. At the time these people were apprehended, did you see any one come out of the window. - A. Yes, Bishop, I seized him by the collar. I kept him in custody till Mr. Stockdale came up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HILLMAN
               



            . I am a porter to Mr. Stockdale.

Q. Were you in the house of Mr. Stockdale on that evening before any of the people were there - A. Yes; at half past six o'clock; I saw the two carpets on a chair in a small room adjoining the drawing room; they were folded up.
Q. After the prisoners were apprehended did you see were the carpets were - A. I found them in separate directions, they were on the floor, the furthest carpet was about three yards from the chair, and the other about a foot and a half; one laid to the right and the other to the left, and the chairs were in the same places.


                  JOHN 
                  HEDGER
               



            . I am a servant of Mr. Stockdale's; I was in the house about half past seven, I saw the carpets were on the chairs; about nine o'clock I unlocked the door for Mr. Ireland, the carpets were then on the floor.
Q. Could they have been removed by accident - A. No, they could not be thrown off by any body by accident, in different directions as they were.


                  ROBERT 
                  TOWNSEND
               



            . I was constable of the night. I searched the prisoners at the watchhouse; I found upon Humphreys a bottle of phosphorus and matches, I found a knife and two common keys on Bishop.
The prisoners left their defence to their counsel.
HUMPHREYS 


               GUILTY
            , aged 27.
BAMBER, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 33,
Of stealing, but not of the burglary.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
