





754. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     RUSTED
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Clarkson
                     




                  , about the hour of four in the night of the 24th of September
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing a shirt, value 4s.
             the property of the said Robert.


                  HARRY 
                  WALKER
               



             sworn. - I live with Robert Clarkson, in Manor-row, Tower-hill


, in the parish of St. Botolph, Aldgate


; I sleep in the shop: About half past four in the morning of the 25th of September, I was awaked with the noise of breaking of glass in the fan-light over the door; I looked up, and saw a man's head above the fan-light.
Q. Was it by the lamp-light that you discovered it to be a man's head? - A. There was a lamp about a yard from him; I got up and awaked Mr. Clarkson; I was not gone two minutes; Mr. Clarkson returned with me; the man was then gone; we waited a short time, and the man came again to the fan-light; that might be in about five minutes; he went away again, and returned in a few minutes, when he put his arm through the glass of the fanlight, and Mr. Clarkson seized it, while I went out at another door, and secured him outside.
Q. How high is this fan-light from the ground? - A. Ten feet; he must have been assisted by somebody; I did not see any other person when I came out; the prisoner is the man that I secured; I missed a shirt which I had seen at eight o'clock the night before; it was hanging upon the line, near the fanlight; there were three hanging upon the line, but this was the only one within his reach.
Q. Did you find any shirt upon him? - A. No.
Q. What sort of light was it? - A. It was then twilight.
Q. So that you could easily distinguish the features of the prisoner? - A. Yes.


                  ROBERT 
                  CLARKSON
               



             sworn. - I live in Manor-row: 
               
                  Harry 
                  Walker
               



             called me on the morning ofthe 25th of September, I got up and went down stairs with him directly; I waited a little bit, and a man came up to the fan light, and put his arm in; I then heard some person say, they are coming; and immediately I heard a footstep, and the prisoner dropped down from the fan light; I then went up stairs and dressed myself; 
               
                  Harry 
                  Walker
               



             dressed himself also; I came down again, and saw the man at the fan-light again; and again, some person came past, and the man dropped again; in a little time, a person, which was the prisoner at the bar, came up to the same situation at the fan-light, and put his arm into the same place; I then laid hold of his arm and held him there, till 
               
                  Harry 
                  Walker
               



             went out and secured him; we took him to the watch-house, but there was nothing found upon him; I missed a shirt; we always spread the shirts so, that it is impossible not to miss them if one is gone; the line was within a foot of the light.
Prisoner. Q. Can you undertake to say, that I was the first person that broke the window? - A. No.
Prisoner's defence. As I was going along, I thought I heard a noise in the shop, and saw the window broke; I stepped up, and put my hand upon the frame of the window, and looked in to see what was the matter, and my hand was laid hold of directly.
Clarkson. His arm was through, quite up to the shoulder. GUILTY. (Aged 16.)
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  THOMPSON
               



            .
