





193. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     JEFFREY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 15th of January
, eight pair of shoes, value 1 l. and a pair of half boots, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Walter 
                     Martyn
                  




               
            .


                  WALTER 
                  MARTYN
               



            . I am a cordwainer
, I live at No. 13, Marybone lane


. I only know that I lost the shoes and the half boots, they were hung at the shop door, on the entrance of the shop. I had seen them there in the morning.


                  THOMAS 
                  CAVE
               



            . I am a Chinaman. On the 15th of February, about one o'clock, I saw the prisoner at the bar, and a lad with him, loitering about for half an hour, I kept my eye upon them, from their appearance, to see what they were about to do. I saw them both at Mr. Martyn's door, they were both in the act of lifting off a bundle of shoes from a hook, they were tied in a bundle together; the prisoner at the bar had a sacking apron on him. When they were taken off the hook he held his apron up, and they were thrown into his apron. I judged they were coming towards me, instead of which they went up Marybone lane. I had a door in my warehouse that led there, I went through after them, and in the middle of the road, about ten yards further, I laid hold of the prisoner; the other boy made his escape. I brought him to Mr. Martyn's, he not being at home I took him to the watchhouse. I delivered the shoes to the constable.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. The other boy as I was running along, says he to me will you have some shoes, I says yes, if you will give them me, I want a pair very badly. He said take these.



               GUILTY
            , aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Sutton
               



            .
