





83. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     RICHARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 5th of January
, one yard of Florentine silk, value 10 s. one yard and a half of lutestring, value 5 s. 3 d. seven yards and three quarters of a yard of sarsnet, value 2 l. 3 s. 6 d. one yard and a quarter of a yard of lutestring, value 5 s. 7 d. and six hempen wrappers, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Clay
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Smith
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Haines
                  



               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Gleed.


                  RICHARD 
                  SMITH
               



            ; examined by Mr. Gleed. I live in Crown court, Cheapside, my partners names are 
               
                  William 
                  Clay
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Haines
               



            , we are silk manufacturers


. The prisoner at the bar was in our employ for eight years as porter
, and trusted with the management of silks, which silks he was to measure and roll up
.
Q. In consequence of any information did you say any thing to the prisoner and when. - A. I had some reasons to suspect him, in consequence of some suspicion. On the 5th of January I taxed him with robbing me, and he immediately confessed; I said to him, Edward you have been in my employ a great while, I conceive you are a very great rascal; I told him he had robbed me, he said, sir I have. I asked him what he had done with the property he had taken from me; he refused to tell me. In consequence of that I sent for Leadbetter the constable.
Q. Did Leadbetter and you go to the lodgings of the prisoner. - A. We did.
Q. Where was his lodgings. - A. Golden lion court, Aldersgate street.
Q. Did you find any thing in his lodging and what. - A. We found in a box that his wife refused to open, but Leadbetter broke it open, a variety of remnants of silk; these are the articles that are now in court. Leadbetter took them away, and brought them to my warehouse; we compared them with certain goods in our house that matched with them. I have no doubt but they are my property. He confessed that he had taken them before the lord-mayor.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. The charges that my prosecutor has raised against me are not facts, nor is there any truth in what he has alledged against me at all. I have served that man in every shape, I have done my duty, and I have protected him in every transaction. I am now a prisoner standing at the bar, and he is a gentleman that has come out of nothing, not so much as I am myself, although I am cast down. I know Mr. Smith for ten years past, he is rising, he has left his duty. I have been the man that is faithful to him; my wife is in the millinery and mantua-line, and what was in her possession I know no more than a child unborn; but this Mr. Smith came to me in prison, he came to try me with all his invention, which is his character, and he is well known by every person in the line to be one of the most deceitful men upon earth. He invents things which is most astonishing, it is beyond the conception of a human being to imagine, that man has such things in his heart. He has come to that property which he possesses by nothing but merely by his own artful invention, and the very person that has gone into partnership with him he knows a mere nothing in the business, he knows he has a tool in his hand; this is the character of my prosecutor, which is my misfortune to be his servant. As to those things I know no more of them than a child unborn; as to those wrappers, he mentioned to me one day, he says, when we have some wrappers, just take them home to your wife to get some bags made; he knew my wife was distressed well enough; she made some for him although she had other work to do, by doing which she would have got a great deal more money; there were some wrappers left, and as she was to make them into bags, I thought it frivolous to bring them back; and these wrappers are brought against me as if I stole them. All this he knows if he would speak to his conscience.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 43.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
