





6. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  FLINT
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of November
, nine ounces nine pennyweights of gold, value 23l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Aldridge
                  



               
            .
Second Count. Charging it to be the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Richards
               



            .(The case was opened by Mr. Gurney.)


                  JAMES 
                  RICHARDS
               



             sworn. - On Thursday, the 12th of November, I sent to Mr. Aldridge, by William Edwards, an ingot of gold, which weighed nine ounces nine pennyweights; the proportion of fine gold to alloy was fourteen ounces three quarters to nine ounces and a quarter of alloy.
WILLIAM EDWARDS sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Richards; and on the 12th of November last I took an ingot of gold from him to Mr. Aldridge's, in Falcon-square, Aldersgate-street, to be flatted; and, while I was there, it was lost.
Mr. CHARLES ALDRIDGE sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. On the 12th of last month, was an ingot of gold brought you by the last witness? - A. Yes, which was lost; I did not see it, but I found it was booked.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Do you know, in point of fact, that any such ingot ever came? - A. No, not as seeing it.
Q. You carry on your business by the servants that are in the mill? - 
               A. 
            Sometimes; I cannot always be there.
Mr. Knowlys. 
               Q. 
            (To Edwards.) You took the ingot which your master gave you? - A. Yes, and delivered it to Mr. Aldridge's son; he is not here now; I had it again when it was flattened; on the 12th of November, I first went to Goldsmith's-hall, near five o'clock, and after I got the work, I called at Mr. Aldridge's with the gold to be flatted, and some silver; when it was flatted, I put it into a bag, made it secure, and came down stairs with the gold in one hand and the silver in the other; I met young Mr. Aldridge, who took my hat off my head, and run into the mill with it; I went after him, and there is a bench a little way in on which I placed both bags; I followed him to the further end of the mill for my hat, and when I came back for my work, I saw but one bag; I called out there was but one bag, and young Aldridge seemed very much struck; the bag contained sixty-four ounces sixteen pennyweights of silver beside.
Q. How long were you kept without your hat? - A. About four minutes.
Q. The gold was flatted? - A. Yes, not in an ingot; it might be about the eighth of an inch thick.


                  GEORGE 
                  CLAYTON
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mrs. Cowie, in Falcon-square: On Friday, the 13th of November, the prisoner came to offer an ingot of gold for sale; the Tuesday before I bought some silver of him, when he said his name was Lee, therefore I did not ask his name again; he said he lived in Shoe-lane; he asked me for twenty pounds in advance on the gold, but I said it would be of no great consequence to him, and I had rather-not do it till the assay was made, as it was impossible to know the value, and it would be the same to him if he had the money next day; he saw Mr. Aldridge's bills on the counter, and made an observation that he saw by them that Mr. Aldridge's flatting-mills had been robbed; he left it with me; it weighed nine ounces four pennyweights; I assayed it, and found it was seven carats and one grain worse than standard; twenty-two parts of fine gold and two of alloy make the standard; I soon after made Mr. Aldridge acquainted with it; I was present when the prisoner was taken; Mr. Aldridge asked him how he came by it; he said, he melted it from buckles, rings, and other gold; it is impossible to say with certainly whether they would produce gold of this quality; but, in my opinion, they would not; for there are rings of different descriptions; it is impossible to say what it would lose in remelting; there is no general allowance; for sometimes there is a grain or two left in the crucible.
Court. Q. Is there always a loss in remelting? - A. A trifling loss; but it is impossible to say what.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. 
               Q. 
            Is an ingot of gold of nine ounces four pennyweights, the same ingot? - A. It may be the same gold, making an allowance for melting; there is nothing in the look of gold by which I can tell whether it has been melted once or twice, or five hundred times.

Q. 
            Is there any thing by the view of this ingot which the prisoner brought to you, from which you could tell it had ever been of nine ounces nine pennyweights? - A. No.

Q. 
            Half a grain would make a difference between two ingots? - 
               A. 
            Certainly.
Q. Can you tell by this, that it was ever melted from any other ingot? - A. No, I cannot.
Q. Then there is nothing by which you can contradict the account that it had been melted from buckles, rings, and other gold? - A. No.
Q. Will gold alter in its quality by repeated melting? - A. Yes, get better.
Q. I should be glad to know what was the thickness of this ingot the prisoner brought to you? - A. I don't know; I have it here. (Produces it.)
Q. That which was lost from Mr. Aldridge's was about the eighth of an inch thick - therefore there is no similarity between that lost by Mr. Aldridge and this? - A. No.
Q. Is there any thing in the appearance of this by which you can ascertain that it was ever an ingot of a greater size? - A. It is impossible.
Q. At the time he came, the bill of Mr. Aldridge's loss lay on the counter? - A. Yes.
Q. How far is Mr. Aldridge's flatting-mills from your house? - A. Next door but one.
Q. He wanted twenty pounds? - A. Yes, but he asked for twenty pounds before he saw the bill.
Q. He left the gold with you after seeing the bill? - A. Yes.
Q. He had full notice of the robbery, and it was the subject of conversation? - A. Yes, the bills were laying there.
Q. It was advertised with a reward, and still he left it with you? - A. Yes.

Q. 
            Did he call, agreeably to his appointment, next day? - A. Yes.
Q. You had the same week before this transaction paid him for some metal? - A. Yes, for some silver, and that was the only time I had seen him.
Q. The prisoner was very lame, was not he? - A. Yes.
Q. And not likely to whip off with a thing in a minute? - A. No; he sent his son, but I refused to settle with him, and said the prisoner must come himself, which he did.
Mr. Gurney. 
               Q. 
            (To Richards.) Supposing the gold to be remelted, what, in your opinion, would be the deficiency arising from it? - A. I should think it very well melted if it was not more than three pennyweights, or should I be dissatisfied if it had been five pennyweights.
Q. Are you enabled to say, from any belief you have, whether it is or not the same gold you lost? - A. I am satisfied it is the same gold, from the quantity and quality, which I made known to Mr. Aldridge prior to the assay being made.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Look at that ingot, and answer upon your oath - will you swear that has been melted more than once? - A. I think I may say it has; because gold, in its pure state, must be melted more than once to be of this quality.
Q. Do you swear it has been melted from one ingot into another? - A. I may venture to swear it is the same ingot.
Q. Will you venture to swear it has been melted from one ingot into another? - A. Certainly not; no man can.
Q. Then you cannot swear this was ever your ingot? - A. I certainly cannot, but I verify believe it is; it is impossible to swear it was another ingot.
Q. The ingot you lost was about the eighth of an inch thick? - 
               A. 
            Certainly.
Q. Your ingot, if ever it was melted again, might have been either nine ounces three pennyweights or three ounces five pennyweights, might it not? - A. We could not tell to a pennyweight what it would turn out.

Q. 
            Therefore your ingot, if ever it was lost from Mr. Aldridge's, might be of the weight of nine ounces three pennyweights, four pennyweights, five pennyweights, or any other? - A. I should have thought it might be very slovenly melted at nine ounces three pennyweights.
Q. I ask you, upon your oath, might not your ingot, if ever it was remelted, have been only nine ounces three pennyweights? - A. I can only say it would be slovenly melted if it was no more; they might lose half of it by carelessness; I should think it a great deficiency; if I had melted it myself, I should have expected it to have been nine ounces five pennyweights, or six pennyweights.

Q. 
            Even then you, with the greatest care, might remelt it at nine ounces five pennyweights, or six pennyweights? - A. Just so; more or less mightadhere to the melting-pot; I should have thought it a great deficiency if it was less, and should have been dissatisfied.
Q. Even your ingot in re-melting might have varied a penny-weight if it was done by a skilful man? - A. It certainly might.
Q. Then how can you swear it is your ingot? - A. I do not swear from the quantity but the quality: I think that five thousand quantities of gold might have been made that would not turn out that precise quality.
Q. But in your re-melting it might vary a pennyweight? - 
               A. 
            Certainly.
Q. Suppose I gave you two bars of gold of 90z. 9 pennyweights each, one might come out 90z. 5 and the other 90z. 6 pennyweights? - A. They might, but I should find it in the ingot; I admit they might vary, but I say I should find it within a very few grains.

Q. A. 
            few grains make the difference between two different ingots? - 
               A. 
            Certainly; but I do not admit that one ingot put into the pot lighter than another would turn out the lightest, for it might turn out the heaviest; what is lost in the ingot may be in the pot.
Q. It is impossible to tell what will be the precise weight? - 
               A. 
            Certainly it is impossible.
Mr. Gurney. Q. You do not speak to the ingot by the quantity but by the quality? - A. By the quality.
(To Mr. Aldridge.) Q. From the quality stated, as a person conversant with gold, can you form any believe as to that being the gold stolen? - A. I cannot have a doubt in my own mind, though the shape is altered, that it is Mr. Richard's gold, from the quality of it.
Q. You were informed of the quality of it before this was assayed? - A. Yes, and it turned out the same in quality.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Did the quantity turn out the same? - A. No, it did not.
Q. Tell me how many times that has been melted? - A. It may have been melted many times.
Q. And from buckles and rings? - A. No, it is not of that quality, it is almost impossible.
Q. Is it impossible? - A. It is not impossible.
Q. From a variety of gold, some of one alloy and some of another, may it not produce that? - A. I am sure any body who knows any thing of metal would not have an idea of it.
Q. Can any body say that this has been in the shape of an ingot one-eighth of an inch thick, skilled or not? - 
               A. 
            Surely not; I cannot by looking at it.
Q. Can you by quality or weight ascertain that has ever been an ingot of one eighth of an inch thick? - A. Certainly not; to say that upon oath is impossible.
Q. In melting the same ingot might it not produce, under different melters, different weights? - A. Yes.
ROBERT ALBION COX, Esq. sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. 
               Q. 
            Speaking as a man conversant with the quality and nature of gold, is a person able to speak from resemblance to the quality of gold? - A. To quality I think he is, but with regard to the shape, I don't see how it can be identified.
Q. In re-melting a piece of gold, weighing nine ounces nine penny-weights, how many pennyweights would it lose? - A. I should conceive from two to three penny-weights; the melting may vary from the different heat you give it, and some of the grains may remain in the crucible.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. There is nothing about this from which you can say it ever was an eighth of an inch thick? - A. Certainly not; it may have been in a hundred shapes.

Q. 
            Or can you say whether it is the produce of buckles or rings mixed with other gold? - A. It is impossible to say; if I had seen the gold before, I could tell tolerably well.
Q. An ingot of nine ounces nine penny-weights, might, by one melter, produce nine ounces seven penny-weights; and, by another, only nine ounces five penny-weights? - A. Certainly.
WILLIAM ALDRIDGE, Jun. sworn. - On Thursday, the 12th of November, I received an ingot of gold from Mr. Richards's servant, flatted it in the mill, and delivered it back.


                  JOHN 
                  REED
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of the City; I searched the prisoner's house, in Plumbtree-court, Shoe-lane, on the 14th, and found some crucibles, charcoal, a ladle, in which both gold and silver had been melted, and some dross of silver in a tea-chest; the prisoner's name is Flint, I never knew him by the name of Lee.
Mr. Gurney. 
               Q. 
            (To Mr. Richards.) Are those the sort of things used in melting? - A. Yes, I use them myself.
Mr. Aldridge. There is the appearance of nothing but lead in the ladle.
Prisoner's defence. I am a goldsmith and jeweller by trade, and in the course of my business buy and exchange old gold and silver; the gold now produced I melted myself; I received it from a gentleman at Portsmouth, with one hundred and fifty-one ounces of silver, which I melted the day before I left it at Mrs. Cowie's, and for which she gave me thirty-five pounds, and paid me the remainder the next day; on the Friday following, I left nine ounces four penny-weights of gold with Mr. Clayton, to be assayed, and the next day I sent my boy for the money; on which Mr. Clayton said, he had better send his master; in about an hour after, I called myself, and, when I went, they took the liberty of saying it was the gold that was lost;it is very unlikely that I should go to the next door to sell gold I had stolen; you may be assured, I received it it in a fair way; when Mr. Aldridge was before the Lord-Mayor, he swore that gold had been melted in the ladle, though no such thing could be done; if you attempted to melt nine ounces five penny-weights in a ladle, you would lose three parts. I hope, Gentlemen, you will take my case into consideration, as I am not guilty.



               GUILTY
            , aged 66.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
