





565. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LEYCETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of June
, twenty-four pair of men's silk gloves, value 4l.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Hamond
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hepwood
                  



               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Gurney.)


                  JOHN 
                  HOPWOOD
               



             sworn. - I am in partnership with 
               
                  James 
                  Hamond
               



            , No. 47, Cheapside; the prisoner was in our service as porter
 at the time he was taken up: On Thursday the 11th of June, in consequence of information that I had received, I went with a search-warrant, and two officers, to the lodgings of Mary and Elizabeth Adams, No. 85. Leather-lane, where I found twenty-four pair of gloves, the subject of this indictment, they were produced to me by 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Adams
               



            .


                  MARY 
                  ADAMS
               



             sworn. - I lodge at No. 85, Leather-lane, 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Adams
               



             is my sister: I have known the prisoner almost four months.
Q. Did he at all visit you, or your sister? - A. He came to see my sister.
Q. Did he, at any time, bring any men's gloves to you? - A. Yes, on the 5th of June, to the best of my knowledge.
Q. Were these the gloves that you gave to Mr. Hopwood? - A. He found them there.
Q. Did he tell you how he came by these things? - A. Yes; he told us he had got money, his father had sent him up fifty pounds to buy goods with; and then he afterwards brought them; he said, he had bought them of a man whom his master bought gloves of; he said, it was a man that came to his master's every day, and what his master did not buy, he bought; my sister and I put them in a drawer; he asked us to let him leave them in our room.
JOSEPH INWARDS sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Hatton-Garden; I went to the lodging of the last witness. (Produces the property.)
Mr. Hopwood. Here is my shopman's hand writing, and the private mark upon the paper; I have not the least doubt of their being our property, there are no marks upon the gloves.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Do you buy these gloves of the manufacturer? - A. Of different manufacturers.
Q. In London? - A.Some of them live in London, and some do not.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
