





337. 
               
                  
                     NELLY 
                     CARTY
                  , alias 
                     NELLY 
                     
                     
BARRETT





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2nd of May
, six fowls, value 14 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Theophilus 
                     Clive
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  STUCHFIELD
               



             sworn I have the care of Mr. Clive's farm at Hendon


. On the 1st of May about half past eight in the evening, I saw the fowls were all safe in their roost; on the 2nd of May at nine o'clock in the morning I missed seven of them. I saw the fowls at Hatton Garden office, I know they are my master's property, one fowl had the thigh broken; the prisoner last year worked for Mr. Clive at haymaking.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TROTT
               



            . I am an officer belonging to the police office, Hatton Garden. On Friday the 2nd of May two watchmen brought this woman in custody from Hampstead with four hen fowls and two Guinea fowls alive, there is two of them dead since; there are some alive now, I produce them. I asked the prisoner how she came by them, she said that a man gave her them that she formerly lived with, that he had not money to support her, he gave her these fowls to make money of, she said he was a clerk, and had taken them from his master's house, about four mile in the Hampstead road, near the sign of the Swan; I went down there, and after several enquiries I found the fowls belonged to Mr. Clive; I asked the last witness, he said they had lost fowls, he claimed them; I then found that she had lived with the last witness's brother, I traced him at about two miles distance from that place, I took him in custody; upon her examination again, when he was there, she was asked that question by the magistrate; she said no person was concerned withher, she took them herself; I told her she was a very bad woman to involve an innocent man, she said she was very sorry for it, she was afraid she should be hung; she would not tell where she lived, she said it was of no use of my going to search her box.
- FRENCH sworn. I am one of the watchmen of the town of Hampstead. On Friday morning the 2d of May at half past three, I observed this prisoner coming about an hundred yards before me, she shunned me as she went across the road, she had a pack at her back, I stopped her and found it contained a little hamper, with a saucepan at the top, I took the lid off the top, and found it contained a dead fowl inside of it, I took the basket from her, and there I observed the Guinea hens, I asked her a few questions, I could get nothing from her, I put her in the watchhouse that night, in the morning I brought her down to Hatton Garden.
Stuchfield. I know this Guinea-hen by a bit of string round the leg, it had this bit of string round the leg when it was stolen; they are all my master's property.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
