





331. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     DIGGINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of March
, seventeen ounces of silk, value 3l. 3s. a cap, value 1d. a piece of bed-tick, value 1d. and a handkerchief, value 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Hewitt
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  AVERY
               



             sworn. - I live in Drury-lane; I am a silk-manufacturer: On the 21st of March I delivered to 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Hewitt
               



            , who winds for me, one pound, two ounces and a half of Italian tram silk; that is all I know of it.
ELIZABETH HEWITT sworn. - I am a windster; I work for Mr. Avery; I live in Oakley's-row, Bethnal-green


; I hired the prisoner on the 21st of March to wind silk; I was obliged to go out of an errand; about ten minutes before eleven o'clock, I left the prisoner at her work in my place; on my return back, rather before twelve, the prisoner was gone, and seventeen ounces of Italian silk were gone that I had had of Mr. Avery, and an old cap, a piece of bed-tick, and a handkerchief; she also took what little money I had, in halfpence and penny-pieces, but whether it was a penny under or a penny over a shilling I cannot tell; when she was taken before the Magistrate the same night she had the cap on, and the bed-tick; she told the Magistrates, it was mine.
Prisoner. She lent me the cap and the bed-tick.
Hewitt. I did not lend them her, upon my oath.
GUILTY, aged 25.
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
