






551. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  MALPAS
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     OLD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th June
, a gold watch, value 6l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Welch
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  ANN 
                  WELCH
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Welch
               



            , who keeps the Queen's-head, Hoxton-town




; on Friday, the 19th of June, a few minutes after eleven o'clock at night, the two prisoners came in, and called for a pint of beer; I refused drawing it, because it was after eleven; and they told me they would drink it standing.
Q. Did you know them before? - A.Malpas lives in the parish; I never saw Old before to my knowledge; I got up with a view to draw them a pint of beer; my husband had occasion to go into the yard, and he left his watch upon the table; it was a small gold watch, it was a French watch; I had got out at the tap-roomdoor, and I went back again to take up the watch, and saw Malpas taking it from the table; I told him he had got my husband's watch; he did not say any thing; I immediately run to the door, to stop his going out; Old got me fast round the neck, and held me, to prevent my going out after him; they then both made their escape; the door falls to with a weight; and as soon as I got the door open, I followed them, and cried stop thief; I saw them running in the street, but could get no person to stop them.
Q. Did you ever see your watch again? - A. No; on Sunday morning Malpas was taken up.
Q. How came he not to be taken up on Saturday? - A. He was not to be found; we applied immediately for them to be taken up; Old was taken up on Monday.
Q. What is the value of the watch? - A. It cost my husband 6l.
Q. How do you know that? - A. He told me so.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q.This was all momentary; they did not stop in your house at all? - A. No.

Q. When you saw Old again, you saw him in custody? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you know him again directly? - A. Yes.
Q. Have you never said you did not? - A. No.


                  PETER 
                  MASON
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Worship-street; I apprehended the prisoner Malpas at his father's house at Hoxton, on the Sunday morning; and as I was taking him in the coach, he told me to go and look after Old, the soldier, and I should find the watch; I asked him where he was to be found, and he said at his father's, who keeps a chandler's-shop; at the back of Islington-church; he said he had met him at Cow-cross on Saturday night; and he told him he had not parted with the watch, for it was not worth 10s; I went to his father's house, but could not find him, I took him on the Monday morning, in the field; he belonged to the Tower Hamlets; and coming along, he stopped at a house, and changed his regimentals, and put on a blue great coat, which he has on now; he denied every knowledge of Malpas; when we got to the office, we took Malpas out of the lockup house, and asked him if there was any body there he knew; he said, yes, that was the man that had the watch; I asked Mrs. Welch to look into the room, and she said she did not think she should know him in reigimentals; but when she saw him, she said that was him.
The prisoner Malpas called one, and Old seven witnesses, who gave them a good character.
Malpas, GUILTY, aged 24.
Old, GUILTY, aged 25.
Of 


               stealing goods to the value of 39s.
            






               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
