






487. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SIMONS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2nd of June
, fourteen yards of printed cotton, value 14 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Samuel
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  SAMUEL
               



            . I live at No. 49, New Compton-street, St. Giles'


, I am a linen draper
. I was not in the shop at the time.


                  SARAH 
                  SAMUEL
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. On the 2nd of June, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, the two prisoners came to buy an apron; I shewed them several and none would suit them; I pulled down a piece of print to shew them, and while I was shewing them the print, one of them said they did not see a print they should like; they did not stop long after that; soon after they were gone, I missed a piece of print that I had shewed them.
Q. Who was in the shop at the time. - A. No one but myself. When my husband came home, I told him; that might be an hour and a half after. The printed cotton was found at the pawnbroker's.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, I live at Long-acre. On the 2nd of June last, seven yards of cotton was pledged by a woman of the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Simons
               



            . I cannot swear to either of the prisoners.
- . I live with Mr. Lane, pawnbroker, Holborn. On the 7th of June, seven yards of cotton was pledged in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Clark
               



            .
Q. Who did you take it of. - A. I do not know. I have seen the prisoners, I cannot say when.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I searched the prisoner's apartments. In taking up the boards of the flooring, I found the duplicate of the property.
(The property produced and identified.)
Simon's Defence. I own to that piece of cotton, and no more.
Clark's Defence. I was never inside of the shop, I never saw the cotton.
SIMONS, GUILTY, aged 17.
CLARK, GUILTY, aged 17.




               Of stealing only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
