





462. 
               
                  
                     JOSHUA 
                     ISAACS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of August
, a pocket book value 2 s. a pencil, value 2 d. and a pencil case, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Schneider
                  




               
            .
Second count for like offence, the property of persons to the jurors unknown.
The case was stated by Mr. Valiants.


                  JOHN 
                  HOWELL
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Valiants. What are you. - A. I am in the charcoal line, I live at No. 21, Wilson street, Finsbury square. On the 19th of August, about twenty minutes before one o'clock at noon, I was coming down London bridge


, I saw two young men walking together very close, I saw their eyes very attentive to the pocket of captain
 Schneider, I turned myself round, and in a short space of time I saw the prisoner's hand in the pocket of captain Schneider, with which he drew out a small red pocket book; I immediately stepped up to the captain, and asked him if he had lost any thing, he put his hand in his pocket, he said his pocket book; I asked him the colour, he said it was a red one; I said that is the person that has got it, pointing to the prisoner at the bar, who was then crossing to the other side of the bridge; the captain went up and collared him, the prisoner made away with the book.
Court. After you saw the pocket book taken out of the gentleman's pocket by the prisoner, did you see what he did with it. - A. I did not see the book go out of his hand; the captain wanted assistance to take him before the lord mayor, the prisoner begged for mercy very much, and said he would not do so any more, but at first he denied having meddled with it.
Mr. Valiants. Did you look over the balustrades. - A. I did, and I saw a red pocket book lie on the sterlings below, close to where he was; a gentleman got a waterman to get it, I gave the captain my address, and went away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LANKHORN
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Valiants. I am servant to 
               
                  John 
                  Blake
               



            , Ludgate hill; I was passing over London bridge, I saw the prisoner there, and as soon as Mr. Howell came up to captain Schneider, the prisoner went to the balustrade and shoved a red pocket book through, I saw him do it.
Q. Did you send a waterman round. - A. I did not, some people coming up desired a waterman to go round and get it; the prisoner at first denied having meddled with it, but some people came round the captain, and begged him to detain him, he then begged for mercy and hoped the captain would forgive him.
EDWARD EGLENTINE sworn. Examined by Mr. Valiants. You are a waterman. - A. Yes.
Q. Were you on London bridge that day. - A. I was sent down by some gentlemen, I found a pocket book on the south sterling under London bridge, under the exact spot from where the prisoner stood.
Q. What may it be worth. - A. I cannot say, I look upon it to be one of the common sort.
Q. Is it worth sixpence. - A. Yes, I dare say it is.
Q. Did you go before the lord mayor. - A. Yes, and captain Schneider attended when I was there.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gleed.
Q. Has that pocket book been in your possession ever since. - A. No, the captain had it some time to look after the memorandums.
Q. Who did you deliver the book to before the magistrate. - A. I cannot swear, I believe to Mr. alderman Lea, it was delivered again to me immediately; after that I had it locked up in my house, and the day before yesterday I left the book at Beal's house, the man that was with me, it has only been out of my possession twice; I have not a doubt but it is the same book by the writing that is in it.
Q. Were these cards in it at the time it was taken. A. These cards were on the sterling.
FRANCIS HOBLER sworn. Examined by Mr. Valiant. You are clerk to the lord mayor. - A. I am.
Q. Were you present at the examination of the prisoner. - A. I was.
Q. There was a person came there who gave information on the subject and claimed the book. - A. There was; the gentleman gave his name captain 
               
                  Charles 
                  Schneider
               



            , he declared that he came to England, and was going to sea in three or four days.
Q. Did the prisoner ever claim that pocket book. A. He did not in my hearing, he knew at that time he was accused of stealing it; he heard every thing (the court was very full at the time), the deposition was taken in the minute book, and then a fair copy, as it is here, was read over in the prisoner's presence, on purpose for cross examination.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of it.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
