





442. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     FRANCIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of February
, an ounce and three quarters of gold, value 5l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Adams
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .



                  GEORGE 
                  ADAMS
               



             sworn. - I am a jeweller
, and keep a house, No. 6, St. James's Place, Clerkenwell


; the prisoner was an assistant in the workshop
: On Friday, the 27th of February, in consequence of suspicion and information that I received, I sent for an officer of the Police, who searched him, and on his person found a quantity of gold in pieces, in the state in which it used to be in the course of his working; he looked particularly confused, and said, he hoped I would be merciful to him.
Q. Had you made him any promise or threat before he said that? - A. No; he said he had taken it to get his clothes out of pawn at different times; it was in his left-hand breeches pocket, part loose, and part in paper; I cannot swear to the gold, but from general appearance it is worth about 5l.
Q. Is the shop detached from the house at all? - A. No; it is the attic story.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Have you any partner? - A. No.
Q. It was in his pocket in the work-shop, where, in the course of his business, he ought to be? - A. Yes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHAPMAN
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of Hatton-garden: I searched the prisoner on Friday, and found this gold in his left-hand breeches pocket. (Produces it).
Q.(To Adams). Is there any piece of that that you think of the value of 40s? - A. No; it is exactly the nature of the work, but I cannot swear to it.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY of stealing goods, value 39s.
             aged 17.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
