






722. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HUGHES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of August
, a pair of velveret breeches, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Gore
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  GORE
               



             sworn. - On Friday, the 29th of August, about half past six in the evening, the prisoner came to my house, and said he wanted to buy a pair of breeches; my people were busy, and I came into the warehouse myself; he tried three pair on; he then asked me to shew him a waistcoat; I turned my back to open the drawers to shew him a waistcoat, and heard the breeches move on the counter; I turned round and saw him put these breeches, which I have in my hand, into his breeches; I shewed him a waistcoat; he asked the price, I told him a guinea and a half for the waistcoat and breeches; he bid me twenty-two shillings; I told him I could not take that money, and I let him go down stairs; I was afraid to challenge him in the warehouse, because I was alone; I let him come down, and then collared him; but instead of his resisting, as I expected, he ran back into the shop unbuttoned his breeches, took my breeches out, and threw them down; I then sent for a constable, but the constable not coming, and there being a stand of coaches opposite my door, I called a coach, and a neighbour went with me in the coach with the prisoner to Bow-street.
Prisoner's defence. When I came down stairs Mr. Gore laid hold of me, and called his wife out; he overhauled my breeches, and pulled them down over my knees; he found nothing there; then he said to his wife, they must be somewhere behind the counter, and there they found them; I never had the property at all.
For the Prisoner.


                  MARY 
                  HURLEY
               



             sworn. - I drive a barrow in the street: A gentleman bought sixpennyworth of pears of me, and put them in his pocket-handkerchief; he wanted change for a seven-shilling piece, and I went with him down Holborn to get change, till I got to this gentleman's door: he had got the prisoner in hold, and a mob round him; he sent for a constable, and then he unbuttoned his small-clothes just within-side the door; I am sure the prisoner was never in the street at all; he was coming towards the door when the gentleman made a prisoner of him; he pulled down his small-clothes, and found nothing about him; he got no constable; I and then a boy picked up the breeches by the counter.
Q. Be sure you swear that which is true - Are you sure you saw the gentleman unbutton his small-clothes? - A. Yes, and found nothing; I know nothing of the prisoner at all.
Q. How came you here? - A. His wife and three children were coming down past my barrow the next day.
Q. Did you know his wife? - A. No; the children were crying, and I asked her what was the matter, she told me she was going to the gentleman's house that took the prisoner, and I told her that I saw it.
Q.What brought you here? - A. I was summoned.
Q. Have you got your summons with you? - A. No; I never was before a Judge and Jury before.
Q.(To Gore.) Where did he throw the breeches? - A. Just by the door, on the left-hand side, my boy picked them up; I saw the prisoner throw them out of his breeches.
Q. Where was it that you laid hold of him? - A. Outside the door.
Q. It is true that you unbuttoned his small cloaths in the shop, and found nothing upon him? - A. It is not true, he unbuttoned them himself, and threw the breeches out.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 24.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
