





254. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of January
 twelve yards of cotton, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Macklew
               




            .


                  ROBERT 
                  MACKLEW
               



            . I am a linen draper
, I live on the Pavement, Moorfields


. On the 26th of January, about five o'clock, a neighbour of ours brought in the prisoner, saying this is he, I saw him come from the other end of the road; I suspected something was gone. I went and looked at the door, I saw a piece of printed cotton was gone; I had seen it not a minute before.
Q. Where had you placed it. - A. Near the door, withinside; I had ordered my young man to take in the things at the door.


                  JAMES 
                  SPENCER
               



            . I live at Mr. Chapman's, boot-maker, Moorfields. On Tuesday the 26th of January, about ten minutes past five in the afternoon, the foreman of Mr. Chapman went to tea; he came back after he had been to Short street, he said there were three men standing there, they either intended to do the linen draper or us; I went and shut the door of the ladies' shop; we have two shops, one for ladies and the other for gentlemen; I stood at the other door, I saw the prisoner walking on the pavement, up and down; he crossed the road into Moorfield's quarters; I saw the prisoner behind a tree looking at Mr. Macklew's shop, I observed one of them as he went round the coach stand by the end of Moorgate, I saw him again in the quarters making motions to another; at that time Mr. Macklew's young man was taking the things in; he looked up at the next house at that time. I saw no person passing just at that time; I saw the prisoner about three yards from the door with a piece of printed cotton in his hand; I saw one that was with him meet him about half way in the road; I saw the prisoner give it the other, he put it under his coat and ran off across Moorfields; I immediately run and caught the prisoner by the collar, and brought him into the shop.
Q. Are you sure that this is the man. - A. Yes, I am certain that is the man.
- CARTWRIGHT. I took the prisoner in custody, I searched him, I found nothing upon him.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the crime alledged against me, as any gentleman here is.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
