





404. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     KIRBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of May
, a silver watch, value 1 l. 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bucknell
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BUCKNELL
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 18, Grub-street


: I keep a broker's shop and sell earthenware
. On the 15th of May, about half after nine o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came into my shop with another man, who represented himself as drum-major to the East London Militia; the prisoner said he wanted to speak to me in private; I told him I had no secrets in my place, and what he had got to say to speak out; he and the other man talked about some lead that had been stolen; I saw a man looking through my window; I turned my head, and the prisoner at the bar went into my room.
Q. When did you miss the watch? - A. In two minutes after he went out of my house; I made application to Captain Walker, and the Captain sent him down to my house.
Q. When was it that you took him up? - A. On Friday.
Q. Did you ever find your watch again? - A. The pawnbroker has the watch. I saw the watch hanging in my room at half after nine o'clock, before twenty minutes to ten I missed it; I went up to the Guard-house, in Bunhill-row; I have seen the man several times in the Artillery-ground.
Q. You knew him personally; had he ever been at your shop before? - A. Once before; I never had any dealings with him in my life.
Prisoner. He has known me for these five or six years, and I have bought and sold to him.
Court. Q. Had you any dealings with him at all? - A. No, never in my life.
Prisoner. He has bought property of me at different times.
Court. He says not.


                  JOHN 
                  BUCK
               



             sworn. - I belong to the band in the East London Militia.
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A. I know him since he has belonged to our regiment.
Q. What do you know about this watch? - A. He came to where I live, and told me that he had got a watch to sell, on the 15th of this month; he asked me twenty-eight shillings for it; I bid him twenty-five shillings, and I gave him twenty-five shillings; I wanted money to pay my lodgings, and I went and pawned it on Snow-hill, on Friday.


                  JOHN 
                  MERRIT
               



             sworn. - I am shopman to Mr. Cordy, pawnbroker, Snow-hill; I produce a watch, pledged on the 17th of May; I took it of a man of the name of 
               
                  James 
                  Nicholas
               



            .
Q.(To Buck.) I thought you said you pawned it? - A. I sent a friend of mine to pawn it; I did not know how to pawn it; his name is Katson; this is the same watch, I know it by the case.


                  JOHN 
                  RAY
               



             sworn. - On Saturday, the 18th of this month, this gentleman brought the prisoner to our office, and delivered this ticket to me; I went to the pawnbroker's, and he produced the watch; the prisoner said he should not have done it, if he had not been drunk. (The watch identified by the prosecutor.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
