





133. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SILVER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of December
, two yards and a half, of toilenet, value 18s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Welford
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  OWEN 
                  FINCHAM
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  James 
                  Welford
               



slop seller
, the corner of Wellclose square


. On the 24th of December, between three and four o'clock, the prisoner came in under pretence of buying a waistcoat; I shewed him one, he did not like the pattern nor the price; he staid about ten minutes.
Q. Was there any body else serving in the shop. - A. No.
Q. Did you see him do any thing. - A. No, nor I did not suspect him, while he was in the shop; as I was returning from the other side of the shop, where I had been to get some other waistcoats to shew him, the prisoner was going out of the shop, and immediately after he went out I missed a piece of toilenet from the shop window. I went out to look after him; I saw him about a yard or two off, I went after him and stopped him, I opened his coat and found a piece of toilenet, I took him into the shop; I called John Hall from the inner room to come and detain him; while I went for an officer he got away; as I returned with the constable I met the prisoner, the constable then apprehended him. I am sure the toilenet is my master's property, I had it in my hands two minutes before he came into the shop.


                  JOHN 
                  HALL
               



            . Q. Are you able to say what passed while this man was in the shop. - A. No.

 Q. In consequence of what Fincham told you, did you take this man in custody. - A. I endeavoured to do it, but he got away from me almost immediately.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went to that gentleman's shop, I asked to purchase a waistcoat, he shewed me some, for which he asked me ten shillings; I offered seven shillings; with that he was very angry and we had some words together. The gentleman was alone, and because I would not give him his price he charged me with this; I never took any thing from him nor did he take any thing from my person.
GUILTY, aged 40.




               Of stealing to the value of four shillings and ten pence
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
