





212. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HUNT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of February
, a tub, value 1 s. and sixty pounds weight of butter, value 2 l. 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Lambkin
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  LAMBKIN
               



             sworn. - I am a carrier
 from West Mill, in Hertfordshire, to London: As I was unloading my cart, in Gracechurch-street


, my brother saw the prisoner at the bar take a firkin of butter out of my cart.


                  JOHN 
                  LAMBKIN
               



             sworn. - On Saturday morning, ten minutes past six o'clock, I was unloading my cart, in Gracechurch-street; (we have two carts between us); I heard a noise (a lump) from my brother's cart; I ran up to my brother's shafts and turned round and saw the prisoner take a tub of butter from my brother's cart; I ran after the prisoner and took him with the tub of butter on hisshoulder, before he came to the end of Gracechurch-street. The butter we have returned.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SHEPHARD
               



            . sworn. - I am an officer; I know nothing farther than having the prisoner and the tub of butter delivered into my charge. I produce the cask. (The cask identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner. Q. (To the Witness.) I wish to ask him whether he saw me take it off the shafts? - A. Yes.
Prisoner's defence. I had been to Leadenhall for my friend; I lived at Mr. Wright's, a sheep's head shop, in Whitecross-street; and returning home, at the corner of the court, a man asked me to carry that cask; I carried it to the corner of Cornhill, and that man accused me of taking the cask.
Court. He says he followed you and caught you, before you 
came to the end of Gracechurch-street.
Jury. (To the witness.) Q. Did you lose sight of him before you took him? - A. No; when he jumped from the shafts, he kept in the road; I am sure it is the same man that took it from the shafts; there was no person passing by at the time.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
