





387. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  NEW
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th of March
, twenty-four pound weight of brass, value 10 s. three screws, value 1 s. and two patent lamps, value 16 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Smethurst
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  SMETHURST
               



            . I live in Upper-Berkley-street, Portman-square. On the 13th of March Mr. Butters called at my house to know if I had missed any property; I went to his house, and there I saw the property; the whole of the brass is mine; there is but three pieces I can swear to. I desired him to come to my house in Bond-street; he did; he saw 
               
                  George 
                  New
               



            , my porter
; he said New was the person that brought the brass to sell, in the presence of the prisoner.
MR. BUTTERS. I live at No. 36, Wigmore-street. On the 9th of March, the prisoner brought this brass to me and offered it to sell; I suspected it was not honestly come by, I stopped the brass; I told him if he brought any respectable person to convince me he came honestly by it I would buy it; he called himself 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wilkes
               



            , he said he worked for Mr. Panton. From information I went to Mr. Smethurst's shop, I saw the prisoner, I asked him why he did not call for the money for the brass he had left at my house a few evenings ago; he said he had not been that way since. I am sure he is the man that presented the brass for sale.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PLANK
               



            . I am a constable. On the 13th of March, I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody; as soon as I got to Mr. Smethurst's house, he asked if he was to suffer alone, he should not have done it if his fellow porter had not put it into the basket and asked him to carry it out to sell; I said you did carry it out and offer it for sale; he said he did.
The property produced and identified.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
