





366. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DUCKHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Susannah 
                           Turner
                        




                     
                  , between the hours of two and three, in the night of the 1st of May
, and burglariously stealing therein twenty-nine bonnets, value 20 l. two silver tea-spoons, value 3 s. one pair of silver tea-tongs, value 5 s. and five shillings in halfpence
            , the property of Susannah Turner.
(The case was stated by Mr. Gleed.)


                  SUSANNAH 
                  TURNER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gleed. Q. What are you? - A. I live at No. 5, Long-lane


, I keep the house, I am a single woman
.
Q. What time did you go to bed? - A. Between ten and eleven; I was the last up in the house, I bolted and chained the door that night.
Court. Q. What day of the month was it? - A. The 1st of May; I got up the next morning between six and seven, I did not observe any thing then; between seven and eight I went into my shop, I observed all my bonnets were gone, and the till was broke open, and five shillings in halfpence were taken out.
Q. What shop do you keep? - A. A straw bonnet shop; I missed two silver tea-spoons and a pair of silver tea-tongs.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  TURNER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gleed. Q. What time did you get up on the 1st of May? - A. Between six and seven; I went to open the street door, and it was neither bolted nor chained, it hung upon the single lock.
Court. Q. Have you any lodgers? - A. Yes, in the first and second floor.
Q. Perhaps some of them were gone out? - A. I do not know.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Of course your lodgers go out and in when they like in your house? - A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  GEARY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gleed. I am an officer belonging to St. Luke's: On the 1st of May, in the morning, about half past two, I observed the prisoner at the bar coming through Cowheel-alley with this bag, there were two other men with him; I stopped him, and the other two men ran away; I asked him what he had got in his bag; he said, it was nothing else but a bit of hay for his horse; I took the prisoner to the watch-house, and searched him, and found the property in the bag; he dropped two keys under his feet, I have two other keys that were found on him.


                  JOHN 
                  WATKINS
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: I was with the last witness when the prisoner was apprehended; we heard some persons coming out of Cowheel-alley, we overtook the prisoner, and securedhim; he dropped this skeleton-key under his feet, I tried the key to the prosecutrix's lock, and it threw back the bolt of the lock.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Would it let a man get in after the door was bolted? - A. No.
Q. I dare say you know there is a forty pound reward for a burglary? - A. I do.
Mr. Gleed. Q. You have spoken the truth? - A. Yes.
(The property produced, and identified by the prosecutrix.)
GUILTY, aged 39,
Of 


               stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
