





655. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     GOODMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 30th of June
, a gown, value 15 s. a counterpane, value 6 s. a sheet, value 5 s. a shift, value 4 s. 2 petticoats, value 11 s. 3 frocks, value 6 s. a pinafore, value 6 d. and one apron, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Rees 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                   in his dwelling house
            .


                  REES 
                  JONES
               



            . I keep a mangle
, No. 46, Swan Yard in St. Mary-le-Strand


.
Q. You have a dwelling house there have you - A. Yes. At the time this happened my wife was not at home. I went out about 12 o'clock to the barn for milk on the 30th of June, I returned about three, I left my little girl and the aunt only in the house, I mangled the linen before I went and left in the house ready to go home, it belonged to Mrs. Cook. It was a gown, counterpane, a shift, a sheet, 2 petticoats, 3 frocks, a pinafore, and an apron, I have paid for them, they charged me 2 l. 8 s.
Q. Were the things ever found - A. No never.


                  CATHARINE 
                  JONES
               



            . Q. Were you left in the shop when your father went out - A. Yes and my aunt. Q. Was there any linen in the house - A. A good many bundles of linen, there was one bundle belonged to Mrs. Cook. The prisoner came to our house on Friday afternoon and asked for a bundle of linen, I told her I did not know which bundle she wanted, she said she would shew me the bundle, she put her hand on the mangle upon the biggest bundle that was there, I told her I did not know how much they were, let me count it over; she said that she paid my mother last night when she brought them.
Q. Have you a mother living - A. Yes, she was in the country then, I told her that my mother was not at home then, she said she paid the woman in a blue gown, that was my aunt, she was down in the cellar, I called my aunt, she did not come-up, the prisoner said I need not call my aunt up she paid her last night, she took the things away.
Q. When did you see this prisoner again - A. About a fortnight after in Wild Street at a public house where she came to receive her money her husband had left her. I knew her again directly, a young man was with me that lodges in our house, I pointed her out to him, I said to the prisoner did not you come to our house last Friday week for a bundle of linen, she said where do you live; I said in Swan Yard, she replied she did not know where Swan Yard was, then she said she would stop there while I went to fetch my father, and as soon as I got to the bottom of Wild Street she said she would show this young man where she lived she took this young man to Bembridge-Street where there were a pack of town girls.
Q. Do you know the prisoner, are you sure of her - A. I am sure of her, I never saw her before she came for the linen, but then then I took very muchnotice of her - Q. Who did this bundle of linen belong to - A. Mrs. Cook my aunt told me.


                  EVAN 
                  EVANS
               



            . Q. Were you with that young girl at the public house - A. Yes, I went to the public house with her, I saw the prisoner come in, the girl pointed her out, and said she was the person that came to her house, the little girl said to the prisoner did not you come to our house in Swan Yard for some linen the prisoner said she did not know where Swan Yard was; she went out of the door and promised to come with us to Swan Yard; after she came out of the door she said she would stop there till the little girl brought her father, she wanted to go away from me, I told her I would not let her and took hold of her; she then said that she would take me home with her, she took me into the public house and went out of the other door, I catched hold of her and took her into the house, told the landlord to send for a constable, the constable did come but did not take her, some of the people persuaded him that I came there to kick up a row, the prisoner was suffered to go out, I went out after her, a great many girls of the town came round me and throwed dirt in my face so that I could not see out of my eyes; the prisoner went into a yard and got away, I did not see her any more till five weeks afterwards when she was taken.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the charge; I was a different way on the day that these people were robbed, I know nothing of the people at all.
GUILTY, aged 39.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Wood.
