





94. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BIRBECK
                  , alias 
                     
WILLIAM BIRBECK BRANSTON




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of January
, twenty-four gold rings, value 6l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Smith
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hayter
                        



                     
                  , privately in their shop
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  THOMAS 
                  HAYTER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am in partnership with 
               
                  George 
                  Smith
               



            ; we keep a shop

 in Huggin-lane, in the parish of St. Michael, Wood-street


: I have known the prisoner about a year and a half; he has been in the habit of coming to our shop once or twice a week during the whole of that time; on Wednesday, the 8th of January, about a quarter after three, he came in; I had missed a great number of rings, and I had for several days numbered the rings; on the Wednesday, particularly, I numbered and weighed the rings about an hour before he came; there were two hundred plain hoop gold rings, and ten with posies; I weighed them, with the box which contained them, they weighed thirteen ounces and one pennyweight exactly; I put a mark upon each of the two hundred and ten, of a little cross, and upon some of the posies I put two crosses, and they were never out of my possession from the time I marked them till the prisoner came in; when he came into the shop he asked for the punch-ladles; we had two making for him; we were then indebted to him fourteen shillings; the punch-ladle came to ten shillings, and he had brought me twenty-four shillings, in penny-pieces; he then took a metal ring out of his pocket, and said he wanted a gold ring, one size less; I then unlocked the drawer, having the key in my pocket, and took out the box of rings; I then emptied the box upon a quire, or part of a quire of whited-brown paper, upon the counter before him; after we had both looked over them some few moments, the prisoner said he would take two of any sort, and if a few shillings then remained due to him, he would leave it till the next day, as he was then much in haste; after fixing upon two, which came to eleven shillings, I put the rings which were left upon the whited-brown paper into the box, and he seemed to be in very great haste to get away; I endeavoured to divert him about engraving the punch-ladles, for the purpose of gaining time to put the box in the scale, which I had ready hung up, with the original weight of the rings and box in one of the scales; I could not prevail upon him to stay while we engraved cyphers upon the two punch-ladles, but I prevailed on him to sit down while we were to engrave plain Roman letters upon them, which I stated would be two or three minutes; during this conversation I removed the whited-brown paper to its original place, and saw that the counter was perfectly clear; when the prisoner had sat down, I told our shopman, Jennings, to take the punch-ladles to be engraved; during the short space of time that the shopman was going round to the street-door, I slipped the box into the scale with the rings in it, and finding a great deficiency in the weight, I called to our shopman, and told him to stop and take the spoons up stairs, which was a private signal agreed between us for the shopman to fetch in the constable and two other men who were in waiting in the back premises.
Q. As you found a deficiency in point of weight in the box, at the time the rings were before him, did you perceive him take any thing? - A. I didnot; I used my utmost endeavour to detect him, and kept my eyes fixed upon him the whole time, and could not perceive that he took one; the constable and two young men immediately came in; the constable was told to search that man, meaning the prisoner; he searched his waistcoat pockets, but I did not think he had searched them sufficiently, for I suspected that if the prisoner had taken the rings, they must have been in his waistcoat pocket, for he was certainly shifting his hands in and out of his waistcoat pocket; he searched his waistcoat pocket a second time, for I was not yet satisfied; and the constable observed that he drew his right hand out of his waistcoat pocket clenched; the prisoner then seemed inclined to make some resistance, upon which I rung our back shop-bell for assistance; several men then came in, and at last the prisoner's hand was opened, I then saw the rings turned out of his hand on the whited-brown paper, which I placed to receive them; there were twenty-four of them, all gold rings; the constable has them; they were sealed up in my presence with my seal.
Q. Did he say any thing at that time? - A. He said a great deal, but I cannot recollect what.
Q. Were the rings afterwards weighed and counted? - A. They were, in my presence.
Q.Where were the two rings that he had bought? - A. They were wrapped up in a piece of paper, either on the shew-glass or on the counter, I cannot say which.
Q. Did the weight of the rings taken from him, together with those that were sold, and those which remained, constitute the original weight before he came to the shop? - A.Exactly, in weight and number; there were one hundred and eighty-four rings left in the box, the two that he had bought, and twenty-four that were taken from him, made up two hundred and ten; I examined two of the rings that were taken from him, I found upon them the marks which I had put upon them.
Q. What was the value of those twenty-four rings? - A. Six pounds: then he was secured and taken to the Compter; the next day I examined the other twenty-two rings, and they all had my mark.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q.Is Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Smith
               



             your only partner? - A. Yes.
Q. Have you not a sleeping partner, Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Smith
               



            ? - A. No, I have not.
Q. You had entertained suspicions of him before? - A. Yes.
Q. His conduct on that day heightened your suspicions? - A. No, it did not.
Q. Not when he was shifting his hands backwards and forwards in his waistcoat? - A. It was his usual way; he had actually robbed me on the Saturday before, which led me to watch him.
Q. Who were the persons in the shop during the time he was in the shop? - A.Myself, 
               
                  George 
                  Smith
               



            , and 
               
                  Henry 
                  Jones
               



            .
Q. You have a porter, have you not? - A. No, we have no other male servant.
Q. You had no customers during that time? - A. No.
HENRY-
               
                  THOMAS 
                  JENNINGS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am in the service of Hayter and Smith: I was in the shop during the time the prisoner was there.
Q. Did you perceive him take any thing? - A. No, I did not. In consequence of a private signal I went for a constable; I saw the rings taken out of the prisoner's hand; there were twenty-four of them.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Your master suspected this man, and therefore you and your master had contrived a plan for the purpose of detecting him? - A. I had a private signal, in case my master suspected that he had robbed him, to fetch a constable.


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am the partner of Mr. Hayter.
Q. While the prisoner was in the shop did you perceive him take any thing? - A. Nothing at all.


                  ROBERT 
                  NEWMAN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a constable: I was sent for to Messrs. Smith and Hayter's, to apprehend the prisoner, on Wednesday, the 8th of this month; I was ordered to search him, which I did; I found two gold rings about him which he had purchased; I observed his right hand clenched very tight; I could not open his hand till I got several of Mr. Smith's men to help me, he was too stout for me, I could not do it myself; we then turned twenty-four rings out of his hand on to some whited-brown paper upon the counter; I have had them ever since. (Produces them.)
Mr. Hayter. These are all gold rings; there are twenty-four of them; all of them had the hallmark, and my private mark upon them; I am certain they are mine.
Prisoner's defence. I am quite innocent of any thing of the kind.
The prisoner called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
