






99. 
               
                  DAVID 
                  MILTON
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COSSEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, in the dwelling-house of George Clarke, a pair of gloves, value 6d. a handkerchief, value 1s. a Bank-note, value 10l. and a Banknote, value 1l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Deane
                  




               
            .
PETHER DEANE sworn. - On the 20th of October, between ten and eleven o'clock-at night, as I was going between Northumber land-house and the corner of Scotland-yard, Milton came up, and laid hold of my rightarm, and said, sir, I think you are a little in liquor, we will see you home; Coffey was at his left-hand; I was rather intoxicated, but knew what I was doing, and was walking home quietly to my lodging, from Claremarket; I said, I want no one to see me home; then he said to Coffey, but we will see you home, won't we, it is our business; I asked them what they were, whether they were constables or not, and they said, they were; I asked them where they belonged to, Coffey said, to Bow-street, very well, said I, then one laid hold of my right arm, and the other of my left, so that I found myself between the two, and could make no resistance; we walked on about one hundred yards, when we came to a public-house; I said, will you go in, and have something to drink, which they did; I had a suspicion they were not what they represented themselves to be; we went in and called for a pot of beer, the prisoners wished to have something else, and we had a shillingsworth of brandy and water, and a shillingsworth of oysters; after which, I changed a seven-shilling-piece, and received six shillings; at the time I had the change. I felt the prisoner Miston's hand at my right hand pocket, as he sat at my right hand in the box, directly one said to the other, we will go, and they left the box in about three or four minutes after, and I never saw them till they were taken, three days after; I was sent for by the constable, to know if Milton was one of those who had robbed me, I knew his face directly; Coffey was not taken till the Sunday following, and I knew him directly, though he was not dressed in the same clothes he is now.
Q.Where was your money? - A. In my right hand pocket, I felt it when I pulled out the last seven-shilling-pieces; I changed two, but did not pull out the rest of my money; when they were gone, I was a little intoxicated, but I found I was robbed, and sat there for some time; I put my hand into my right hand breeches pocket, and my finger came through exactly where the money was.(Produces the breeces, which were cut across the right thing, and a hole cut at the bottom of the pocket.)
Cross-examined by Mr. Hart. Q. Where had you come from? - A. From Portugal-street, Clare-market; where I had been on business, and had had part of three sixpennyworths of brandy and water.
Q.Were you alone when the prisoners first spoke to you? - A. Yes.
Q.Have you always given that account? - A. Yes.
Q. I take it for granted, when you got into the public-house, you complained of their treatment? - A. I asked for the landlord, and the landlady said, he was busy, so I did not complain, as I did not see any body to complain to; there were two or three soldiers, but I was afraid they all belonged to the same party; I sat down with the prisoners, thinking, if they had a little liquor, I should get rid of them.
Q.What did you drink? - A. We drank a pot of porter, and three shillingsworth of brandy and water; there was another man in the box who followed us the whole way, but he is not taken.
Q.How came you not to mention this before? - A. I mentioned it to the Magistrate.
Q.Where did that man sit? - A. At the far end of the box.
Q. Was any body else in the box? - A. No, it was a close box with a door, which is very uncommon.
Q. Were there no woman, upon your oath? - A. Upon my oath there was a woman, who seemed to be connected with one of the prisoners, Milton was the man who spoke to her, and said, we were a party by ourselves, and no body but our own company; by what they said to one another, I should conceive they were acquainted; she wished to come in to have something to drink, and Milton said, leave it to me, we are a company by ourselves.
Q. Are you sure there was no more than one woman, who looked into the box? - A. I am not sure.
Q. You say you were sober enough to know all that passed, you can tell whether there was more than one woman who came into the box? - A. She did not come into the box, she was at the door, no woman came in.
Q. Did you see the landlord? - A. The landlord came to hand me into the coach, pretending I was very much in liquor, and a soldier with a red jacket came along with him.
Q. Did you go away in a coach? - A. Yes; I wanted no help, but they helped me into the coach; I was going to No. 13, Tuston street, Westminster.
Q. Did you order him to drive you to the Borough? - A.No.
Q. It is not true you ordered him to drive you to the Borough? - A. I told them to tell the captain to drive to Tuston-street, and the soldier wished very much to go along with me.
Q. At this time you had found out that the moneywas gone? - A. I found it out two or three minutes after the prisoners had gone from the box.
Q. Did you make any complaint when you got into the coach? - A. I saw no one to make a complaint to, I was afraid of getting abused if I did.
Q. Who did you see? - A. I saw the soldier, and the landlord come and just handed me into the coach, that was all I saw of him.
Q. Did you see the landlord's mother? - A. Yes.
Q. How long were you in the house? - A. I suppose, very near an hour.
Q. Did you hear any watchman? - A. No.
Q. Did you go alone in the coach? - A. Yes, the soldier said he would go with me; no, said the coachman, you shall not go with him, the man has been robbed; I went by myself, and gave a proper direction where to drive to; the coachman said to the soldier, the man has been robbed already, you shall not go into my coach, I will take him home, and you have the number of my coach; he knew I had been robbed, because he saw my breeches were cut, and my hand through my pocket.
Q. How came you to change two seven-shillingpieces? - A. The first I changed to pay for two shilling's worth of brandy and water, and a shilling's worth of oysters for the prisoners; I put the remaining silver in my left-hand waistcoat pocket, but when I came to look for it to pay for another shilling's worth of brandy and water I found it was gone; the landlady said, you have silver, sir, have not you? I said, no; and Milton said directly, we have had some oysters since you gave change.
Q. Then, if I understand you, you treated these men after you suspected them, and after losing you silver, and changed another seven-shilling-piece? - A. I treated them through fear.
Q.How came you to mention only paying one shilling at first? - A. I meant the last shilling's worth, I paid three shillings for brandy and water, and one shilling for oysters, besides a pot of porter.
- BLY sworn. - I am a constable belonging to Queen-square; on Saturday the 23d of October, in consequence of information, I apprehended Milton, who appeared to be dressed in new clothes; on the night of the robbery, I was coming from Covent-garden Theatre, about eleven o'clock to my house, at Westminster, and a little below Northumberland-house, I heard two or three men hooping out, boy, boy, I could not distinctly see their persons, but from the shadow they appeared to be tall men, ronning; I suspected that something amiss had taken place, and immediately crossed towards the Admiralty, nearly opposite to where Deane was robbed; I went very fast, till I came to Lord Melbourne's, where there is a stall with a light for selling cakes and saloop, I there saw two or three men; I came up with Milton first, who I knew before, he was holding something like writing-paper towards the light at the stall, I looked in his face, and I believe he spoke to me by name; I then faced the other two men, one of them was Coffey, who I knew also, the third I did not know; Milton was very anxious for me to take a glass of some thing to drink; I refused at first, but our of curiosity I did, in order to discover the person of the third, who is not yet taken.
Court. Q. Then you mean to say, that from the circumstance of seeing the men together at that place and time, and from the description the prosecutor gave, you procured the arrest of the prisoners? - A. Yes.
Q. Was the paper Milton had, like a Bank-note? - A. No; when I apprehended them, I searched them, but found nothing.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  CLARKE
               



             sworn. - My son keeps the Duke of Clarence public-house Charing-cross: I remember that on the 20th of October, I saw Milton and Deane there, but do not recollect the two others; they came in about ten o'clock, and all four went into a box by themselves, and had a pot of beer, then they had a shillings worth of brandy and water, and Deane gave a seven shilling piece; I gave him six shillings in change; after that they had another shillings worth of brandy and water, which I was paid for in silver; they then had some oysters, how many I cannot say; after that I made another shilling's worth of brandy and water; and Deane gave another seven shilling piece to change; I said I thought he must have change about him, as he had paid but one shilling; they said he had been buying oysters, and had no more change; I then changed the other seven shilling piece and laid six shillings on the table; one of the men said he would look at it, and see it was good he did so, and said it was good; sometime after that they went away one by one, and left Deane behind; I told him I thought his friends had used him very ill to leave him behind, as I looked upon it they were all friends and neighbours; I did not see any thing the matter with his pocket, nor did he complain in our house; a coach was then sent for; but I did not go to the door.
Mr. Hart. Q. How many people were in the house beside this party? - A. Very few, but nobody near them.
Jury. Q. Did Mr. Deane appear very much intoxicated before he went? - A. He was a good deal so before he went, but not at first.


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I am a hackney coachman, and was called to the Duke of Clarence public-house, a little before twelve, the 20th of October, and took Mr. Deane into my coach; he was rather intoxicated, but told me where to drive, No. 13, Tuston-street, Westminister; when I went to take up my fare, a parcel of soldiers came out with him, and I observed on Mr. Deane slepping into the coach, his breeches pocket had apparently been cut; I said, why this gentleman has been robbed, which was all I said; he put his hand into his pocket to feel for his money, and his fingers came through; there was a soldier who appeared to be very busy with him, and wanted to get into the coach to drive home with him, but I objected to it, and said his company was not wanted; I then drove Mr. Deane home; I cannot swear to either of the prisoners.
Jury. Q. Who helped him into the coach? - A. The soldier was very busy; there were two or three people about him, the landlady and mistress of the house lighting him; that is all I know.


                  GEORGE 
                  CLARKE
               



             sworn. - On Wednesday evening, between nine and ten o'clock, I saw Mr. Deane in a back room, taking some supper with a friend; he stopped till about half past eleven; he was then very much in liquor; I helped him into a coach; after he had got into the coach, the coachman asked who was to pay him, my mother said the gentleman had money in his pocket for she had not long since given him change for a sevenshilling piece, the gentlemen put his hand to his pocket and I then saw that his breeches were tore or cut, and he told the coachman he had no money; he first told him to drive to No. 19, in the Borough, and afterwards to Tufton-street, Westminster; on the Saturday following the tallest of the two prisoners called upon me, in company with two or three more; but I cannot say that I saw them that evening; there were four men sitting together in a box, but who they were I cannot say.
Milton's defence. I went to this house on the Wednesday, and the landlady said you are one of the men that was in the box that night, I said I was; she immediately said the gentlemen was robbed; I asked her where the gentleman lived and she could not tell me; I heard Mr. Bly was after me, and I went to his house to deliver myself up.
Bly. He might have come to my house, but I did not see him; I met him while I was looking for him; it is very probable he might have come, for I knew him before; he told me he meant to do what he could towards public justice, and in consequence of that I had a little conversation with him.
Milton, GUILTY, aged 28.
Coffey, GUILTY, aged 33.
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
