





630. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     COLLINS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of June
, a silver watch, value 5l. 5s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Hands
                        



                     
                  ; and that he afterwards, about the hour of two in the night of the said day, burglariously did break the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Frost
                        



                     
                   to get out of the same
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  HANDS
               



             sworn. - I am a labourer
; I lodge in the house of Mr. Frost, at Holloway


, below Islington: On the eighth of June, either Sunday night or Monday morning, I lost my watch; the prisoner slept in the same bed with me, he is a brick-maker; I got up at four o'clock, and the prisoner was gone; I missed my watch from the window where I had laid it on the over-night; I got up, and started after the prisoner; I followed him about two hundred miles; there was nobody else slept in the room; I found him, I think, on the Saturday following, at Newport Pagnel; MrGregory was with me; we searched him and found the watch upon him; I know it to be my watch, I can swear to it.
Q. Did the prisoner and you go to bed at the same time? - A. Yes, the room door was open.
Q. You were not the last up in the house? - A. No.


                  THOMAS 
                  FROST
               



             sworn. - I live at Holloway, I keep a private house; I cannot recollect the day of the month, but it was between the Sunday night and the Monday morning, these two men lodged in my house; On Monday morning, about four o'clock, I was waked and informed, that there had been a robbery done, the prisoner was then gone; I was the last person up in the house the night before; I am certain the doors and windows were fast.
Q. Were you the first up in the morning? - A. No, there were several people up before me, I was waked by the disturbance.


                  AMOS 
                  GREGORY
               



             sworn. - I am a constable of Newport Pagnal; I apprehended the prisoner, and took a watch from him, which the prosecutor said was his; he had described it as a silver stop watch; I have had it ever since. (Produces it.)
Prosecutor. This is my watch, it has the name of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Wright
               



             locksmith, Wolverhampton, on the inside; this chain and seal were to it when I lost it.
Prisoner's defence. I bought the watch of 
               
                  George 
                  Hands
               



            , I gave him half-a-guinea, I was to give him so much a week for it.
Q.(To Hands) How long had you lodged in that house? - A. Four or five nights; the prisoner was there before me.
Q. Were you acquainted with him before that? - A. I never saw him before to my knowledge.
Q. Upon the oath you had taken, is it true that you sold him the watch? - A. No.
Q. Did you never offer to sell him the watch? - A. No.
Q.(To Frost.) Did the prisoner leave any of his clothes, or any thing behind him? - A. No.
Q.(To Hands.) What is the value of the watch? - A. It cost me five guineas about two years and a half ago.




               GUILTY of stealing, value 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
