





273. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DENNY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 23d of February
, a petticoat, value 5 s. and spencer, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Condon
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  CONDON
               



            . On the 23d of February I was out of doors; Mrs. West informed me that she had watched the prisoner to No. 15, Cranby street, he had taken something out of my house; I went there, I saw the prisoner, he stood on the top of the kitchen stairs; I asked him for the petticoat and spencer, he denied it; I charged him with a constable.
Mrs. WEST. Q. Did you see this man take the things out of the house. - A. No; I saw him folding something up at Mrs. Condon's window, No. 3, Cranby street; I told Mrs. Condon; I pursued with Mrs. Condon. I am sure it is the same man.
Q. Did you see what sort of things they were when he folded them. - A. Yes, they were black, they were the same sort of articles as the spencer and petticoat produced now; I am sure it is the same man.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  SMART
               



            . Q. You live opposite of Mrs. Condon's house. - A. Yes; I saw a man pack up something black; they were two articles.
Q. Look at the prisoner at the bar, have you any reason to believe it was him. - A. I was looking through a two pair of stairs window, I could not be certain; I saw a man pack up something at Mrs. Condon's window; they were hanging out for sale.


                  HENRIETTA 
                  FRENCH
               



            . Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar. - A. Yes; on the 23d of February, between five and six in the evening, that man brought a black petticoat and spencer; he offered them for sale, he asked seven shillings for them; I told him I wanted nothing of the kind; he went away for about five minutes, he returned again, then he offered them for five shillings; I did not buy them; when Mrs. Condon came I was going out; a person in my room told me he had left them.
Q. How come he to leave them. - A. I look upon it he saw Mrs. Condon coming, so he made off; I delivered the things to the owner.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the business, good or bad.



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            ,
First Middlesex jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
