





512. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     FINLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of June
, a bag value 1 d. 5 l. 9 s. a bank note, value 5 l. and four bank notes, value 1 l.
             each the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Nankerwell
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  NANKERWELL
               



            . I am a fellowship porter
. On the 26th of June, between twelve and one at night, I was collecting money in Fleet market; coming home I met the prisoner in Snow hill


; what she said to me I cannot say; I was going up a gateway, she said go up there.
Q. You were quite sober - A. No, I was not; I was as solid as I would wish to be; I was not half drunk; I had been drinking a glass or so; I was not perfectly sober.
Q. She told you to go up there - what did you do - A. I took liberties with her, and she with me; after that I missed the money out of my pocket; she said the watchman is coming.
Q. What was in the bag - A. I cannot particularly say.
Q. How are the jury to say, are you sure you lost any money - A, Yes; to the amount of fifteen pounds, and odd silver.
Q. Was any of the money found afterwards - A. Three guineas, and a half, she dropped going up Snow hill.
Q. She was drunk too - A. I cannot say that, when the watchman was taking her along, by brother picked it up; they searched her at the watchhouse, they found four one pound notes, and a five pound note; all the money that she had belonged to me, she took bag and all.
MR. COPE. I am a constable; I was at the watch-house when the prisoner was brought in; she sat down by me, I looked at a bit of paper in her hand, it was a one pound note; I told her if she had got any more she had better give them up; she gave me three one pound notes; she pulled out of her bosom a five pound note. The prosecutor's brother picked up three guineas and half in gold; the prosecutor begged that she might be searched; we searched her, and found one pound fifteen and sixpence in her pockets and a broach, she was willing to give up the other money; the one pound fifteen shillings, and sixpence and the broach was hers; I gave the money to Mr. Fox. the other constable.
MR. FOX. Q. You were constable of the night - A. I was.
Q. The money was given up to you, did you examine her - A. I did. I took her in the back place; I searched her there. Mr. Cope and I found upon her one pound fifteen shillings; she said it was her own.
Q. Did she claim the notes - A. She did not.


                  JAMES 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am a watchman. On Sunday morning the 26th of June I heard watch called, I went and the prosecutor asked me if such a person had gone by. I said the prisoner asked me for a piece of candle, I gave it her; the prosecutor and his brother followed her down Chick lane; they called watch a second time, I went directly to them; the prosecutor said this is the woman that robbed me; I took her in custody.Going up Saffron hill my partner, 
               
                  Robert 
                  Uwins
               



            , said her right hand was in her pocket; she threw some money down; the prosecutor's brother picked it up, he said George, here is three guineas and a half of your money; the prisoner said to me and my partner loose me and I will give you the money; I thought he was a countryman, I did not know he was a poor man, if I had I would not have taken it.


                  THOMAS 
                  MEAD
               



            . On the 25th of June, I gave the prosecutor ten pounds, three shillings; a five pound note, and the rest in small change; I traced the five pound note, it is No. 9400.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NANKERWELL
               



            . On the 26th my brother came up to me, and said Bill, I am robbed of all my money; I took him up Chick lane; I found her; I called the watchman; he took charge of her; as we were going up Snowhill another watchman came with us, he said mind, her hand is at work; I picked up three guineas and a half which dropped from her.
Q. to prosecutor. Do you believe that money to be yours - A. Yes.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming towards Smith field at half after twelve o'clock, I met this man; we went up Sharp's alley, he took liberties with me; he agreed to give me two shillings; the watchman came, he run past him with his small clothes down; he gave me no money, I kicked against a small bundle; I picked it up, it was a woman's glove with notes and a gold broach in it; I was taken to the watchhouse; there he said he had lost twenty five pounds, I was searched in a very indecent manner.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
