





379. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     NEWTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of February
, a purse, value 1 d. a seven shilling, a shilling, and a penny piece, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Driver
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DRIVER
               



            . On the 19th of February, a quarter after eleven at night, I was going home to my lodgings, down High-street, Whitechapel


; the prisoner accosted me, she asked me if I would give her something to drink; I told her I would not; she put her hand into my pocket and drew my purse, with a seven shilling piece in it; I felt her hand come out of my pocket; I catched her hand, and felt the purse in it. I and the watchman took her to the watchhouse.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PARTRIDGE
               



            . I am a constable of the night. The prisoner was brought to the watchhouse; I took the purse from her pocket, it contained a seven shilling piece, a shilling, and a few halfpence; the prosecutor claimed the purse.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. This man asked me in Whitechapel to take a walk with me in an indecent manner, and behaved very indecent; he said take the purse if you will go up any turning; I did not choose; he gave me the purse and a seven shilling piece, and because I would not be indecent in the street, he asked me for it again; when I came to the watchhouse it was found in my pocket - then I said if you are wicked enough to have me locked up after giving it me, you shall be locked up too - I gave charge of him.
Partridge. The prosecutor had no charge given of him; he living at Poplar, staid with me to go before the magistrate the next morning to substantiate the charge.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
