







33. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     COOK
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHITE
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     SHEPHARD
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of November
, three pounds of tea, value 20 s.
             the property of the 
               
united merchants of England, trading to the East Indies




            .
Second count, the property of persons to the jurors unknown.
(The indictment was read by Mr. Gleed, and the case was stated by Mr. Knapp.)


                  JOHN 
                  YOUNGHUSBAND
               



            . Examined by Mr. Gleed How old are you. - A. Sixteen.
Q. You know perfectly well what it is to take an oath. - A. Yes.
Q. What are you. - A. A glut weigher belonging to the customs
. On the 17th of November I was employed at Summer's quay, the India wharf


, to see the goods safely conveyed from the wharf into the East India Company's warehouses. Shepherd was a cooper
, he was employed by the East India company to mend chests as they come on shore. White was a weigher like myself, he was employed by the customs; Cook was employed to mark the numbers on the chests.
Q. Do you mean as a custom-house officer. - A. No; I believe he was a ticket-porter
. I cannot say who he was employed by. They were all at work on the 17th of November. About half past eleven o'clock I saw Shepherd the cooper open a chest of tea; I saw him cut a hole in the lead, and take different handfuls of tea, and put it into an hat.
Q. Did you observe what quantity there was in the hat. - A. It was near three parts full; he gave the hat to the prisoner Cook; I saw Cook put an handkerchief over it, and put it down by the ticket-writers desk. After that I saw Shepherd open another chest with an adze in the same manner. I saw him take out some tea, put it in an handkerchief, and give it to White. I saw White leave his station, and run across the wharf up Darkhouse-lane.
Q. Did you see any thing done either by Cook or by White afterwards. - A. No.
Q. Did you see any thing produced by Bolton. - A. I saw Bolton take a white bag from a hole in the ground on the wharf, close by where the prisoners were working.
Q. What did that bag contain. - A. Tea.
Q. Had you ever seen that bag before. - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney.
Q. How many persons were on this wharf at this time. - A. Not very many; two or three coopers besides upon the wharf where the company's goods were landed.
Q. Why did not you call out and tell these coopers at the time. - A. I did not tell them, I told my partner Mr. Bolton.


                  ROBERT 
                  BOLTON
               



            . Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are an extra weigher belonging to the customs. - A. I am. White has been employed as a glut weigher, Cook I have seen employed marking the chests before they are put in the scale. On the 17th of November, between the hours of eleven and two, I saw the prisoners Cook and White take up tea repeatedly from off the chest, and off the scale. I saw them go to a place where there is a hole in the wall near to the ground. After that I had some reason to suppose there was something there that should not be. I passed the hole, I looked in, and saw the bag. I immediately turned back to my brother weigher, I told him of it, and that I had every reason to suppose it was tea. In the course of a few minutes I took the property from the hole in the bag.
Q. Did you see what the bag contained. - A. I did not open the bag immediately; I took it, I put it under the the landing writer's box; I put a man over it to watch it, and desired him not to let it go during the time it was there; in about ten minutes I took it away from there; I went to the custom-house with it.
Q. Did you see either of the prisoners White or Cook. - A. Cook was there, and he came to me more than once or twice before I had taken it away from the landing writer's box, he desired me to give him up the bag. He asked me if I would not deliver him up the property? I told him no, by no means, I should not deliver him up the property; there were several more came to me; they appeared to be coopers and labouring men. (Shepherd I believe was present, I do not recollect his coming, he might.) They wanted to take the bag away by force: then just as I was going to take the tea away, White came and asked me if I meaned to take the property away? I told him I did; he told me it was very foolish of me, he thought I might deliver it up, or part of it. I told him no; I made all possible haste I could to Globe-yard with the bag of tea. I there put the bag in my locker, and I delivered the key to 
               
                  James 
                  Steel
               



            , one of the appointers.
Q. Did you see White, Cook, or Shepherd, after that. - A. Yes; I immediately returned to my station on the wharf, and then I saw both the prisoners, White and Cook.
Q. Not Shepherd. - A. He might be present, but I did not observe him. White came to me, and asked me what I had done with the property, and whether I had taken it to Globe-yard? I told him I had taken care of it; it was immaterial what I had done with it. He said he had some reason to think that I had concealed the property, and not delivered it up. He told me then, if I did not deliver part of the property up to him, he certainly would see that I had taken it to Globe-yard. He said he did not know who would wait there all day, unless they could have a little tea for themselves. On the day after the prisoner Cook abused me in a most shameful manner; he threatened to murder me for taking the property; he d - d me, and asked me what I had done with the bag. I told him it was immaterial what I had done with the bag, I had taken care of it. I asked him what he wanted with the bag; he then told me that he wanted it for the same purpose.
Court. Q. What purpose. - A. To put in tea, I should suppose. He then told me he should be able to alight of me some time or other, and he would certainly murder me.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Upon this you gave notice to Mr. Steel. - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney.
Q. White was an inferior custom-house officer. - A. Yes.
Q. You yourself are an inferior custom-house officer. - A. I am an extra weigher.
Q. Were there not at the time this was going on a superior officer on the spot, to whom you might have applied, and ended the dispute in a moment. - A. There was a gentleman in the box at the time, I knew he was there; he is a superior officer, his name is Darnley.
Q. Was it not his duty to attend to these chests of tea. - A. It was.
Q. Were there not other superior officers as well as himself. - A. I do not know that there was.
Q. How near was the box where he was for the purpose of watching the tea to the place where you saw the tea taken away. - About fifteen yards.
Q. Within the found of your voice if you had called to him. - A. Yes.
Q. You could have gone to him in the space of half a minute. - A. Yes, but I did not.
COOK. Q. I was marking the chests of tea; I would wish to ask him whether I put the bag in the hole, or if he saw me put it in. - A. I did not.
Court. He was with White at the same time. - A. He was.
Cook. He says I threatened his life. There were four superior officers, and six cart followers; did any one hear me besides yourself; they all stood as close as we three stand now; if I ever said it they must have heard it.
Bolton. As he put the chests of tea into the scale he immediately wished to throw the chest from him upon my toes; but he said he should wish to handle me otherways.
Jury. You saw them take tea from the scale board and carry it to the hole, was the tea loose on the scale board. - A. Sometimes it is.
Q. Did you see them take any thing out of the chest. - A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CURTIS
               



            . Examined by Mr. Gleed. Q. You are a weigher belonging to the custom-house. - A. I am. I was employed on the East India wharf on the 17th of November, with White as partner at the scale.
Q. Were the three prisoners at the bar there. - A. Yes.
Q. I do not know whether you saw the three prisoners at the bar do any thing. - A. I did not hardly notice them. I was present when White came and made a demand of the property to Bolton. He asked him what he had done with the bag he had taken away. I heard White use very rash words.
Court. What do you mean by very rash words. - A. He was saying how he would use him if he did not produce the bag, or let him know where it was gone to. Bolton turned himself round, and goes up the gateway where the company's goods goes up, next to the office of the company. As Bolton went up that way, White sent Young up Darkhouse-lane to see what way he turned; when he got into Thames-street, he desired Young to ran as fast as he could, and see where Bolton turned for. With that he dropped the small weights that he had in his hand, and he ran himself the way that Bolton went.
Q. Did you hear any thing said by the other prisoners. - A. No.
Cross examined by Mr. Gurney.
This was for the purpose of knowing whether the bag of tea was carried to the custom-house, or not; White was a custom-house officer as well as Bolton, and White insisted upon him bringing it back, or else he would have a part of it. Did not White say that he Bolton had been seizing some tea, and he would have a part of it.
Court. He did not say that he had made a seizure of it. - A. No.
Mr. Gurney. Where they not conversing upon it, as tea that had been seized. - A. As tea that had been stolen.
Q. Was the word stolen, used by White or by Bolton. - A. No, not the word stole.


                  JAMES 
                  STEEL
               



            . Examined by Mr. Gleed. I am one of the appointers of the weighers of the customs. I appointed Bolton.
Q. By appointing you mean, that they act under your command, as a superior officer. - A. Yes, Bolton was an extra weigher, appointed by me for his day's labour; we have the controul of all the weighers alternately. On the 17th, in the afternoon I received a bag from Bolton, I delivered it to Mr. Goswell.


                  JOHN 
                  GOSWELL
               



            . Examined by Mr. Gleed. You are another appointer. - A. I am.
Q. I understand that you received a bag from the last witness. - A. I did, this is the bag, I now produce; it contains about three pound of tea.
Q. What is the value of it. - A. About seven shillings a pound.


                  ROBERT 
                  CARWOOD
               



            . Examined by Mr. Knapp. You are an assistant elder, belonging to the East India company. - A. I am.
Q. They have a wharf we understand in Thames-street. - A. They have.
Q. You have seen the tea now produced, that is tea of the same quality that the East India company had in their warehouse at that time. - A. It certainly is, it is hyson tea. On the 17th of November, a number of chests were landed from the company's vessels.
Q. Whereabouts is the value of that tea. - A. That tea would be put up at the company's sale, at four and six pence a pound.
Court. Are these the bags that the East India company use. - A. No, surely not.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOW
               



            . Examined by Mr. Knapp. You are a constable of the city of London. - A. Yes, I took the prisoners in custody, at Summer's quay.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney.
Q. When you apprehended them, they were doing their duty. - A. They were doing their work.
Shepherd's Defence. On Monday the 17th of November, there were many chests that came up much broken, we often put up an adze, or any thing in the place that is broken, and after that part is repaired we put the top on again.
Cook's Defence. I have been in the habit of finding employ upon that wharf, ever since the first erecting of it; and for the last fleet of ships that came home, I have been in the habit of marking the boxes; I believe we had four coopers employed on that day, and the foreman of the coopers was there every half hour, (there were two ships that we were at work at there), he hurried me very fast; I believe there might be about forty seven load of tea, we did twenty three on that day, which is a very great day's work; and four officers stood as near as that I might touch them. The chests run in general pretty good, some of them were broken, we had chests leading from the scaleboard three high; and the hole is over these chests, of the other side, so that if we had taken tea to this hole, we must have jumped over these chests; and there were four general land officers. Mr. Lock the excise landing writer, and Mr. Bentick ticket writer, stood out side of the box, where it is said I laid my hat down with the tea, if I had done it, one or other must have seen it.
White said nothing in his defence.


                  CHARLES 
                  DARNLY
               



            . Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are one of the landing writers of the customs. - A. I am.
Q. On Monday the 17th of November, were you superintending the East India company's chests of tea. - A. From twelve till three, I was.
Q. Do you remember the three prisoners at the bar, Shepherd being engaged as cooper, White as weigher, and Cook as a marker. - A. I remember Cook and White, but Shepherd's person I do not.
Q. Do you remember of hearing on Tuesday, of some tea being found, on the day before that was charged to the prisoners having stolen it. - A. Yes.
Q. On the Monday you was there from twelve to three, how near were you stationed to the scale that was attended by Cook and White. - A. I suppose about the distance of a yard and a half, not more.
Q. Who had been there before you. - A. Mr. Vine, and at twelve o'clock I relieved him.
Q. For what purpose were you attending from twelve to three. - A. To secure the revenue I had to take the weights from the scale.
Q. To take the amount of so many chests as were put in the scale at one time, and then you enter it in the book; because upon the weights that you take the duty is charged. - A. Exactly so.
Q. Then if any chests is damaged it is the duty of the cooper to mend the chests before they are carried into the warehouse. - A. Exactly so.
Q. During the time you was there, how was Cook and White employed. - A. Cook was employed in numbering and marking the chests. White was to weigh, and give me the drafts.
Q. During the three hours that you were so employed in taking the drafts from White, did you see either of them employed in taking tea by handfulls, or by bags full, or carrying it away. - A. By no means.
Q. During the time you was there, could they have done it, without your seeing it. - A. It is imposible for me to say; the chests were piled three high; and he left me several times, he was relieved by his partner. Cook was employed in marking and numbering the chests as they went into the scale.
Q. Was that done under your eye, so that he could not have gone away, and have stole tea. - A. It was, except between loads, and then he might have been out of my sight.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LOCK
               



            . Examined by Mr. Gurney. I believe you are the excise landing writer. - A. Yes; on Monday the 17th of November I was upon the wharf, superintending the landing of tea.
Q. You have to take the weights for the excise duty, the same as the last witness has to secure the custom-house duty. - A. Yes, I was there from nine in the morning to three in the afternoon, I was stationed on the wharf with Mr. Darnley.
Q. Do you remember the three prisoners being there. - A. Very well.
Q. Cook we understand was a marker, White a weigher, and Shepherd a cooper. - A. Yes, Shepherd stood where he usually stands, at the edge of the wharf; I was about two yards and a half from him.
Q. Were there any tier of chests, that hid him from you. - A. Now and then, there was a tier of chests that hid him from me.
Q. Had you the opportunity of seeing White and Cook, from nine to three. - A. Yes.
Q. Then I ask you whether either of them could have been employed in stealing tea from one place, and carrying it to a place to hide it. - A. I should think not, they being before me.
Court. They could not have stole tea without your observation. - A. There were times when my eyes were not always upon them.
Mr. Gurney. How near was Younghusband to you. - A. Sometimes he was almost up to me, and sometimes at different parts of the wharf.
Q. He knew you was an excise officer, a land waiter. - A. Yes.
Q. If he had pointed out to you or Mr. Darnley that they were stealing of tea, should you not have taken them. - A. Certainly I should, it was my duty.
Q. You would have caught them in the very act if he had told you. - A. Certainly I should.
Q. Did you see any thing in the conduct of the prisoners like that of stealing tea. - A. No, I saw them very tractable, and doing their duty.
Shepherd called eleven witnesses, who gave him a good character.
White called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Cook called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
SHEPHERD, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 34.
WHITE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24.
COOK, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 34.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
