





221. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of January
, a sheet, value 7s. and a blanket, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Brereton
               




            .


                  SARAH 
                  BRERETON
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Brereton
               



            , who keeps a house
 in Rose and Crown-court, Shoe-lane


: On Friday, the 22d of January, about six o'clock, I was called out into the court, and met them bringing the prisoner back, she was a stranger to me; the things were brought back by 
               
                  Catharina 
                  Rowley
               



            .


                  CATHARINA 
                  ROWLEY
               



             sworn. - I am a neighbour of Mrs. Brereton's; I had been out, and coming home, in consequence of what Mrs. Young told me, I took the prisoner by the shoulder, and took from her a blanket and sheet, which I gave to Mrs. Brereton; it was pinned round her waist under a great long red cloak; she d - d me for a b - h, and told me she had got none but her own property.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  YOUNG
               



             sworn. - I lodge in Mr. Brereron's house: On Friday, the 22d of January, I met the prisoner about half past five in the afternoon, in Shoe-lane, I was going home; she said she had been in sits, and asked me to be so kind as to give her a drop of water; I took her to the door, and she said she was so saint, she could not stand, and followed me up stairs, and said, nothing would bring her too, unless it was a raw pickled herring, or a cucumber; I told her I was a stranger, and did not know where they told them, and I gave her some porter that stood upon the table; then she said nothing would do but cold water; I told her I had none in the house, I would go down in the kitchen, and get her some; when I had got down stairs, I perceived her running out at the street-door; I had some mistrust, and I ran out after her, and stopped her, then she d - d me, called me a b - h, and said, if I did not leave her alone, she would murder me; then I called out for assistance, and 
               
                  Catharina 
                  Rowley
               



             came up, and took the sheet and blanket from her.
Mrs. Brereton. These are my property; they were in Elizabeth Young's room; it is a readyfurnished room.
Young. I turned up the bed with these things upon it, while she was in the room.
Prisoner's defence. I had been after a place; I was taken violently ill, and this woman pressed mevery hard to go home with her, which I accordingly did; I asked her if she would have any thing to drink; she said she did not care if she did; I gave her a shilling, and she fetched a pot of porter; I was there three quarters of an hour, and she pressed me to come and see her the next Sunday; I asked her to see me part of my way home, and when we had got down the stairs, she said she must go back again, and she came out again with something in her hand; I did not see what it was; and when she had got into the court, she fell a screaming, and said, I had robbed her.

Q. 
            (To Young.) Did she give you a shilling? - A. No.
Q. That you say, upon your oath? - A. Yes; and she had no porter, except some that my husband had left at dinner.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave her a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
