





475. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  TOUCHFIELD
               




             was indicated for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of May
, seventy pounds weight of lead, value 12s belonging to 
                     
                        Harris 
                        Rees
                     



                  , fixed to a certain building of his
            .
Second Count. Charging it to be fixed to a certain building of his, called a house.
And two other Counts, charging it to be the
property of 
               
                  Martha 
                  Margaret
               



            , the wife of the said 
               
                  Rees 
                  Harris
               



            .


                  MARTHA-MARGARET 
                  HARRIS
               



             sworn. - I am the wife
 of Rees Harris; the lead was taken from some houses of mine.
Q. Is it an estate settled to your separate use? - A. Yes; but my husband has a life interest in it; I know nothing of the loss, but from information.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  TAYLOR
               



             sworn. - I lodge in Mr. Harris's house at Hoxton


; Another lodger, who lodges in the two pair of stairs front-room, came down to call me up between four and five, I got up, and went up stairs immediately; the first thing I saw, when I opened the garret window, was the lead gone; the shop is built out from the house, and the lead was taken from a gutter that runs between the shop and the house; one parcel of lead was taken away, and another parcel lay outside the door ready to be taken away.
- LILLYWHITE sworn. - I am headborough of Shoreditch; On Tuesday, the 5th of May, between two and three in the morning, I saw theprisoner come out of Red Lion Passage, in Kingsland Road, with some lead, like a gutter; I put my hand upon it, and asked him what he had got there; he said, lead; I asked him how he came by it; he said he had picked it up in Red Lion Passage; I said hold of him, and then he threw down the lead, and said, he would not carry it any further; I searched him, and in his pocket I found a pair of pincers, three iron hold-fasts, and a bit of lead, there is the mark of the bite of the pincers upon the lead; the same morning I took him before the Magistrate at Worship-street, and he was committed till I could find out where the lead was stolen from; on the Wednesday, I heard that some lead had been lost from a shop in Hoxton town, and on the Saturday, Armstrong and I went to the house of Mrs. Taylor, and fitted the lead; there had been new lead put down, and I tried it over the new lead, it fitted as well as lead could possibly do; there was the marks upon the lead where the three hold-fasts had been.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn. - I was ordered by the Magistrate to go with Lillywhite to sit the lead; I have no doubt it was the lead that came from that spot; there was the mark of the dripping eaves upon it.
Prisoner's defence. I am innocent; I picked it up in Red Lion Passage.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
