





99. 
               
                  HENRY-HART 
                  SIMPSON
               



             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of September
, three bound books, called Raymond's Reports, value 21s. and one bound book, called Ambler's Reports, value 7s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Marryat
                  




               
            , Esq
.
The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.


                  CATHERINE 
                  LEE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I had the care of Mr. Marryat's chambers; about three months ago, the prisoner came to the chambers, between five and six o'clock, for a great coat; he came in, and said, Mr. Holder had borrowed one of him; Mr. Holder is Mr. Marryat's clerk; I told him there was no great coat there; he staid in the office about ten minutes, and then he went into the parlour, and took some books; he said, he wanted four books to do Mr. Marryat's business; I said, I would not let him have them, and he said, he would have them; upon that he took four; he wanted me to give them to him, but I would not; he took them away without my consent; I saw him again a month ago, at Bow-street, among other people, and I knew him; in about ten minutes after he was gone, Mr. Holder, the clerk came in, and I acquainted him with it.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOLDER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A. No.
Q. Did you give him authority to fetch any books? - A. No; when I came to the chambers from dinner, I was made acquainted with the circumstance, and I went about and found them the same evening, at Mr. Nunn's, in Great Queen-street; upon my representing the way in which they had been taken, Mr. Nunn returned them; I opened them at Mr. Nunn's shop, and found Mr. Marryat's marginal notes in them; I knew his hand-writing.
WILLIAM LEATHERBOURG sworn. I am servant to Mr. Nunn, bookseller, in Great Queen-street: About the latter end of September, or beginning of October; the prisoner brought some books to Mr. Nunn's shop; I did not so much look at the books as I did at the prisoner; I am sure he is the man; Mr. Nunn purchased them, he asked eighteen shillings for them, my master gave sixteen shillings for them. The books produced.



                  JAMES 
                  NUNN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a bookseller in Queen-street; I have no recollection of the prisoner, the books were brought to me by a person, who said he was recommended to me by Mr. Brooke, in Bell-yard, being old editions, they did not suit him, and he frequently sends persons up to me with books that won't suit him.
SAMUEL MARRYAT, Esq. sworn. - These are my books, they have my hand-writing in each of them.
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing at all about Mr. Marryat's books.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before The LORD CHIEF BARON.
