





563. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LOWE
                  , alias 
BAKER





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of May
, twelve pair of stockings, value 9l. 9s.
             the property of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Lobb
               



             and 
               
                  Ellis-Shipley 
                  Lobb
               



            .
JOSEPH WILSON sworn. - I am servant to Messrs. Joseph and Ellis-Shipley Lobb, hosiers

, No. 148, Cheapside


: On the 21st of May, the prisoner stopped at the door in a hackney-coach; he came into the shop, set down, and asked to look at some silk stockings; I shewed him some; he soon made choice of a dozen pair, and desired me to make a bill of parcels, which I did, and gave to him; he put his hand in his pocket, and observed he had not money enough to pay for them, they coming to nine guineas; he then said his name was Davis, of the Secretary's Office, at the India-House, and desired them to be sent there; he turned round, and observed if our porter was at home, I might send them with him; the porter was at home, and I sent him with the parcel, telling him to go with the prisoner, and bring me back nine guineas for the parcel; the prisoner said he would give him the money; I saw no more of the prisoner till I saw him at Bow-street about ten days after; I swore to him, and he was committed.
Prisoner. Q. Did I purchase those hose from your shop? - A. Yes, in the manner I have stated.
Q. Did I promise to pay the porter? - A.You did.
WILLIAM JACKSON sworn. - I am porter to Mr. Lobb; I was ordered by Mr. Wilson to go with the prisoner, and bring back nine guineas for the goods; I followed the prisoner to the India House; up two pair of stairs, on the landing-place, he took the parcel out of my hand, and told me he was to give me nine guineas, and desired me to stop, and he would pay me; he went along the passage, and I followed him at a diftance, as I thought he was gone to some of the Offices; going further on in the passage I perceived a stair-case, and the prisoner nearly at the bottom, when I saw him put the parcel into his pocket; I run down stairs, but could see no more of him till I saw him at Bow-street about a fortnight after.
Prisoner. Q. Did you hear any words between Wilson and me? - A.You asked for a bill of parcels, and said you would pay the person who took them.
Prisoner's defence. The indictment charges me with having stolen this property; it is evident I went and fairly purchased them, and they were delivered to me at the India-House.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
