





57. 
               
                  
                     JOSHUA DAVID 
                     HILTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Purser
                        



Spinster
, on the 25th of November
 in the kings highway, putting her in fear, and feloniously taking from her person, and against her will, a gown, value 5 s. two shirts, value 6 s. three pair stockings, value 3 s. a frock, value 2 s. two tablecloths, value 5 s. a pellise, value 5 s, one yard and half of cotton, value 1 s. five handkerchiefs, value 5 s. three caps, value 1 s. two aprons, value 2 s. and two habit shirts, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John Mark 
                     Jones
                  



               
            .



                  MARY 
                  PURSER
               



            . I live at No. 6, Old North-street, Red Lion-square. I was sent by Mrs. Jones with another young person to fetch this bundle of linen. On the 25th of November, about half past eight in the evening, as we were coming down Fleet-Market


; there were several men behind me, they pushed the young person out in the road, and me against the wall; then immediately the prisoner snatched the bundle from me; he ran up an alley; I ran after him, and when he got to the top of the alley, I saw Mr. Matthews with the prisoner, and the bundle. I knew the prisoner to be the same man that snatched the bundle from me.
Q. You are sure that is the man, are you. - A. Yes, sir, it is the man indeed.


                  JOHN 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am an officer belonging to Hatton-Garden, about half past eight on the 25th of November, I was going through Fleet-Market; I saw these two young women together, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Purser
               



             had a bundle on her arm; there were two or three men following of them; I saw the prisoner come up, and push the young woman in the middle of the street almost, and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Purser
               



             against the shop window.
Q. He went between them. - A. Yes; and snatched the bundle from under her arm, she screamed out. I ran after him up Eagle and Child alley, and never lost sight of him, and coming into Shoe Lane, he throwed one other pair of stockings out of the bundle into the kennel. I was close after him; I stopped and picked up the stockings and pursued him again; he ran a little further, and then dropped the bundle; I catched up the bundle, and followed him and took him into custody. I am sure it is the same man, I never lost sight of him all the time, I was within three or four yards of him when he snatched the bundle. This is the bundle.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going along Shoe Lane, there was a sing out, stop thief: I saw the man running, he was a head taller than me. I, fool like, was running; I fell down when the officer took me; two or three boys said, I was not him.
GUILTY, aged 14.
Of 


               stealing, but not violently from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
