





282. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of January
, a coat, value 8s. two pair of breeches, value 15s. two waistcoats, value 8s. a pair of cotton drawers, value 6d. a pair of stockings, value 2s. two pocket-handkerchiefs, value 6d. a pocket-book, value 5s. a silver pencil, value 1s. 6d. two half-guineas, and two seven-shilling-pieces, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Bradburn
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Marth
                     



.
JAMES BRADBURN sworn. - I am a gentleman's servant out of place
, and lodged with the prisoner at the bar, at No. 7, Woodstock-street


; we had lodged there a fortnight, he lodged there before me: On Tuesday, the 20th of January, I had been out; I returned about ten o'clock in the evening, and found the door locked, and the prisoner gone; I got into the room by going through an adjoining room, and immediately missed the articles mentioned in the indictment, (repeating them); the prisoner had taken his own property with them; I had seen part of them on the Monday, and the rest on the Sunday; the tea-spoons I had used on the Tuesday morning; the trunk was locked, and the key of it in the tea-chest; the tea-chest was locked, and the key in my pocket; I found them both locked as I lest them; on the 22d I found a pair of stockings and a pair of drawers in the prisoner's bundle, among his own things, at the house of 
               
                  James 
                  Gregg
               



            , in Wigmore-street; the pocket-book was found in the prisoner's pocket when he was taken, on the 24th, I saw it at the watch-house, but the silver was taken off; I have found nothing else; I could not replace them under seven guineas.


                  JAMES 
                  GREGG
               



             sworn. - I keep the Rose public-house, in Wimpole-street: The prisoner came to my house on the 20th of January, and left a bundle, I cannot tell the day of the week, it was in the morning; I have known him by living in a gentleman's family; he left it with my wife, she is not here; he came again on the 21st, and asked me for the bundle he had left the day before, that was about eight o'clock in the morning; I gave him the bundle; he took away a coat and a pair of breeches, and left the rest; on the 22d Bates came with the prosecutor, and I shewed them the bundle that he had taken the things out of; I gave Bates the bundle; the prosecutor said, part of it was his; on the 24th the prisoner came in for a glass, and he was apprehended.(
               
                  Henry 
                  Bates
               



            , and another constable, produced the property, which was deposed to by the prosecutor).
Prisoner's defence. I am innocent of the charge; I paid my lodging; it was dusk in the evening: I tied up a few articles in a handkerchief, I did not know that I tied up any thing belonging to him; the pocket-book I picked up two days before, under the drawers; the woman that we had the room of had a door out of her's into our's, and she had an opportunity to come in as often as she pleased, it was always open.
GUILTY, aged 28.




               Of stealing goods, value 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blane.
