





57. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     ELLIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of November
, three quarters of a pound weight of ivory, value 3 s. and two tea caddies, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Jacques
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  JACQUES
               



            . I keep a turner's shop
 at No. 65, Leather lane, Holborn


. The prisoner has been in my employ upwards of seven years. I can speak to the property.


                  GEORGE 
                  STARKE
               



            . I am a musical instrument maker, I use ivory in my business. On the 12th of November, about nine o'clock in the evening, the prisoner offered the ivory in question to me as a sample of more he had to sell; he was to furnish me with twelve if not twenty pound on the following Saturday, of the same as the sample.
Q. What day of the week was this. - A. This was the Thursday; I was sure that he had stole it by the price that he offered it at; he left the ivory with me. I delivered the same ivory over to Mr. Jacques that he offered me for a sample.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TROTT
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton Garden office. On the 14th of November I apprehended the prisoner at his master's house; Mr. Jacques went with me to the prisoner's lodgings at Mutton-hill; the prisoner said we were wellcome to search his lodgings. There I found several articles of turnery the master said were his.
Q. In these lodgings did you find the two tea caddies. - A. I found two duplicates, one of a tea caddy and the other is for the tea chest; I went to the pawnbroker's where they were pledged; they came down with them to the office. The prosecutor swore they were his.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GIBSON
               



            . I live with Mr. Page, a pawnbroker, Liquor-pond-street. I took in one tea caddy of the prisoner on the 29th of October; I lent him two shillings on it; the other my master took in. I am positive of his person.
(The property produced and identified.)
Q. to prosecutor. How much of that ivory had you in your possession. - A. About two hundred weight.
Q. What is the value of that ivory. - A. About three shillings; the tea caddies about half a guinea or twelve shillings.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in liquor at the time I took the ivory. Starke took me to the public house and made me drunk, and asked me for the ivory.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
