





410. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     LEWIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of April
, eighteen yards of printed cotton, value 22 s. the property 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Burnett
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .
ROBERT BURNETT. I am a linen draper
, No. 20, Glasshouse street, the corner of Swallow street, Golden square


. On the 20th of April the prisoner came into my shop to look at some stockings; she bought a pair, and then she enquired for some muslins or muslin handkerchiefs; she bought one; I believe she was talking about the cheapness of our goods; I watched her, I saw her hand on the counter frequently; she went out of the shop after she had paid for what she had got, and when she had got a few paces from the door I went after her and brought her back into the shop; she dropped the print from under her petticoats; I gave her in charge of a constable.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GREGORY
               



            . Q.Are these the goods that you took from the prosecutor - A. They are.
Q. to prosecutor. What is the value of it - A. They are valued at twenty two shillings; it was laying on the counter, I did not see her take it, large as it was; she moved very slowly when she went out of the shop and talking to us of the price of our goods; I rather suspected that she had it between her legs.
Q. How far was she from the door when you went after her - A About eight or nine yards; when I brought her back in the shop the things dropped from her.
Gregory. The prisoner downed upon her knees and begged for mercy; when I took her to the watchhouse she begged I would solicit Mr. Burnett for mercy for her as she was in distress.
Prisoner's Defence. I purchased these articles, I had nothing to do with that print; they certainly must have been dropped there before; I certainly wrote to him for mercy; it is a disgraceful thing to be brought into a court, guilty or not guilty.
GUILTY, aged 27.
Of 


               stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Grose.
