





89. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of December
 fifty two gross of buttons, value 8 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Deykin
                  




               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Alley.


                  EDWARD 
                  CLARK
               



            . Are you employed by Mr. James Deykin, who keeps the Bell inn, Wood-street
. - A. Yes.
Q. What is Mr. Deykin. - A. He is a carrier from London to Birmingham.
Q. In the day stated in the indictment had you a variety of parcels in your master's cart to take to different persons. - A. I had.
Q. Among others had you a parcel No. 40. - A. Yes.It was directed to Mr. Welford, Lad-lane; I set out with the different parcels a little before nine, and when I arrived at Mr. Welford's house the clock had gone nine; the parcel was gone.


                  ANTHONY 
                  HARRISON
               



            . Q. You are an officer of police. - A. Yes; on Saturday the 19th of December I was going up Noble-street, near Wood-street in the city, about ten minutes after nine; I met the prisoner and two others with him, he had this bundle on his shoulder I crossed over, followed him, and catched hold of his collar, I asked him what he had got there; he instantly threw it off his shoulder; I laid hold of him, he attempted to run; in struggling to get away he tore his shirt. I secured him with my right hand, a scuffle ensued, I pulled of one side and he of the other; he tried to put his hand in his pocket, and when I found that I struck him once or twice with my fist; I afterwards examined his pocket, I found this knife; the other two escaped. I took him to the Bell public house and secured him; he told me he came honestly by it. This is the bill of parcels, and this is the carman's note.
Q. Upon what account did you take him. - A. I knew the persons that were with him; I never saw the prisoner before that morning.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. As I was going down the street a man came up to me and asked me if I would carry the parcel for him; he gave me half a crown. I carry things for any body.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
