






358. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HEWSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of April

, five pound eight ounces weight of flax, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Atkinson
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Yates
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Atkinson
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     BASTIN
                  




               
             for 


               feloniously receiving the same goods, he knowing them to be stolen
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  JAMES 
                  YATES
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. What are you. - A. I am a Russia merchant


, I am in partnership with 
               
                  James 
                  Atkinson
               



             and 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Atkinson
               



            ; the prisoner Hewson was in the service of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Atkinson
               



             as a labouring man
, he was no servant of the firm.
Q. By means of being his servant had he access to your flax. - A. He had whenever he pleased; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Atkinson
               



             is my partner's son, my flax was on his wharf at Brown's Key, Hermitage



. On the 26th of April I received information from Mr. Elliot; in consequence of which I caused the prisoner Hewson to be apprehended.


                  MARGARET 
                  WILLIAMS
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. I live in Pennington street, Old Gravel lane; on the morning of the 26th of April, between eight and nine o'clock, I went to the prisoner Bastin's shop to sell some rags that came to three farthings; there was an elderly man came in while I was there, in a brown jacket, which is the prisoner Hewson, he wanted to go backward; upon his wanting to go backward, Bastin said to him, she be d - d, never mind her, put it in; Hewson then pulled the flax out of a brown jacket pocket, and put it in the scale; Bastin weighed the flax and gave him a shilling and some halfpence, and Hewson went away; I put my rags in the scale, and before I went Hewson came back and said it was a bad shilling; Bastin gave him another, and Hewson went away again.
Q. Did you immediately after this go to Mr. Elliot's. - A. Yes, and I stopped at Mr. Elliot's while he went to Bastin's, and when he came back he shewed me some flax which I had seen at Bastin's shop.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gleed.
Q. How do you get your livelihood, you live in Pennington street, Old Gravel lane. - A. Yes.
Q. You was not to be found last session. - A. I was in the hospital.

Q. Do you know any thing at all about flax. - A. I cannot say that I do.
THOMAS ELLIOT sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. I believe you are a flax dresser, living in Crown court, Wapping. - A. Yes.
Q. On the 26th of April last in the morning, in consequence of any thing that 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Williams
               



             said to you, did you go to the shop of Bastin. - A. I did; she came to me that morning, I believe, about nine o'clock; when I went to his shop Bastin was not at home, I searched his shop, and I found five heads of Dutch flax behind the counter, placed in a corner; Bastin came into the shop; as soon as I had found the flax I said to him, Mr. Bastin I am looking for some property that does not belong to you, and here is something here that does not belong to you; he replied I have been to the barber's shop to be shaved, and since I have been gone somebody has thrown this into the shop, I know nothing about it, if it is your property take it away; no, says I, I cannot take it away, I will tell my son of it; I went and told my son of it, leaving the flax with Bastin in his shop: my son and his partner went.
Q. You say that these heads of flax were placed in a corner behind the counter, could they have been in that situation from any person throwing them. - A. No, they must have been placed there.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gleed.
Q. Your son and his partner went to Hewson's shop. - A. They went directly I came back.
Q. This flax was not your property. - A. No.
Q. I suppose this rag shop is like all other rag shops, an open rag shop in the street. - A. Yes.
Q. You went in consequence of information that you received from the woman. - A. Yes.
Q. You did not take the flax away with you. - A. No, I did not.
Q. Therefore whatever suspicions you had of the flax you left it in his custody. - A. Yes.
Q. How long was it before you returned and sent your son. - A. About three or four minutes.
Q. Then there was time enough for the flax to be removed and taken away - A. I suppose there might.
Q. How long distance do you live from where Bastin lives. - A. About one hundred and thirty yards.
Q. You made no particular mark on the flax. - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS STANLEY
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. On the morning of the 26th of April, in consequence of what Mr. Elliot said to you, did you and your partner 
               
                  John 
                  Elliot
               



             go to Mr. Bastin's shop. - A. Yes, I went immediately, I found Bastin in the shop, and five heads of flax on the counter, I asked him how he came by this flax, I suspected it to be some of ours, he said somebody had thrown it in the shop, he did not know how it came there, he says if it is your property take it; I took it home to my shop, and on examining it closely I found it did not match with what I had got.
Q. In consequence of that did you give information to Mr. Yates. - A. Yes, I took it to Mr. Yates.
Q. You afterwards took it to the police office. - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gleed.
Q. You are a dealer in flax. - A. Yes, very largely.
Q. You so far thought it was your own flax that you took it away from the shop. - A. Yes, I kept it in my own possession till I delivered it to Mr. Yates, it was never out of my possession till I delivered it to Mr. Yates and the officer.
JOHN FOX sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are a Thames police officer. - A. I am.
Q. On the 26th of April last did you take the prisoner Hewson into custody. - A. I did, about eleven o'clock in the day; I took him first in Mr. Elliot's shop, Mr. Yates was by at the time, he had been brought from Mr. Yates' to Mr. Elliot's; I took him to the police office, I produce the flax.
Prosecutor. I believe these three heads are my property and my partners. it is Dutch flax, I have compared them with the other flax I have on Mr. Atkinson's wharf, and they agree exactly.
The prisoners said nothing in their defence.
Hewson called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.
HEWSON - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 67.





               Confined Twelve Months in the House of Correction
            , and 



               fined One Shilling
            .
BASTIN - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
