





599. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     PITCHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of September
, a coat, value 30 s. a pair of breeches, value 12 s. two shirts, value 16 s. a pair of stockings, value 3 s. and two handkerchiefs, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Burdon
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Heaton
                     



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURDON
               



            . I lodge at 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Heaton
               



            's house.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. Yes, he lodged in the same house with me, that night, the 12th of September; the things were taken in the morning; I went out about six o'clock in the morning; about half past seven I was sent for; when I went out I left my property safe locked up in my box, and when I returned I found the prisoner in the possession of the landlord in the tap room, and my property on the table.


                  THOMAS 
                  HEATON
               



            . I keep the Elephant and Castle, the corner of Margaret court, Oxford market


. On Saturday about four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner applied for a lodging, he said he lived in a gentleman's family. On Monday morning, about seven o'clock, I heard the prisoner come down, I looked at him very hard, I saw a pair of white cotton stockings in his hand; I stopped him, I found upon him a drab coat, a pair of breeches, a pair of white cotton stockings, two handkerchiefs, and two shirts.
The property produced and identified.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Heath.
