





873. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MERRYMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of October
, a dollar, half a crown, four shillings and a sixpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Lambert John 
                     Titterell
                  




               
            .


                  LAMBERT 
                  JOHN TITTERELL
               



            . I am a fellowship-porter
. On the 25th of October, between eleven and twelve at night, as I was passing along Cornhill


, there was a stoppage of carriages, we could not pass along, there was a mob collected, being Jubilee night. The prisoner was close to my elbow. I felt a hand at my right hand trowsers pocket; I turned short round, and perceived his hand drawing from me, I immediately laid hold of him, and missing my money, I feltin his right hand, there was nothing in it. I immediately laid hold of his left arm, it was held out as if to give the money to his companion, I pulled it towards me and took a dollar from him; and at the same time my wife heard some silver fall. I did not hear it; I took him in custody.
MRS. TITTERELL. Q. You were with your husband that night. - A. I know nothing more than I heard the money drop. I wished to stoop and pick it up, two gentlemen would not let me, they thought the crowd would hurt me.
Q. Whereabouts was it. - A. At the corner of Bishopgate-street, by Cornhill.


                  GEORGE 
                  CUTLER
               



            , I am a constable. On Wednesday night, the 25th of October, between eleven and twelve, near the top of Cornhill, I heard the prosecutor challenge the prisoner with picking his pocket. I went to his assistance, the prosecutor took from his left hand a dollar. I took the prisoner with the assistance of my brother officer to the Poultry Compter; we searched him and found nothing on him.
Prosecutor. There is no mark on this dollar, I took it of Mr. Lucas, the commodore of the river fencibles, I being a river fencible myself, it was a very bright one. I am certain I lost a dollar.
Prisoner's Defence. Please you my Lord, I am a man that has three children, I work very hard to maintain them. I have work of my master's at home upwards of twenty pounds worth of property. I went out that evening to shew my wife and family the sight, I shewed them the India-house and the bank; and on my return I was stopped by this man. I had a hole in my pocket, I lost eight-pence worth of half-pence. I took the dollar out it was snatched out of my hand. A publican gave me two crown pieces, and seven shillings worth of half-pence in change.
Q. To CUTLER. Did you search him. - A. Yes, we found no hole in his pockets.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Seven years
            .
London jury before Mr. Recorder.
