






856. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CONNOR
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     CATON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault, on the 6th of October
, upon the King's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Pate
                        



                     
                   the younger, and taking from his person two yards of cloth, value 6s. a shirt, value 1s. a neck-handkerchief, value 2d. and a dish, value 2d. the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Pate
                     



                   the elder
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PATE
               



            , Jun. sworn. - I am thirteen years old, and know the nature of an oath: On the 6th of October, as I was going through St. Giles's


, about eight o'clock at night, with a bundle; it was snatched from under my arm by 
               
                  John 
                  Connor
               



            , as I suspect; one of the others (for there was a good many more boys) halloaed out, go along Tom; one of the prisoners had the property found on him.


                  JANE 
                  PATE
               



             sworn. - I am mother to the last witness, and gave him a bundle on the 6th of October, to carry into the city to his father; I live in Charlotte-street.
- BLACKMAN sworn. - I am a constable; Crocker and I apprehended Caton in St. Giles's, upon suspicion; the boy came down to Bow-street and gave information, and we went with him to see whether he could identify the prisoners; he said he saw Caton go along from us; about an hour afterwards Crocker and I saw Caton coming along King-street with another boy, and we apprehended them; I searched Caton, and found in his hat a piece of cloth and a handkerchief, in his left hand coat pocket; we apprehended 
               Connor
             the next morning, and the boy said he was the man. (The property produced and identified.)
Caton's defence. I bought those things of a labourer.
Caton, 


               GUILTY of stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Connor, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Health.
