






751. 
               
                  ANN, the wife
 of 
                     
                        WILLIAM 
                        
                        TUBBY
                     







            , and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     CLAVERING
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of October
, twenty-four yards of printed cotton, value 2l. 8s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Hugh 
                           Wright
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn. - I am a constable belonging to the Public Office, Shadwell: On Saturday the 22d of this month, I was at the Crooked Billet, Ratcliff-highway, three doors from Mr. Wright's, when the two prisoners and another woman came in; I knew Tubby, and she knew me; I observed her change countenance, and suspected she had been shop-lifting; I took hold of her by her gown to turn her round, and Clavering immediately attempted to pick up this bundle (producing it); it was behind Tubby, close under her petticoats; I am sure it was not there when they came in; I secured them all three, and took care of the bundle; Clavering said, she believed Tubby got it a few doors off; I then went to Mr. Wright's, and he missed the property.


                  HUGH 
                  WRIGHT
               



             sworn. - I am a linen-draper
, in Ratcliff


: In consequence of information I received from Brown, I examined the number of pieces I had just bought, and missed one of them; I saw them between ten and eleven in the morning; I had been out twice before I received the information; I had not seen either of the prisoners inthe shop; my son and daughter were left in care of the shop, they are not here; this is a piece of printed cotton that I bought four or five days before; they were on the counter; it has my shop mark upon it; it cost me two shillings a yard.
Tubby's defence. I met with this woman and another near Wellclose-square; I went with them to the Crooked Billet to have a pint of beer; I could not pay for it without changing half a guinea; I missed the half guinea out of my-pocket; I stooped down to look for it; Mr. Brown came up, and took a bundle out of this other woman's hand; he asked me if I knew any thing about it; I told him I did not; he took the other girl up stairs, and made her intoxicated, and told her, if she did not say what he bid her, she would be hanged.
Clavering's defence. I went with this young woman to have a pint of beer; she missed a half guinea; I saw this bundle on a porter's knot in the corner; I went to lay hold of it, and Brown took it from me; he took me up into a garret, and gave me beer and gin, and made me intoxicated; he said, if I did not speak the truth, I should be hanged; he bid me say this woman had it; she is as innocent as the child unborn.
Brown. There was a porter's knot in the window, but no bundle.
Tubby, 


               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing to the value of 30s.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Clavering, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
