





247. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he on the 9th of December
, was servant
 to 
                     
                        
                           Nathaniel
                           
                           Roberts
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           John Bellamy 
                           Plowman
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Snugs
                        



                     
                  , and was empowered and entrusted by them to receive money for them, and being such servant and so employed, did receive and take into his possession the sum of 3 l. 7 s. for his said masters, and that he afterwards fraudulently and feloniously did embezzle, secrete, and steal the same
            ; - and
SEVERAL OTHER COUNTS for like offence, only varying the manner of charging them.
The case was stated by Mr. Const.
MRS. CHASE. Q. You are the wife of Mr. Chase, the surgeon, I believe - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know Mr. Walker - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember at any time buying any silk of him - A. Yes; I chose the pattern sometime about the the 14th of September; I ordered sarsnet and persian for a pelisse; I bought it of Mr. Walker, and paid him for it; I think I paid him about three pounds seven shillings. This is it; this is the persian, and that is the sarsnet.
Q. You did not see Mr. Plowman on this occasion - A. No.
COURT. You did not go to the shop - A. No; I knew he lived there; he sent me some patterns; he was an acquaintance of mine.
Q. Did you buy it of him on his account - A. No; knowing he was at Mr. Plowman's I bought it of him, as the servant of Plowman and co. of course. I made the pelisse myself.


                  JOHN 
                  BELLAMY PLOWMAN
               



            . Q. Who are your partners - A. 
               
                  Nathaniel 
                  Roberts
               



            ; we are mercer


s, living in Chandos street


.
Q. The prisoner was with you last December - A. He was.
Q. Look at that silk which Mrs. Chase has produced, and tell us whether that is part of your property - A. I will swear that I bought this of Mr. Lesuse, of Spital fields; I am satisfied that is part of my property; the persian I am not certain of; the sarsnet is mine.
Q. Was the prisoner entrusted to sell goods and to receive the money for the house - A. Certainly, and to bring it to account.
Q. Has he brought to account three pounds seven shillings, or any other sum for that article - A. I believe not; I have examined the books with very great care; the cash book I have brought here, in that book it should have been entered; it was his duty to bring it to account, and saw it so done.
Mr. Gurney. Might it not happen that a person might bring the money into your till, nevertheless omit to make the entry in your book - A. He might so, but that would be found out and corrected at the end of the week; the cash book is settled every week.
Q. That is provided there was no error in casting up the accounts - A. That is almost impracticable, if you were to see the books.
Q. Have they not been found frequently to disagree - A. They have.
Q. Can you state upon your oath, that the sarsnet of the pelisse, that that is what you had in your possession - A I cannot swear it, but I have no doubt it is mine.


                  JOHN 
                  GEORGE
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Plowman and co.; I have brought the cask book; I have examined the book; I do not find any entry of it, nor any money given credit for it.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  ROBERTS
               



            , Q. You are partner to Mr. Plowman - A. I am.
Q. Was any money brought you on account for that silk - A. No, nor any part of it. I have examined the book twice over, with all the care I could, it is not entered there.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SNUGS
               



            . Q. You are a nominal partner in that house - A. I am. I have also examined the book to see whether there was any money brought to account for that silk; there is no entry of the name, nor any money brought to account.
Q. Can you take upon you to say that is the same silk - A. It has every appearance.


                  THOMAS 
                  CRAIG
               



            . I am shopman to Messrs. Plowman and Roberts.
Q. You enter in that book - A. I do, and they that give the money should see it done; I have examined that book; I do not find any entry of three pounds seven shillings for this article.
Q. I believe you are the person that keeps account of the money paid out of the till - A. Yes; I keep a petty cash book.


                  JOHN 
                  LESUSE
               



            . I am a weaver.
Q. Look at that silk, at the remnant first.
Mr. Gurney. That is a remnant that came from the shop.
COURT. Not that piece the lady brought - A. No.
Mr. Const. Did you sell that piece to Mr. Plowman - A. I think I did, I cannot be sure; I think it is our making.
Q. Now look at the pelisse, is that part of it - A. It has every appearance of being so.
Mr. Plowman. I brought that remnant from my shop this morning.
Mr. Gurney. How long have you had it - A. To the best of my belief, in August, 1807.
Q. Can you positively say that remnant was in your house, December 1807 - A. I can, I have no doubt I had it.
Mr. Lesuse. I have looked at the pelisse; I have no doubt that the pelisse was made of part of that which Mr. Plowman has produced, is the remainder; it has a particular selvage; it might be imitated, but I could discover it.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Wood.
