






396. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BYFIELD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS-MARSHALL 
                     WILSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 8th of April
, two silver teaspoons, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bradley
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRADLEY
               



             sworn. - I do not know any thing of the property being taken.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  BRADLEY
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Bradley
               



            ; I lost two tea spoons from the side of the fire-place on the ground-floor; I keep a little shop for botany plants; I saw them a minute or two before the prisoner Byfield came in; I asked him what he wanted; he made no answer, but said, he wanted a pinch of snuff, I told him it was too far to go for a pinch of snuff; he said his master was gone into the yard, and wanted me to get up to look at him; I said I did not want to see his master nor him neither; the prisoners were both strangers to me, and Byfield put his hand over to my shoulder, and took away the spoons; then the prisoner Wilson came up, and Byfield told him I would not give him a pinch of snuff; then he said he would give me a pinch, and they asked me if I would have any thing to drink, and I said, no; he said he would come back again within an hour; about three quarters of an hour after I was sent for to the Plough; he was then in custody.


                  JAMES 
                  HOLT
               



             sworn. - I am a constable of Kensington, I apprehended the prisoners; I found two silver tea-spoons upon Byfield, (Producing them).(The spoons were identified by Mrs. Bradley.)
Byfield did not say any thing in his defence.

Wilson's defence. I know nothing at all of the transaction. Byfield, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Wilson, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
