





600. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     GILES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of June
, a pair ofsheets, value 10s. a blanket, value 2s. a bolster, value 5s. a pillow, value 1s. and a pillow-case, value 1s. the property of 
                     
                        George 
                        Cruslac
                     




                  , in a lodging-room
            .
GEORGE CRUSLAC sworn. - I keep the Duke's Head, in Monmouth-court




: On the 20th of June I let a lodging to the prisoner, at 7s. a week; she came in the Saturday following, the 23d, and staid a short time, till I missed her and the property, and on the Monday following I took her in Bennett's-court, Drury-lane, in a lodging of 9s. a week; I took her to Marlborough-street, and found upon her one duplicate of a pair of stockings; I have never found any of the things since.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Is there not an opening by the side of the door through which any person might put their hand, and push the lock back? - A.No.
Q. Had you not a character with her from a person of the name of Patterson? - A. Yes.
Court. Q.Did she tell you she was going to quit her lodging? - A. No.
Q.What way of life was she in? - A. When she first came, she said she had a husband who would come home once a week; but afterwards she had men come to her, five or six in a day.


                  MARY 
                  DRING
               



             sworn. - I saw the things in the room the day she went away.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  COOPER
               



             sworn. - I am a grocer; I apprehended the prisoner in Bennett's-court, Drury-lane.
Prisoner's defence. I never took any thing out of the house; I left every thing as I found it.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave her a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
