





15. 
               
                  CHARLES DEAN


               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of December
, two legs of mutton, value 6 s. a shoulder of mutton, value 3 s. a saddle of mutton, value 6 s. a chine of pork, value 6 s. and a rib of pork, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Sims
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SIMS
               



             sworn. - Q. Where do you live? - A. In Warwick-lane, Newgate-market


: the prisoner was taken with the property on him; I cannot tell what time of the evening it was lost; my place was broke open on Sunday night, and my property was gone.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman in Smithfield; I met the prisoner on Monday morning, between twelve and one o'clock, with a large parcel on his shoulder; I asked him what he had got there; he said meat, and he had bought it of an acquaintance of his the other side of Blackfriars-bridge, in Cuper's-bridge; I asked him how he came so late with it; he said, he had met a friend, and he had taken him to drink with him; then he told me he was stopped by a watchman, and taken into St. Sepulchre's watch-house, and detained there some time by the constable; he told me when they found every thing safe and honest, they let him go; I called the next watchman to me, and asked him to go to the watch-house; the watchman went there, and the prisoner said he would go with him there, and they knowing nothing of the prisoner at the watch-house, nor the parcel neither, detained him; the watchman came back to me, and I took the meat to the watch-house, and delivered it to the constable of the night; he was taken to the Compter.
Prisoner. (To Jones.) Q. You swore you met me with a parcel on my shoulder, and you stopped me with it, was not that parcel on the door when you came out of the box? - A. It was when I come to you; when I first came out of the box it was on your shoulder, and when you saw me come out, you threw it on a cil of a door opposite my box.
Court. (To Prisoner.) Q. You claimed it afterwards, and said you bought it of a friend the other side of the water? - A. I said so after I got to the watch-house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SIMPSON
               



             sworn. - I am a patrol of St. Sepulchre's: I searched the prisoner at the watch-house, and took these keys from him, (producing them;) there is a latch-key and two other small common keys; I took the prisoner to the Compter; at the time I took him to the Compter, there was a crow found behind the cushion on the seat where the prisoner had been sitting; the stock of the crow corresponded with the wrench that forced the door open. (Produces the crow.)


                  JOHN 
                  PERKINS
               



             sworn. - I was officer of the night; the prisoner at the bar was brought in by the watchman, charged with stealing this meat; I took him to the Compter.
Q. Had any body been there from the time the prisoner had been there till the time you came back? - A. No. (Produces the meat.) I asked him how he came by it; he told me he bought it of Mr. Druce, at Cuper's-bridge; I asked him how he came to be so late; he said, he had been drinking; I asked him how he came by such a quantity; he said, he meant to let a friend have a part of it.
Q.(To Prosecutor.) Do you know that meat? - A. I do, I know every joint; I lodged this meat in my slaughter-house about half past eleven o'clock on Saturday night; it was taken from my slaughter-house.
Prisoner's defence. I bought it of a person of the name of Druce; I took it of him, thinking it might be of use to my family; I was thinking of salting the legs, which they do in my country which is as useful as any thing else. As to thecrow, I never saw it in my life, nor was there any cushion on the seat in the watch-house; it is not common for watch-houses to have cushions on the seat.
Q.(To Prisoner.) Where is the man you bought the meat of? - A. I sent for the man; he lives at Cuper's-bridge, but he is not here now.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 47.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
