





747. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3d of September
, a pint of brandy, value 2 s.
             the property of the 
               
London Dock Company




            .
SECOND COUNT for like offence, the property of persons to the jurors unknown.
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.


                  RICHARD 
                  BRAY
               



            . I am a watchman to the London dock company. On the 3rd of September last, in the morning, between the hours of six and seven, I went over the casks of brandy, I could not see through the casks of brandy, the heads were so close; I got upon the casks of brandy, and I saw the prisoner's head of one side; he arose from under the boodge of the cask and ran away. I saw the man distinctly and knew him well; the prisoner is the man.
Q. Did you go from that part of the cask where you saw him rise from - A. I did; I saw two bladders, one had a quill in it, it was in the cask; I dispatched a person to give our officer notice of it; one of the officers came, I shewed him where he had been, and gave him the bladders with the brandy in them; one was partly full and the other was filling from the cask.

Q. Was there brandy in the cask - A. There was, and there was brandy in both the bladders.
Q. On the 15th of September, about twelve days afterwards, do you remember seeing the prisoner - A. The watchman on that station cried out for help, I ran with two watchmen to assist him, when I came within a little distance of him, I said that is the man that robbed my station of the brandy, I am positive that the man I saw apprehended on the 15th of September, was the same man that was taking the brandy on the 3d. I gave the bladders to Watkins.
WATKINS. I am constable of the London docks. I received these two bladders from the last witness, they contained brandy, about 3 gallons in the two bladders.
Q. Did you examine the cask - A. Yes, there was brandy in the cask.


                  JOHN 
                  COX
               



            . I am an excise officer attending the London docks. I helped to apprehend the prisoner on the 15th of September, Bray was called to my assistance, when I saw him he was at the head of a wine cask, it had been bored with a gimblet, and the wine was running out.


                  JOHN 
                  ARNOTT
               



            . The prisoner's shirt was stained with wine, there were two bladders close by him where he stood and a gimblet. All this brandy is the property of the London dock company, it was on their ground and in the care of the revenue.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the charge, when this gentleman accused me I was lying up my shoe, he said what do you want here, I said I am doing no harm they searched me and found nothing.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
