






335. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FOLEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     ARIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of April
, a time piece and pedestal, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hartwell
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  MOLLOY
               



             sworn. Mr. Warren came into my shop to buy a pair of shoes.
Q. Do you live near Mr. Hartwell. - A. Yes, the next door; Mr. Warren called Mr. Blackman into my shop as he was going by, Mr. Blackman said there are two thieves going by, with that I looked out of the door, I saw two lads going by with a dial under their arms.
Q. Who had the dial under his arm. - A. I cannot say, it was under the arm of one of them, I was so terrified I cannot say, I hallooed out, and these two gentlemen went out and they were taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLACKMAN
               



             sworn. I was coming by with a prisoner at the same time Mr. Warren was in at Mrs. Molloy's, Warren called to me, I stepped into Molloy's shop to speak to Warren, mean while Foley and Aris came by, I knew them, I drew back and secreted myself in Mrs. Molloy's shop, I said Mrs. Molloy, there are two thieves, they are going to rob you, step out, you will see what they are about; they went into the next door, and took the time piece out of the shop; Mrs. Molloy says, come out, they have got it. Warren and I followed them down theHampshire Hog yard, and I believe it was Aris, the smallest prisoner, that flung away the pedestal; I picked it up, Warren pursued and overtook Foley, and apprehended him.
Q. Who had the clock. - A. I cannot say; when Warren laid hold of Foley it was in a narrow passage, I could not get by them; Aris ran away and got off; they were both in company together.
JOHN WARREN sworn. Q. You are an officer. A. I am; on the 25th of April I went to Mrs. Molloy's house to buy a pair of shoes, and whilst I was fitting them on I saw Mr. Blackman over the way, I called to him, he came into Mrs. Molloy's, he had not been in the house two minutes before he saw the two prisoners at the bar looking in Mrs. Molloy's window, Blackman says there is two thieves, take care Mrs. Molloy else you will be robbed, she immediately went out of doors and looked about, she had not been out half a minute before she cried out they had got it; I immediately ran out of the house and followed both of the prisoners into the Hampshire Hog yard, I think it was Aris that threw away the pedestal, I did not stop to pick it up, I pursued them and took Foley in the little court.
Q. Did you see any thing in his hands. - A. No.
Q. What became of the time piece nobody knows. A. No.
THOMAS HARTWELL sworn. I only know that this is my property; this is the pedestal of the time piece, I lost the time piece and the pedestal altogether.
Q. Did you ever find the time piece. - A. No.
Q. When did you see it. - A. On the morning of the 25th of April, before I went to work.
Q. Do you know that to be a part of the time piece you left in your shop when you went out. - A. Yes.
Q. What is that worth. - A. The pedestal is not worth any thing; I suppose the time piece and that altogether was worth about ten or twelve shillings; I am sure the pedestal is mine.


                  MICHAEL 
                  LEAYE
               



             sworn. I am an officer; I apprehended Aris after he made his escape from these officers.
Foley's Defence. I know nothing at all about it; this lad asked me if I would take a walk with him to his uncle's, I told him I would, I went with him to his uncle's, and then he and I parted; just as I got into the coach yard Mr. Warren apprehended me.
Aris's Defence. I know nothing of the things, I was up at my uncle's at the same time this was done.
Q.(to Blackman) When you first see these boys were they walking together. - A. Yes, and they looked into Mrs. Molloy's shop window; I am positive of them.
Q.(to Mrs. Molloy) What had they under their arms. - A. They had that all whole, it was the time piece that I took notice of.
FOLEY - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.
ARIS - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
