





372. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 13th of May
, six shifts, value 6 s. three tablecloths, value 10 s. three sheets, value 10 s ten pillow cases, value 5 s. an apron, value 1 s. and a handkerchief, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Shepherd
                  




               
            .


                  LYDIA 
                  SHEPHERD
               



            . Q. Are you a married woman. - A. Yes; my husband's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Shepherd
               



            . I live at No. 2, Bath gardens, Hare walk, Hoxton


. I am a laundress; my husband is a labourer
 in the East India warehouse. On the 13th of May, I had hung out a quantity of linen to dry, I took it in in the evening; and the next morning when I looked it over, I missed all the articles mentioned in the indictment.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar. - A. No, I never saw him before I saw him before the magistrate.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  VALENTINE
               



            . Q. You are a patrol - A. Yes. On Friday evening the 30th of May, I was coming from Kingsland Road, about a quarter past nine o'clock, it was dark; the prisoner passed by me with a bundle under his arm, gathered up loose, not tied up as they are now. I stopped him, and asked him what he was carrying, he answered some linen that he brought from his wife, to carry to the manglers; he said his wife was a washer woman in Cooper's Gardens; he was coming from Kingsland Road towards Shoreditch.
Q. Was the place where you met him between Hoxton and Shoreditch church - A. Yes. I asked him what manglers he was going to take it to, he said to one in Crab Tree row, in Hackney Road; it is about a hundred yards distance from Cooper's Gardens.
Q. Near town or further from town - A. Further from town I asked him how he came in Kingsland Road, as he was going to the manglers with it; he told me he had been of an errand for his wife with the bundle; I told him it was an unlikely story, I should go to the mangler's and know the truth.
Q. You apprehended him - A. Yes; I took him to the mangler's in Crab Tree row, she said she neither knew him nor his wife. I took him and the bundle to the office. I delivered the bundle to Mr. Armstrong; he has had it ever since.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . Q. Valentine delivered you that bundle - A. He did, and charge of the prisoner. I have kept the bundle ever since the man was taken on Friday the 13th. On Sunday I found the prosecutrix out, I desired her to come to the office. On Monday she came, saw the things, and knew them.
(The property produced and identified)
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking by the Black Horse, Kingsland Road; I was looking over the fields, I saw them lye down in the ditch; I stepped over the bank and picked them up.



               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
