





386. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 8th of May
, a pewter half pint pot, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Christopher
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  CHRISTOPHER
               



            . I keep the Black-horse, Petticoat-lane




.
Q. Did you lose a half pint pewter pot. - A. I did, on the 8th of May.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar. - A. I do.
Q. Was he in the house at the time you lost it. - A. Yes, I served him at the bar with half a pint of beer; he took the beer into the tap room.
Q. Did he pay for his beer. - A. Yes, and in about a minute or two he left the taproom, my mother-in law was in the tap room at the time; she came and asked me what was gone with the half pint pot. In consequence of that I went into the tap room to see if it was there; not finding it there, me and an acquaintace of mine went in pursuit of the prisoner, and took him three yards from the door.
Q. Had he the half pint pot with him. - A. It was in his jacket pocket. I know it to be mine; it was marked with the name of the person that lived in the house before me; I delivered the pot and the prisoner into the charge of the constable.
(The property produced and identified).
Prisoner's Defence. On the morning specified in the indictment, it might be nine o'clock that I went into the house, I called for half a pint of beer, whether I had drank the half pint of beer I cannot say; I tossed up with two or three people in the tap room; we then played with a thing at the ceiling, like the hand of a clock, like that ventilator (pointing to the ventilator); I turned out of the house to make water, I got a little distance from the door, I was returning to go into the house, a man came up to me and said what have you done with the half pint pot; I put my hand to my pocket, there the pot was half sticking out; if I had meant to conceal it, I should not have carried it away in that manner; my pocket is so shallow I am sure it must have been put in by somebody out of spite and malice.
Jury. (to prosecutor) Were there any other persons apparently drinking in his company at the time. - A. There was no other person, and he paid for the beer on delivery.

 The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
