





192. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 6th of February
, a box, value 5 s. twelve tablecloths, value 12 l. 17 s. twelve towels, value 10 s. 28 napkins, value 35 s. three dusters, value 1 s. 6 d. two pair of sheets, value 2 l. 10 s. four pillow cases, value 3 s. a bolster case, value 1 s seven cravats, value 21 s. eight handkerchiefs, value 16 s. three pair of stockings, value 3 s. two night caps, value 1 s. and two binders, value 1 s. the property of Sir


                           John 
                           Nichol
                        



                     
                  , Knight
; four pair of stockings, value 6 s. four pocket handkerchiefs, value 6 s. half a handkerchief, value 1 s. a flannel coat, value 1 s. a waistcoat, value 1 s. and a pair of pockets, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Susannah 
                     Valentine
                  



               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.


                  JAMES 
                  PARKINS
               



            . Q. You are a carter belonging to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Nichol
               



            . - A. Yes.
Q. Were you in town loading your cart on the day the box was lost. - A. Yes.
Q. Where is Sir John's house in London - A. No. 55, Lincoln's-Inn Fields


.
Q. How long is it ago. - A. A fortnight last Saturday; I came there with my cart to take the linen down into the country, to Sadgrove Aldenham in Hertfordshire, I took a large box and put it into the cart afterwards I went back to get another box. I was loading the cart in Lincoln's-Inn Fields at the front of the house.
Q. How long did you stay. - A. About three or four minutes; when I returned I found the first box gone; upon which several of the servants went out. I went myself; the coachman found the box, the same box that was lost was brought back again. I am sure it is the same box, it is here.


                  JOSHUA 
                  PERCEVAL
               



            . I am a coachman to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Nichol
               



            ; in consequence of being informed the box was gone, I went out of the house in pursuit after it. I went through Lincoln's-Inn Fields and turned into Clare market; before I went into the market, I saw the box going down the market upon a man's shoulder; I crossed over and stopped the prisoner with the box on his shoulder, he wanted me to be easy, he said I was taring his coat; I said if he stood still I should not tear his coat; there was a butcher's stall just by, he dropped the box immediately, I called out for assistance; he told me to let him go, he would find out the man that gave it to him; I told him no, he must stop there, he was trying to get away; I found the coat giving way, Iimmediately laid hold of his waistcoat, some people came to my assistance, and he was taken. That box is the box that was in the prisoner's possession; I knew the box before, it is sir 
               
                  John 
                  Nichol
               



            's box. I took the prisoner in about two minutes after the alarm,


                  SUSANNAH 
                  VALENTINE
               



            . - Mr. Knapp. You are housekeeper
 to sir 
               
                  John 
                  Nichol
               



            , were your things in the box. - A. Yes, every thing that is stated in the indictment,
Court. Nothing depends upon the value here.
Valentine. This pair of pockets are mine, and here is a cravat of my master's; they were in the box.
Prisoner's Defence. I was stopping at the top of Clare market, and a genteel young man called out, porter; he said he had got a box to carry to Temple bar; he asked me what he should give me to carry it, I said a shilling; he lifted it up on my shoulder, and that young man stopped me with the box.



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
