





108. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CHAPMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 8th December
, eight leather howzells, value 1 l. 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John Trueman 
                     Villebois
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Villebois
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Sampson 
                  Hanbury
               



            , and
Other counts for like offence, only varying the manner of charging them.
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.


                  EDWARD 
                  COLTEN
               



            . I am a drayman to Messrs. Hanbury, their brewhouse is in Spitalfields.
Q. Did you, and Haley your fellow servant, go to deliver any beer in Field lane. - A. Yes, on the 8th of December, to Mr. Robinson, the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



            . We left the drays on Saffron hill, between the hours of seven and nine; when we returned, we missed the leather howzells from off the horses, they seemed as if they had been cut off with some sharp instrument upon that we made enquiry, but could find nothing out about them. We went home and informed the master of it; the day after we saw them at Worship street.
Q. Were those howzells that you saw at Worship street, the same that were on the horses before. - A. Yes, they are the property of Messrs. Hanbury.


                  THOMAS 
                  DIBBIN
               



            . I am store house clerk.
Q. What are the names of the partners. - 
               A. John Trueman Villebois
            , 
               
                  Henry 
                  Villebois
               



            , and Sampson Hanbury.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . You are an officer of Worship street. - A. I am, I went on Monday the 8th of December in the afternoon, with Vickrey and Bishop, to a house situated in Brewer's Yard, Chick Lane, I left Bishop in the front part of the house; I and Vickrey went round the back way, and went into a stair case, that led into a room where the prisoner was sitting, two women were in that room, one he said was his wife. I asked him if he lived there, he said yes, he had lived there a twelvemonth and paid 8 s. a week. I asked him if he had got any thing there, (I believe them were the direct words) he said no, I looked into a cupboard of the left hand side, and in a minute or less, Vickerey said it was all right. I then from that called up Bishop, bolted the door, and in one minute I saw Vickrey lift up a board, and take out this (producing the leather howzells) from between the ceiling below; they were handed to me, and I put them on a table, I believe there were eight of them, and I knew eight were lost. I then says to the prisoner, how came you by this, his answer was, I know nothing about them; the prisoner was secured instantly, and in coming away, he said, I wish you would go up stairs for they had been brought in there by a little boy, that found them in the necessary. I went up stairs, I tried the door of the room, it was padlocked; then I took them to the office; they were sworn to.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NEWDY
               



            . I saw the prisoner at the corner of a court, coming into Safforn Hill. I had no suspicion of the man.
Q. Are you sure that he was the man that was there at that time the drays were there. - A. Yes.

 (The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. In the morning when I was coming down stairs, I saw two boys in the privy, I asked them what they had there, they said that they had some leather that they found in the privy; they said it did not belong to them; I asked them what they wanted, they said they were going to call a drover up that lived there, if I was a mind to have it, I might have it; when the officers came the drover was out; the drover came up to the office to me, I asked him for the boys, he told me he would bring them, but the boys have gone on board a ship this fortnight.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
