






11. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Eleanor 
                           Turner
                        




                     
                  , widow
, about the hour of seven in the night, of the 30th of October
, with intent to steal, and stealing a gown and coat, value 20s. three gowns, value 25s. three cloacks, value 20s. and a bonnet, value 2s.
             the property of the said Eleanor.
ELEANOR TURNER sworn. - I am a widow; I live at No.12, Robinson's-lane, Great Chelsea


; I take in washing and mangling
: On Friday night, the 31st of October, about a quarter before seven -
Q.Was it light or dark? - A. It was quite moonlight; I was sitting in the kitchen ironing, with a candle lighted; I heard one of the bed-room doors creek upon the hinges; I immediately ran up; I knew nobody had business in that room, but myself; I immediately went up, and saw the room-door open; I had left the room about ten minutes before; I locked the door, but left the key in; I did not go into the room; I saw the bonnet-box turned on one side; before that, I heard a man's foot in the passage, a heavy lumping foot; I immediately ran up stairs, and saw the prisoner at the street-door running out; I had about eight stairs to come up; as I was going up stairs, I saw the man run.
Q. Did you know the man? - A. I know him perfectly well; that is the man; I am certain it was the prisoner.
Q. Had you known him before? - A. No; he was running along the passage; I ran after him.
Q.Had not you been before that to see the bonnet box? - A. I saw it as I passed it; I did not go into the room; I called out murder, thieves, fire, every thing that my fright could dictate; there were two men running in the street; I saw but one in the house, but the prisoner is the man that I took notice of; 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Hale
               



            , my neighbour, brought him back; he had got about twenty or thirty yards; he turned out to be lame; I came back to my own house to see what I had lost, and then he was brought back; there was no other man, besides themselves, in the lane; they were running, and the more I cried stop thief, the faster they ran; the lane runs down to the water-side from the King's-road, and is rather a lonesome lane; I missed a flowered gown and petticoat of my own, two white gowns of one of my daughters, one black silk cloak of my daughter's, one white bonnet of my own, a linen gown, and a black silk cloak of my youngest daughter's, which laid at the top of the bed.
Q. What is the value of them? - A.About three pounds five shillings altogether.
Q. Are your daughters of age? - A. Yes; one is eighteen, and the other is turned twenty.
Prisoner. Q.Have you always said that I was the man that run out of your house? - A. Yes, always.
STEPHEN HALE sworn. - I am a carpenter at Chelsea; I live next door to Mrs. Turner: On Friday, the 30th of October -
Q. Are you sure it was Friday? - A. Yes; Friday evening I heard a cry of stop thief; I ran after the prisoner and another man; I overtook him in Robinson's-lane, he was a little lame, neither walking nor running, but a sort of a shuffle; I asked the prisoner if he had seen any men pass him; he said, what odds is that to you; I said, it was odds to me, for there was something lost; he said, you find it then; I passed him, and ran across to the King's-road; I looked right and left, to see if I could see any body running, but there was nobody; I then got into the hedge, to wait till the prisoner came up, and when he came to the corner, he looked right and left; when he saw the coast clear, as he thought, he then set off running towards London; I overtook him in about ten yards, and said to him, my friend, you must not go any further this road without you tell me where you have been, and where you are going; he said he was come from Mr. Scott's, and I desired him to go with me to Mr. Scott's, it was but just by; and then he said, no, it was not that Mr. Scott, but Mr. Scott at Fulham, that he had been to; I asked him if he had seen Mr. Scott; he said, no; I asked him if he had seen Mrs. Scott; he said, no; I asked him if he had seen any of the children; he said, no, he had seen only one James, a carter; I enquired, but there was no such man lived there; then he turned back with me, and said, he had worked for Mr. Scott, and earned five shillings a day at digging the ground; afterwards, he said he was a carpenter.
Q.What is Mr. Scott? - A. A gardener; I asked him who he worked for as a carpenter; he said, he worked for Mr. Long at Chelsea, and had worked for him five months; I asked him Mr. Long's foreman's name, and he could not tell me; I had worked for Mr. Long myself for five years.
Q. Had you an opportunity of knowing whether he had worked for Mr. Long? - A. I know that he had not.


                  MATTHEW 
                  DANIEL
               



             sworn. - I am a glazier and painter, No. 14, Robinson's-lane: On the 30th of October, about a quarter before seven in the evening -
Q. What day of the week was it? - A.Friday.
Q. You are sure it was Friday? - A. Yes; I saw a man in a sailor's dress loitering about Mrs. Turner's door; I thought it had been a young man of the name of Holdall that was going out to sea; I went up to him, and saw that it was not him; the door was a-jar; then I went about my business; the next morning, Saturday, as I was going past the watch-house, I saw the prisoner with his arms over the top of the watch-house door; I said, what are there two men in the cage; he said, no; why, says I, the man that was put in herewas handcuffed; yes, says he, but I have broke the b-y things; painter, can you tell me where to sell them for a glass of gin; I told him they had got his mate; he said, have they by G-d; had I known what would have transpired, I would have done that fluttering fellow's business; Hale has got a little impediment in his speech.
Prisoner. He asked me if I was the prisoner; I said, yes; he said the sailor was taken; and I said, I was very glad of it, if they had got the right man that took the things.
Court. Q.Did he say so? - A. He did not.
JOHN ARNOLD sworn. - I work at the paper-manufactory in the King's-road, and lodge in Robinson's-lane: On Friday, the 30th of October, near seven o'clock in the evening, I was coming down the lane; I met a man running towards me, with a bundle, dressed in sailor's clothes and trowsers, with a round hat; he ran by me very smartly; I heard no alarm, but about twenty or thirty yards further, I met the prisoner at the bar walking after the other.
Q. Are you sure of the prisoner? - A. Yes; I am sure he is the same man; he was taken in about a quarter of an hour afterwards, and I saw him again; I met him about the middle of the lane, where there are no house; the things have never been found.
Prisoner's defence. I had been to see an acquaintance, and as I was going home through this lane, they stopped me; I never saw any other man.
Q.(To Mrs. Turner). Where were your daughters? - A.Sitting with me.




               GUILTY of stealing goods, value 39s.
             aged 33.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
