





807. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of October
, four gowns, value 30s. a pair of stays, value 5s. a petticoat, value 1s. a shirt, value 4s.a shirt, value 2s.four pillow-cases, value 4s. a bed-gown, value 1s. a waistcoat, value 5s. three table-cloths, value 28s. a napkin, value 2s. an apron, value 2s. two window-curtains, value 2s. an apron, value 1s. four neck-handkerchiefs, value 4s. a silk handkerchief, value 2s. two caps, value 1s. a pocket-handkerchief, value 6d. and a crape hatband, value 1d. the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Ansell
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JAMES 
                  ANSELL
               



             sworn. - I am a dealer in potatoes
; I keep a house, No. 55, Tottenham-court-road


: On Tuesday the 14th of October, I lost the articles mentioned in the indictment, between five and six o'clock in the evening; I went up to the bed-room, and found a false key in the door, which I have in my hand, (produces it); it is not a skeleton key, I observed that it had been filed; I went to a locksmith's shop, and in consequence of information, I went with a constable to the prisoner's apartment the same evening, and we found her in bed; in searching the room we found the property mentioned in the indictment, the constable has it; I had not been up stairs from eight o'clock in the morning till that time.
Mrs. ANSELL sworn. - I got up in the morning about eight o'clock, and when I came down I left the door locked; I did not go up stairs again till my husband gave me an alarm; I went up stairs, opened two drawers, and saw my clothes gone, the drawers were not locked; I saw my things again the next day in St. Pancras watch-house, I knew them to be mine; the prisoner was a stranger to me; the things were delivered to Postlethwayte.
(Ann Neville gave the same testimony as in the former trial).


                  WILLIAM 
                  POSTLETHWAYTE
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, (produces the property); I took them to the watch-house, and from there to my house; I found the prisoner in the lodgings where I found the property. (The property was deposed to by Mrs. Ansell).
Q. Do you think these articles, if they were sold, would bring the sum you have put down? - 
A. They would; I am certain they are all mine, they have my name upon them.
Prisoner's defence. Last Tuesday was a week I had these things from a woman that I had lent ten shillings and sixpence to, and when I took them home I had lost my key, and I went to that woman's to get the lock picked, that is the way I came by the things; she was to call for them the next morning; I had the woman taken, and she was before the Justice, and the Justice acquitted her and committed me.
Q.(To Ansell.) How far distant is your house from the prisoner's? - A. Three or four doors.
GUILTY. (Aged 28.)
Of 


               stealing goods, value 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
