





278. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     PROSSER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of March
, eight bed sackings, value 2 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     North
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Frith
                  



               
            .
The indictment was read by Mr. Bolland, and the case was stated by Mr. Alley.


                  JOHN 
                  WILTSHIRE
               



            . Q. You are a bedstead maker, living in Bett's street, Ratcliffe Highway. - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar. - A. I do. In the month of August he told me to make a bedstead for him; it was made, and my man carried it home.
Q. Did you see the prisoner after it was carried home. - A. Yes, I saw him at his house in St. Catherine's lane, Wapping; he then said I have a quantity of sacking, it has been brought by a relation for me to dispose of.

Prisoner. I deny that.
Court. I know you deny it because you say you are not guilty, you deny the whole of it.
Witness. He said if I had no objection, he knew they would suit me, to take them in exchange for the bedstead.
Mr. Bolland. What was the amount of the bedstead; your charge. - A. About five pound six shillings; I never saw him before he applied to me for the bedstead; when the first bedstead went home, he ordered another, he said I have some new sacking; and I will look them out.
Q. What was to be the amount of the second bedstead. - A. Three pounds ten shillings; I told him I had no objection to the sacking, and my man took part of the sacking.
Mr. Gurney. Did you receive them of him. - A. Yes, I was there and he was there.
Mr. Bolland. What quantity of sacking did you receive. - A. Here is his receipt I received; in the whole thirteen pound one shilling, is the amount of the whole of the sacking; when I had the sacking first there was nothing suspicious, but when the second parcel came home they were much out of the common size; it was such as I imagined a person would not send to him to dispose of, because they were things that were used perhaps once in a twelvemonth; when my business led me into the city I called upon Mr. North. I called several times, I did not see him till the latter part of the year. I knew I should see him at the latter part of the year; he is a customer to me, and I am to him; not having an opportunity of seeing Mr. North, I wrote him a letter giving him information that I believed a person in his employ was not honest.
Q. What did you finally do with the second part of the sacking. - A. Part I used and part I sent to Mr. North by my porter. The prisoner told me he worked for Mr. North.


                  THOMAS 
                  WELLS
               



            . - Mr. Alley. I believe you are a rider to the prosecutor. - A. Yes.
Q. After this transaction had taken place do you remember the prisoner being brought to Mr. North's house. - Q. Yes, on the 17th of March; when the prisoner was brought there three sackings were there, and Mr. Frith, Mr. North's partner was there; Mr. Frith, myself and the constable, were together in the accompting house; Mr. Frith desired the prisoner might be sent in; when the prisoner entered, Mr. Frith said, Mr. Prosser, I have sent for you on a business which I do not understand, and which I am unwilling to believe; pray where did you get this sacking, pointing to the sacking, it lay before us; the prisoner hesitated, and at length said they were brought to him; but said Mr. Frith they have our own marks on them; you sold them to Mr. Wiltshire, he suspected that you could not get them honestly; he informed us and sent them home; Mr. Barker can swear to our marks.
Q. Who is Mr. Barker. - A. Mr. North's apprentice; and I would rather have suspected any man than you, who have been in the house so long, we may have been robbed this twenty years; while Mr. Frith was addressing the prisoner, the latter cast his eyes over the sacking as if disappointed, on discovering the marks, his countenance altered, he stammered out I confess; then says the constable (Murphy) stepping forward, you must go along with me; I saw the prisoner, accompanied by the constable, leave the house.
Q. What are the partners names. - 
               A. John North
             and 
               
                  William 
                  Frith
               



            .


                  EDWARD 
                  MURPHY
               



            . - Mr. Bolland. Where you present at the time Mr. Wells has been speaking to, when Mr. Wells and Mr. Prosser was there. - A. Yes, what Mr. Wells has said is verbatim what passed I can take my oath.

Q. 
            Did you make any search on the prisoner's premises. - A. I did. I went to No. 2 St. Catherine's lane; when I entered the house, I asked the woman that opened the door, if her name was Prosser; the prisoner afterwards told me it was his premises; there I found mops and brushes to the tune of thirty pound and upwards, and I left a vast number behind me that we were suspicious of; I took them in two coaches.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. The sacking I bought fifteen month's previous to my being accused; I keep an open shop, and buy and sell things; they were brought to me two dozen of them, the man said he was going into the country; he was under the necessity of selling them. I gave after the rate of four shillings and sixpence each for them.
The prisoner called seven witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 53.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
