







55. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     CROSS
                  




               
             & 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WEST
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the sixth of November

 a bundle of rod iron, value 10 s. twelve rods of iron, value 8 s. four dozen of harness buckles, value 10 s. four gross of wood screws, value 7 s. eleven chaise joints, value 7 s. and one screw winch, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Glover
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Glover
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HAMBLETON alias 
HAMERTON




               
            , for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            .
(The Case was stated by Mr. Knapp.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  OLIVER
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. What are you? - A. I am a journeyman smith employed by Mr. Glover. On the sixth of November, between eight and nine at night I was going up the staircase of my master's back premises, I clapped my hand on the prisoner Cross's head; not knowing who he was, I asked who was there, he made no answer. The people that lived over-head, on that staircase, were coming up the yard, a girl called to her mother; directly Cross got up, I heard him pull his hand out of the shop from between the boards that parted the staircase from the shop; when he got up, he asked me whether I wanted to hurt him; I replied no, Idid not want to hurt him, but I should not suffer it, as I had seen him concealed in a place where I thought he had no business; he directly called me out of the yard, and by the public-house door he begged and prayed that I would not hurt him, nor say any thing to the master; I made answer, I could say no more to him; I advised him to go home to his apartment; I made my way to the front of the house and left him; I knocked at the door, and asked if the master was at home, I found he was not; I got a candle and went to the back part of the shop where I had seen the prisoner, and there I found on the wainscoating a board pushed or forced out at one end, about nine or ten inches.
Q. Could a person from there take any thing out of the shop? - A. Very easily; he could reach the iron, or any article that had been placed there.
Q. Had he been at work there near about that time? - A. About half an hour before that time; his hour to leave the shop was eight o'clock. Cross came to me the next morning when I first came to work, he asked me if I had said any thing to the master about it; I told him I had nothing to say to him; I dare say the master knew it before this time.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gleed.
Q. It was so dark that you could not see the man nor the hand? - A. No, I did not see him, but I knew the man by his voice.
Q. How long was it after you was on the staircase that you had the conversation with him? - A. Upwards of five minutes afterwards.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GLOVER
               



             sworn. Q. You are a partner with Mr. 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Glover
               



            , you are coach-smith

s? - A. Yes.
Q. The back part of the warehouse extends to Charles-street, and the front to King-street



? - A. The shop does not join the house, there is a communication from one to the other across a little yard.
Q. You know the prisoner Cross? - A. He was my porter
, he had been with me very near three years.
Q. In consequence of the information that you received, did you send for Cross after his breakfast time? - A. I did. After I first came into the shop Oliver came to me.
Q. From that information did you afterwards miss any of your property? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you miss the articles contained in the indictment, the screws, rods, and all of them? - A. I could not miss the rods, I have so many.
Q. Did you observe the hole at the staircase, at the back of your warehouse? - A. Yes.
Q. Was there any appearance at the hole of any thing having gone through there? - A. Not through there; underneath the door there was the appearance of something having been drawn through; there was a hole underneath the door, about six inches in length, quite down to the ground, it appeared as if a bundle of rod iron had been drawn through the hole by the ground being disturbed, and the hole was very much scratched. I waited for two hours after breakfast-time to see if he came; he did not come; I sent my clerk for him and he came immediately. When he came in the began to cry, saying, he hoped I would forgive him, for he had taken nothing away, he had only made an attempt; I told him I was sure that there must be some iron gone, for I had seen that the ground had been disturbed, it must have been dragged under the door; the prisoner said, if I would forgive him, he would tell me where he had sold it, and what he had taken; I told him I would, if he told me the truth, but if I found one article more than he told me, I would prosecute him. He told me that he took one bundle of iron, and two dozen of large size stump joints.
Q. Were these taken at one, or at different time? - A. I believe at different time.
Court. Q. Now your counsel will tell you that you must confine yourself to one single fact, of taking at one time.
Mr. Knapp. Q. I will take the bundle of iron. - You are to confine yourself to the bundle of rod iron. Did you afterwards go with Cross to Hamerton's and find the bundle of rods? - A. Yes.
Court. Q. Did he tell you where he took the bundle of iron rods to? - A. Yes. He told me he took the bundle of iron rods to Hamerton, before Oliver catched him on the same night.
Q. Did you see the bundle found? - A. No, my brother did.
Q. Was the bundle that was produced, and found there in the cellar your property? - A. To the best of my knowledge it was; he found that and other property.
Q. Then I suppose the prisoner was taken into custody? - A. Yes.
Q. Was Hamerton taken into custody? - A. No, Hamerton was not at home at this time; his wife was.


                  SAMUEL 
                  GLOVER
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am brother of Joseph and 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Glover
               



            .
Q. Did you go with your brother and the prisoner Cross to Hamerton's? - A. I did, I went down into the cellar, I saw one rod of iron stand that had been cut in pieces, there was a man in the cellar; I said this looks like my brother's iron; Cross was with me; Iasked the man how it came here, he-said he would go up stairs and fetch his master; he came down again into the cellar, and we found the remainder of the rods in the cellar; Cross stepped a step or two further in a dark place in the cellar, and found another bundle; this is the bundle he said he took on the over night; I asked him what he was to have for it, he said five shillings, but he was not paid for it.
Q. Was five shillings the price that it would have sold for? - A. It was worth about fourteen shillings.
Q. What was Hamerton? - A. He keeps a smith's shop and an iron shop together; there was a forge in the cellar; we went up stairs; Cross asked Mrs. Hamerton where the things were that he had bought the over night; she said that she knew nothing at all about it, but she would go and find her husband; she came back again and said she could not find her husband. We sent for an officer, and immediately took them away.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gleed.
Q. When you first went to Hamerton's house Hamerton was not at home? - A. No.
Q. When Cross and you came up together out of the cellar, Cross asked Mrs. Hamerton where the things was, addressing himself to Mrs. Hamerton? - A. He did.


                  MICHAEL 
                  BUCKLEY
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. Are you a constable? - A. I went to Hamerton's house; I had several things delivered to me by the prisoner Cross pointing them out; I produce them.
Q. (To 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Glover
               



            .) Have you the least doubt of these iron rods being your brother's property? - A. I have no doubt of it.
Mr. Gleed. Suppose you had found them in Berkshire or Oxfordshire, would you have known them? - A. No.
Q. You have no other proof than the man saying they were your brother's? - A. No other proof than Cross shewing them to me.
Q. Supposing you had been in Berkshire, and you had seen it in the market place, should you have known it? - A. No.
Court. Does the recollection of the rods that you had seen in your brother's possession confirm that what Cross says is true? - A. I believe what Cross says to be true; he found it in the dark place; he said he had put it there.
Q. (To Buckley.) You apprehended Hamerton? - A. I did, about nine o'clock the same night in his one pair of stairs room, after searching for him in different places.
Q. What passed between him and you? - A. Nothing very material; he seemed to know very little about the business at first, but after a time he said he heard of it about three or four hours ago; he seemed to be sorry for his wife; because not finding him, I took the wife to the watchhouse; I told him he was very wrong that he did not come forward, as she then might be liberated.
Cross's Defence. I know nothing at all about it.
Went and Hamerton were not put on their defence.
CROSS - 

               Guilty
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WENT - 

               Not Guilty
            .
HAMERTON - 

               Not Guilty
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
