





768. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WEBB
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of October
, a brush,value 1d. and fourteen fowls, value 21s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Dorchester
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  DORCHESTER
               



             sworn. - On the 16th of this month, in the morning, I missed fourteen fowls; I had twenty-nine in the whole, locked up in a stable, young and old; the stable-door was fastened with a padlock, which I have in my pocket,(produces it;) I had seen it safe at nine o'clock at night; there were fifteen lost in all, but one of them lay dead outside the stable-door; I saw my fowls again the same morning, in the possession of the watchman; I can swear to the sowls; there were five of them all white, they call them French fowls, their feathers stood quite upright; the stable door was found open in the morning, and the padlock on the ground.
- CARTER sworn - I am a watchman at Action; as I was crying the hour of three in the morning, of the 16th of this month, I turned round, and saw the prisoner close by me; I said, good morning to you, young man; I observed he was loaded with something upon his left shoulder; I clapped my hand upon it, and said, what have you got here, my friend; he said, he had got a few fowls; I asked him how he came by them at that time in the morning; he said, he had fetched them from his brother, on Hillingdon-common; says I, you mean Hillingdon-heath, I suppose, and he said, yes; I put him in the watch- house, and locked him up; I took the property home with me for safety; the fowls were all dead, there were fourteen of them; in consequence of information, Mr. Dorchester came the next morning and claimed them; I found this brush in his pocket, it was on the right-hand side, going into the stable door.
Prisoner's defence. I had been down to Uxbridge; as I was coming to town, I found this bag of fowls.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 34)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  THOMPSON
               



            .
