





40. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITTEN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of November
, a wooden case. value 10 s. and 2400 handkerchiefs, value 140 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Smith
                  



               
            , 
               
                  John 
                  M'George
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Watson
                  



               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . Q What are you - A. I am factor


 and agent


; my partners names are John M'George and Thomas Watson; I know the case to be ours; I live in Watling street


.
ROBERT DENT. I am a warehouseman to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lancaster
               



            . On the 26th of November, about five minutes past nine in the morning, I was going to the warehouse; I saw the prisoner and two others on the opposite side of the way; I saw two of them go up the court of Smith, George and Watson; them two came out, and they all went together to the Old Change.
Q. Had they any thing with them - A. Nothing at that time. They went into the Old Change and turned to the left; in about half a minute I saw them all three return; the prisoner had got a knot on his shoulder; I saw him go into the gate of the court of Smith, George, and Watson; all three came out; the prisoner had a box on his knot; I walked up on the opposite side of of the way, he had got ten yards from the door or thereabouts; I went towards him and said I believed the box was not his; upon which he threw the box down and ran off; I ran after him and cried stop thief; he was taken just at the end of Newgate street; I never lost sight of him.
Q. What became of the box - A. The box was not removed on my return, I believe; I found the box in Watling street, in the same place.
Q. Is that the box - A. I did not take any particular notice; I cannot say it is.
Q. You saw a box on the man's shoulder - A. I did, he threw it down.
Q. When you came back you saw it in the same place - A. Yes; it was carried into Mr. Smith's house by some of Mr. Smith's men I believe.
JOHN FLINN. I live with Mr. Smith as porter. I knew this box to be in the court that leads up to the house at half past eight in the morning; I did not notice it till I saw it lay in Watling street, about ten yards from my master's; I stood by it till the prisoner was brought back. I helped carry the box into the court again.
Q. You are sure that is your box that was in your master's yard in the morning, and you saw it in Watling street afterwards - A. Yes, it is marked PN 104.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am a constable. I took charge of the prisoner, and likewise I have had the box in my custody ever since.
(The property produced and identified.)
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel; called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
