





292. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRINGTON
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of February
, fourteen pounds weight of ham, value 12 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Masters
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MASTERS
               



             sworn. - I am the wifeof 
               
                  William 
                  Masters
               



            ; I live at No. 23, St. John street


: On Wednesday, the 27th of February, at near nine o'clock, the prisoner came into the shop and asked for half a pound of butter; I served him, and after he had paid for it, he was going out; he returned and said he forgot he wanted half a quartern of cheese, and having more customers in the shop, he said he was not in a hurry; I served the other customers, and then looked for him and he was gone.
Q. Did you miss any thing from your shop? - A. No, I did not hear any thing of it till the next morning, when the constable came we looked and missed the ham.
Q. When had you observed that you had a ham lying there? - A. When my husband went out he asked me to put it away about four or five hours before the prisoner came in; the ham weighed about fourteen pounds.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEARNE
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman: On the 27th of February, between nine and ten o'clock, I saw the prisoner and another man come by my box; I knew him; the patrol was with me; I said, we will follow those two men; I saw property in Barrington's lap, I could not tell what; the patrol stopped him, and I asked him what he had got in his lap; he said, some meat; he let the ham fall, and I caught it up; he ran away directly, the patrol followed him, and a soldier stopped him; before he ran away I caught up the ham.
Q. Did you ask him how he got it? - A. He said he had been and bought some meat to take home to be dressed.


                  THOMAS 
                  SELBY
               



             sworn. - I am a patrol belonging to Goswell-street: On the 27th of February, about half past nine o'clock; I was talking to the watchman at his box; the prisoner came by: in consequence of what Hearne said to me, I followed him and stopped him, and asked him what he had about him; he said he had some meat; I asked him where he got it from; he said from his father, and he was going to take it home; the watchman came up, and he caught the meat as it fell out of his lap, and he ran away. I followed him, and a young fellow secured him till I got up. He was never out of my sight.


                  PATRICK 
                  MARTYN
               



             sworn. - I am a soldier in the East London Militia: On Wednesday the 27th of February, as I was coming out of the Cock public-house, the corner of Golden-lane, Old-street, I heard the cry of, stop thief; I ran up and got hold of the prisoner and secured him.


                  JAMES 
                  GEARY
               



             sworn. - I am a constable of St. Luke's; I produce the ham; I had it from the watchman and patrol; they brought it to the watch-house after they brought the prisoner. -
(The ham identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I went into the shop to buy half a pound of butter; I paid for it, and then I asked for four eggs, the shop was full of people, more than that there were two ladies and a woman came in, in the mean time I came out, and I saw a bit of a noise a little further; as I came along I found something; I picked it up like an innocent man; a man came up to me and asked me what I had got; I said, it is not mine, I wish the owner had it; when I went and picked up the ham, the watchman saw me pick it up himself.
Hearne. I saw him throw it out of his lap, and I picked it up.
The prisoner called one witness who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY
            

Of stealing to the value of 4 s. 6 d.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
