





497. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ONSLOW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of April
, fifty pounds, and seven shillings, in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Pray
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Leach
                     



                   and 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Dallimore
                     



.
HENRY PRAY sworn - I am a porter
 at the London Coffee-house


; Mr. Leach and Mr. Dallimore are in partnership; they both live and sleep in the house; I kept my money in my box in the garret; the last time I saw it there was the 15th or 16th of April; I kept it in a bag in the box locked up; on the 20th of April I missed it; I went to fetch some money on the Wednesday, and I found the money gone; the box was locked as usual; I have not seen any of my money since.
Q.How came you to charge the prisoner? - A. He was an apprentice in the house, as cellar-man
; he ran away the same day I lost my money, about one o'clock in the day I missed it; I know nothing about the robbery having been committed; he was brought to the London Coffee-house on the 8th of May; he was taken on the 6th of May, he ran away on the 20th of April; he told my master he had found the key of the box.


                  JOHN 
                  LEACH
               



             sworn. - I and my partner, Mr. Dallimore, live in the house, and pay rent for it; the prisoner is our apprentice; the prosecutor is a porter, a sort of in-doors watchman; he goes to bed at six in the evening, and rises at one in the morning, in order to watch the fires, &c. he said on the 21st, Wednesday, in the morning, that he had lost his money; after this, I sent a man to Hertford, and I went to the prisoner's mother to find him; I had reason to suspect him; I saw him in about a fortnight; he was brought to my house; I took him to the accompting-house, and taxed him with the robbery of the porter; I did not tell him to confess; the conversation began on my part, I challenged him with the robbery; he denied it; hesaid, he had not taken the money, and knew nothing of the fifty pounds which I challenged him with taking; he said, he did not take it; I asked him where he had been; he said, he had been in London; I asked him where; he could not tell me, he gave me no answer; I told him to tell me the truth; he said, he had been to Bristol; I asked him how he went to Bristol; he said, he went in the stage; I asked him where he got the money to go, I knew he had none; he was puzzled, and gave me no answer; he burst out crying, and said he bought new clothes, seventeen pounds worth.
WILLIAM KIMBER sworn. - I am an officer; I took the prisoner on the 6th of May; I went, at the request of the prisoner and Mr. Leach, to a house in Field-lane, an old clothes shop; the prisoner told me he went from the Saracen's Head, on Snow-hill; I asked the man what clothes the prisoner had purchased there; he said, fifteen pounds and a crown; the prisoner answered, Sir, you mistake, I laid out seventeen pounds and a crown; I gave you seventeen guineas, and you gave me no change; the gentleman in the shop said, he would come forward if wanted; the prisoner told me he went to Bristol, and paid a guinea down; I asked him how he could think of going there; he said, he wished to get a ship; he said, he went to the White Lion, at Bristol, and found a woman of the town; that he laid out a great deal of money on her, and finding his money grew short, he sold his watch, and returned to town on the 4th of May; I asked him how he could rob such a poor man as the porter, and he said he was sorry for it.
GUILTY, aged 15.
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
