





737. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     HOYLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of July
 nine frocks, value 5s. two shawls, value 4s. a counterpane, value 3s. and two handkerchiefs, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hutchinson
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  HUTCHINSON
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Hutchinson
               



            ; my husband keeps the Carpenters Arms, Shoreditch




; on the 15th of July I was washing; I left my clothes in a tub in the yard, and on the 16th in the morning I found they were all gone, and in about an hour afterwards the wife of the prisoner sent a man to my house to know where I might find the property; I then went to Old Nicol-street; I got a chair, and looked over a wall, and saw a part of the property hanging in the yard; the officer found the rest of the things, I cannot say where.
Q. Whose house was it you found those things in? - A.
               
                  Bridget 
                  Crow
               



            's; when I first went up to the house the prisoner was standing at the door, and when he saw me he walked away.


                  RICHARD 
                  LILLYWHITE
               



             sworn. - I am an officer (produces the property) I went with Mrs. Hutchinson on the 16th of July to Old Nicol-street; she got a chair, looked over the wall, and saw a part of the property hanging to dry; the prisoner was coming from the house towards me, and I stopped him; he made his escape over the house backwards; I found the property, some in the yard, and some in the cellar; I asked him how he came by them, he said he did not know any thing of them; I asked him where he lodged, and he said he did not lodge any where, and I did not suppose he did, for I met him at three o'clock that morning; he had nothing with him then; he had on this waistcoat, which was quite wet, over the shoulders, the back part. The wife of Crow was to have appeared as an evidence, but she has not appeared.


                  MARY 
                  BONSOR
               



             sworn. - I was going past on the 16th of July, in the morning, at half after seven, the prisoner asked me to go into Mr. Crow's house, he asked me to go into the yard; I went in, and he asked me if there was any thing amongst those things that would suit me; I told him, I could not stop, I would call again at nine o'clock; I did not observe any thing particular, but a child's frock, that I knew belonged to Mrs. Hutchinson, and a counterpane, that he said belonged to Crow.
Q. Are those the things that he shewed you? - A. I took notice of this frock particularly.
Q.Did he shew you any thing else? - A. He shewed me some handkerchiefs, but I cannot tell which they were.
Q. Did he shew you all the goods? - A. No.
Q. There were other goods with them? - A. Yes.
Q. And did not you see them? - A.There was a counterpane and several other things, he told me the thigns were all his, except the counterpane, and that was Crow's; they wer hanging upon a line in the back yard, they looked wet.
Prisoner. That woman is my Lawful wife.
Q. Were you married to the prisoner? - A. Yes, he was tried eight years ago, and was sent abroad.
Q. But you go by the name of Bonsor? - A. I am married again. (The property was identified by Mrs. Hutchinson.)
Prisoner's defence. I could not find this woman for four years, and the man that she lives with, who is her husband, said, he would not live with her, unless she tried to get me out of the Kingdom, it is done out of spite. 

               GUILTY
            , age 27.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
