





43. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  PARTRIDGE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of November
, a bag, value 1s. and two pecks of hemp-seed, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jacob 
                     Wrench
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Jacob-George 
                     Wrench
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wrench
                  



               
            .
JOHN WRENCH sworn. - I am a seedsman


, in partnership with Jacob Wrench and Jacob-
               
                  George 
                  Wrench
               



            ; the prisoner was our carter
: In consequence of information that I received, suspicion fell upon the prisoner; I followed him with his cart as far as Piccadilly, where I saw him deliver his load; after that, I followed him to Rupert-street; he stopped at the further end of Rupert-street, and took out a bag, which bag I saw him take into a public-house there, the White-horse; I had two constables with me, one of whom went to the house likewise, but could not hear any thing that transpired; I then went to Marlborough-street with the constable, and got a search-warrant; we searched the house, the sign of the White-horse, and found three bags, containing seed, one of which he had taken from our house, and which I had marked; upon finding the bags, we took the master of the public-house to Marlborough-street; the Magistrate thought proper that he should be brought into the City, which he was, and lodged in the Compter; the next morning, he was brought before the Lord Mayor with the prisoner, the prisoner being taken up that afternoon, and they were committed.
Q. The other two bags you know nothing of? - A. I should not chuse to swear to them, but I have no doubt they came out of our house; the one that I can swear to, contained hemp-seed; the others were different forts of seeds, and different size bags; we had not missed them; it is impossible to miss them.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. The prisoner told you that the hemp-seed he had bought, and that he had borrowed a bag to convey it? - A. Before the Lord-Mayor, he said he had bought the seed, but I do not recollect his saying he had borrowed the bag.
Q. If he had bought seed, you would not, perhaps, have refused him the use of the bag, to convey it from one place to another? - A. Probably not.


                  FRANCES 
                  LUTFORD
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Wrench: On the 13th of last month, I believe on Thursday, I had occasion to go to a private place, and I saw the prisoner go to the drawer in the warehouse, where my master keeps his empty bags, and he took a bag out, and filled it about half full of seed; he came by the place where I was, with it; I followed him as far as I could, and then I gave information to the foreman, but whether he went into the yard, or into the stable, I cannot say; the passage leads to both.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You know the day he was taken before the Lord Mayor? - A. Yes.
Q. And you went before the Lord Mayor, and told this story? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you? - A. I did; I was sent for.


                  ROBERT 
                  BEVERLEY
               



             sworn. - I am a constable,(produces the property); I was desired to follow the cart, upon suspicion that something had been stolen; I followed the cart to Piccadilly; when the prisoner had unloaded his cart there, he turned back towards the City; in going along Piccadilly, he pulled a bag out of the fore part of the cart, and put it into the body of the cart; he drove from thence to a public-house in Rupert-street, and there he stopped; then we got a search-warrant, went back, searched the house, and found these three bags; one of them has a mark of W upon it; I have had them ever since.
RICHARD TAYLOR sworn. - I am a constable: I was called on the 13th of November to follow the cart; I was with the last witness; I remained in the house while he and Mr. Wrench went to Marlborough-street for the search-warrant, till the cart drove away; the prisoner drove the cart up Compton-street, and through Holborn; he delivered a bag at Sable, Pilbrow, and Stable's, druggifts, in Holborn; I followed him till he got home, and then I took him into custody; the next morning he was examined at the Mansion-house, and committed.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Can you say that the bag found in Rupert-street, was never in that cart? - A. I cannot.
Q. A carman stopping with his cart at a public-house, is no very exrtaordinary thing, is it? - A. No.


                  HENRY 
                  LOVET
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Marlborough-street: On the 13th of November, I went to execute a search-warrant, at the White-horse, in Rupert-street; I found a bag containing hemp-seed up in the landlord's bed-room, with a W. upon it.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. How it came there, you do not know? - A. No.
Mr. Wrench. I marked the bag in the cart.
Mr. Knowlys. You did not see who conveyed that bag into the cart? - A. No.
Court. Q. Can you swear, that the bag you marked in your cart, was your bag? - A.No; I cannot.
Q. Was the bag quite new? - A. No.
Q. Did you give him any orders, or authority, to take a bag that day? - A. No.
Q. Was the bag that was left at the druggist's left by your order? - A. Yes.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence, but called three witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
