





695. 
               
                  ANN 
                  BATEMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of August
, three muslin caps, value 3s. three ounces of cotton, value 1s. 6d. an ounce of thread, value 6d. and ten remnants of cotton, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  Dinah 
                  Brain
               




            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  DINAH 
                  BRAIN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. On the 1st of August I went into the service of Mr. Walrond, in Grosvenor-place


; the prisoner was also in his service till the 28th. On Friday, the 7th, I missed several things, but had no suspicion of the prisoner till the Monday after she was gone away; I saw her in Grosvenor-place, and I went after her to tell her of a letter that was left at our house for her; and, when I came up to her, I observed a shawl handkerchief upon her neck of mine; I acquainted my master with it, and he got a search-warrant; I was not present when the prisoner was searched.
JOHN CREEDLAND sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am one of the officers of Queen-square, Westminster; I went with a search-warrant on the 2d of September to Graston-Mews, Fitzroy-square, to a room over some stables, belonging to a Mrs. Smith, where the prisoner slept; we took her when she came home at night to Bed; I found a number of things there which are the subject of another indictment.
JOHN HOBBS sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. On Thursday, the 3d of September, I went with a search-warrant to Mr. Walrond's house; I found two boxes, the keys of which I had from the prisoner the night before; in the boxes I found the articles mentioned in this indictment. (Produces them.)
Brain. I know these things to be mine; the thread is my own making.
ISAAC BURROWS sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a servant in Mr. Walrond's family; I saw the boxes searched; they belonged to the prisoner at the bar.
Prisoner's defence. I bought them.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
The prisoner was again tried and convicted, but the evidence being the same, excepting that it applied to the articles found in Graston-Mews, it is unnecessary to repeat it.
