






60. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BOWMAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of November
, seventy pounds weight of lead, value 5 s. belonging to 
                     
                        Luke 
                        Wetton
                     




                  , fixed to a dwelling-house
            .
Second Count. Charging it to be fixed to a certain building.


                  ROBERT 
                  BARTON
               



             sworn. - I am a carpenter.
Q. Do you know the house of Mr. Wetton? - A. Yes, at this end of Brentford


.
Q. Did you see any lead put on the house of Wetton? - A. Yes, I put it on myself the beginning of April last.
Q. Did you afterwards see any lead produced to you by any other person? - A. Yes, the 14th of November, at Mr. Wetton's; I fitted it to the house, and it tallied exactly.
Q. Are you certain that is the lead you put on that house? - A. Yes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SIMS
               



             sworn. - On the 9th of November I saw the prisoners at the bar at the end of the town, it was dark; Jones had a basket under his arm.
Q. Did you know the prisoners before? - A. Yes; I suspected they were about no good, and I followed them up Green Dragon-lane; they turned out of the road to the dunghill; Jones took the lead out of the dung, and put it into a bag; Bowman held the bag; I called out, and jumped over the road-way, and secured the prisoners; the lead lay at the foot of Bowman, he rose up from it ashe came up to him; Jones resisted a good deal, Bowman did not; I asked what they had got there; they said they did not know; I have had the lead in my possession ever since; I took it to the house of Wetton, I saw it fitted, and it fitted exactly.
(The lead was produced by the witness, and deposed to by Barton.)
Jones's defence. I know nothing of it.
Bowman's defence. I never had it in my hand.
Bowman, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 47.
Jones, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 40.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
