





686. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     THOMAS
                  , alias 
SMITH




            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of July
, seven muslin shawls, value 1l. 8s. 6d. and a yard of muslin, value 1s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Grant
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  GRANT
               



             sworn. - I am an attorney
; my wife is a worker of muslin shawls, at Hoxton


; the prisoner was a work-woman
 employed in our house; on the 30th of July, we missed several shawls, and several squares of muslin; in consequence of missing them, I got a search-warrant, and went with Ray to her lodgings; she was not there, we found her in the lodgings of another woman, who worked for us, in Badger-court, Shoreditch; they searched her, and found upon her several pawnbroker's duplicates, and some afterwards in a piece of check that was taken out of her pocket.


                  JOHN 
                  RAY
               



             sworn. - (Produces three duplicates;) I took them from the prisoner.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  NEVILLE
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, these are my duplicates, (produces three shawls); I believe I took them in of the prisoner, but am not certain.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  ADDIS
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker in Kingsland-road, (produces a shawl); I cannot recollect who pledged it with me; it was pledged on the 23d of June, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Thomas
               



            .
JAMES WILLIAMSON sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Dexter, Whitechapel-road, (produces three shawls, and a yard of muslin); I cannot say who it was that I took them in of; the prisoner used frequently to come to the shop.
Q. Look at the duplicates produced by Ray, and say if they are your's? - A. They are.(The property was deposed to by Mrs. Grant).
The prisoner did not say any thing in her defence.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
