





131. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MAY, alias 
MATTHEWS





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of January
, a tub, value 6 d. and a peck of oysters, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Noble
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  NOBLE
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 71, Paul-street, Finsbury-square


; I keep an oyster-shop
: On the 9th of January, about half past five o'clock, two officers brought the prisoner into my shop, and a tub of oysters; they told me they saw him take the tub of oysters, and walk out with them; I went to Worship-street at seven o'clock the same evening, and claimed my property; the prisoner was committed.


                  BERNARD 
                  CLEAVE
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: On Monday evening last, about half past five o'clock, me and Ferris were going up Paul-street, I observed the prisoner pass Mr. Noble's shop several times; he reached into the shop, and took off a tub of oysters which stood on a stool in the shop; he then poured the water off before the man's door into the street; he then went round the corner a few yards into Leonard-square; I came up to him, and he was then pouring the remainder of the water from the oysters: Ferris caught hold of him, and then he threw the tub and the oysters down in the street; I picked up the oysters, and put them into the tub, and took them back to Mr. Noble.
- FERRIS sworn. - I was with Cleave, I saw the prisoner and another man walking past Mr. Noble's house several times; they parted, and then the prisoner went and brought out a tub of oysters; he poured the water off facing the gentleman's door; he then walked a few doors further into Leonard-square; I crossed the way, and apprehended him; he dropped the oysters, and Cleave picked them up; we took him and the oysters back to Mr. Noble's, and desired him to come to the Office at seven o'clock.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
