





798. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DONNISON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of October
, a yard and three quarters of printed calico, value 4s. one yard and a quarter of yellow calico, value 2s. four yards of striped linen, value 4s. a yard and a half of bed-ticking, value 4s. one yard and a half of printed calico, value 4s. a yard of other printed calico, value 1s. 6d. a yard of other printed calico, value 2s. 6d. ten yards of printed cotton border, value 1s. 6d. two yards of carpet border, value 1s. two yards of tammy, value 2s and three pieces of Morocco leather, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Snell
                  




               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  RICHARD 
                  OVEY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Cliston. I am a furniture-printer in Tavistick-street; I have supplied Mr. Snell with printed furniture for some time: On the 6th of October, in consequence of information, I went to Mr. Jones's, and there I saw a remnant in his window, a yard and three quarters of a new pattern, of which I had sold four or five pieces to Mr. Snell.
Q. Had you sold any of it to any other person? - A. I had only sold one other piece, which is properly accounted for.
Cross-examined by Mr. Const. Q. Do you mean to swear positively you had sold no more? - A. Yes.
- JONES sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a piece-broker in Wych-street; Mr. Ovey applied to me; I delivered to him some pieces of furniture, which I had bought of a woman.
Mr. Const. Q. You do not know the prisoner? - A. No.


                  THOMAS 
                  CARPMEAL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Cliston. I went with Mr. Snell and Mr.Ovey to the lodgings of the prisoner, where I found these things(producing the property); we took the prisoner with us from Mr. Snell's shop; his wife was at home, and a little child; I found part of the things between the bed and sacking; he confessed that he had taken them.
Q. Were any promises or threats made use of? - A. No; this piece of ticking I found under the bed; it is four yards of striped linen.
Did the prisoner say any thing about the piece found at Jones's? - A. His wife said; in the presence of the prisoner, that she took it to Mr.Jones's


                  WILLIAM 
                  SNELL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am an upholsterer, in Hanover-street, Long-acre; the prisoner was my foreman; I trusted and reposed every thing in him; he had a guinea and a half a week, besides the liberty of making any thing at over hours, which amounted in all, I am sure, to more than a hundred guineas a year; I went to his house, and found these things, which Carpmeal has produced; they are all my property; this piece, found at Jones's, is also mine; I was present in the room when he acknowledged his guilt, and begged for mercy.
Q. Was that a voluntary confession? - A. Yes.
Q. Have you any doubt of these articles being your property? - A. No more than of my own existence.
Q. Did you ever suffer him, or give him authority, to take such articles home? - A. No; he did work for me at over hours, but never such things as these; I had not the smallest suspicion of him till the morning before. 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 38.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr.Justice HEATH.
