





511. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     PRICE
                  , alias 
SIMCOE





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of June
, two gowns, value 9s. two sheets, value 2s. 6d. three table-cloths, value 5s. two shawls, value 2s. a waistcoat, value 1s 6d. a muslin apron, value 1s. and a pillow-case, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Butlin
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUTLIN
               



             sworn. - I keep a coffee-house
 in Smithfield


; I know nothing of the facts.


                  SARAH 
                  BUTLIN
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Butlin
               



            : The prisoner was my servant
, I had dismissed her from my service before I discovered the robbery; after she was gone I missed the property; I inquired after her, and the prisoner's cousin brought me some duplicates, her name is Frances Howe, which led me to discover the property.


                  FRANCES 
                  HOWE
               



             sworn. - The prisoner is my cousin: I learned that Mrs. Butlin had missed some property, and I went to the lodgings of the prisoner to make a discovery of it, and she was not at home.
Q. How do you know they were her lodgings? - A.Mrs. Butlin sent her daughter to shew me the house: On Saturday in the Whitsun-week Mrs. Butlin sent a man with me to frighten her, I do not know whether he was a constable or not.
Mrs. Butlin. He was not a constable, nor is he here.
Howe. We opened the door, and there was Elizabeth Price in the parlour, the front room; she was not at home when I found the property; I asked her if she had got any thing belonging to her mistress; she said, no; this man then said, if you have got nothing of your mistress's you must go with me, and he took her to Mrs. Butlin's; the prisoner did not sleep there, the woman and her husband, who did sleep there, made their escape that same night; there was a little box standing upon the shelf, which the woman of the house said was the prisoner's; I took it, and found eighteen duplicates in it; I delivered them to Mrs. Butlin; I did not take the box away.
Q.(To Mrs. Butlin.) Were you ever at the lodgings of the prisoner? - A. Not where she slept, she used to sleep at a public-house; I went to the house where she sat in the day-time; she had left me about a month.
Q. Did you ever see the prisoner at that house? - A. No.
Mr. Butlin. I have seen her there.


                  JAMES 
                  MINTON
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mrs. Pearson, a pawnbroker, in Fleet-market, (produces two gowns, two petticoats, a sheet, a table-cloth, and a half shawl); one black silk gown I took in of the prisoner at the bar on the 15th of April, I did not take in the other things; I knew her before by her being a customer.


                  JOHN 
                  MERRITT
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker's servant, (produces a sheet, pillow-case, table-cloth, and a shawl); I took in these things of a woman in the name of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Pitt
               



            ; I do not now whether it was the prisoner or not.
JOSEPH LADBROKE sworn. - I am a publican and a constable: I took charge of the prisoner; I received these duplicates from Mrs. Butlin, and also these letters which the prisoner sent me. (Produces them).
Q.(To Mrs. Butlin.) Do you know her handwriting? - A. Not to be able to swear to it.
Q.(To Howe) Do you know the prisoner's hand-writing so well as to be able to swear to it? - A. No.
HENRY-BOLTON WIGLEY sworn. - I am a pawnbroker's servant, (produces a waistcoat, a tablecloth, a muslin apron, and a shawl); I took them in on the 22d of February, from a woman, but I cannot say who it was.
Mrs. Butlin. I know this gown to be mine, I had but lately been out of mourning, and it has been altered for me, and has a new lining.
Prisoner's defence. I have nothing to say.
GUILTY. (Aged 25.)
Of 


               stealing the gown, value 2s. 6d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
