





74. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HURREN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 1st of December
, three fowls, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Bruce
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  BRUCE
               



            . I live at Holloway


; I am a labouring man
.
Q. When did you lose your fowls - A. On Thursday, between four and five in the morning. I built up a shed close to my house, I lost them from there; I lost two hens and a cock. I heard the cock crow about four o'clock, presently after the cock ceased I heard a hen cry; I got out of bed, naked as I was, and went to the place, he pulled the door to with a string. I immediately pulled the door open and dragged him out by the collar; I called to my wife to bring my shoes; she brought my shoes; I desired her to call up a neighbour to assist while I put on my clothes; after I put my clothes on I took him to Islington watchhouse. I never lost sight of him. He had killed the whole of them; the cock and one hen he had put in the bag; I did not give him time to put the other in.
- . I am a constable. The prisoner was brought to me. I took him to the office.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been in the country the day before looking for work. I was very late and foot sore; seeing this shed, and being very much in liquor, and the door being open, I went in; there was a string to the door, I pulled it to keep myself as warm as I coold; this man pulled me out and took me to a dwelling house in the dark, and his neighbour came to his assistance; and as to the bag, I had no bag with me; from thence he took me to the watchhouse.
Prosecutor. I went back after I took him into the house, I asked him if he had killed them all; he said no; I asked if he had killed the cock; he said no; I would not have done nothing to him if he had not killed them.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
