





651. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     Mc. KENZIE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of August
, two promissory notes, value 1 l. each, nine bank notes for the payment of five pound each, and a two pound bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Fitzpatrick
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  FITZPATRICK
               



            . I was invalided last month out of the royal navy
.
Q. What is the prisoner - A. A woman of the town. On the 25th of last month, when I came from Portsmouth, I saw her at the Three Crowns, upper East Smithfield; she spoke to me and I went to her lodging; before we went to her lodgings we went to the Ship in Distress; I called for half a pint of gin there; I drank one glass only, and she drank one glass of it.
Q. Were your sober - A. I was as sober as I am now; I had my money that I was paid off at Portsmouth; the notes were rolled up in this handkerchief, and the handkerchief was round my waist, and tied behind me; I went home to her lodgings in upper East Smithfield; she said she was in distress and she had no bed; I took the handkerchief off and gave her a Portsmouth one pound note.
Q. How much did your handkerchief contain - A. Nine five pound bank notes, two Portsmouth one pound notes, and a Plymouth note for two pound; when I gave her the Portsmouth one pound note, I told her to buy a bed; and after the gin was drank I went to her lodgings; I sat down in the chair and we talked together for five minutes, she took my handkerchief off; I did not think she had any bad design, I thought it was kindness; she turned her back to me and took all the notes, and heaved the handkerchief into my hat; she went down stairs; I called after her and asked her where she was going; she said she would be back directly; I waited for about three minutes, I observed my handkerchief in my hat, and the notes were gone; I run down stairs and went to the Three Crowns and the other public house; I could not find her; I got an officer, and we met her in the street the next morning and took her into custody.
Q. Did you ever find any part of your notes - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Curwood. Did not you make up a hasty marriage with her, and did not you propose to find money to furnish a room and live with her - A. I did not do any such thing.


                  ROBERT 
                  COOMBS
               



            . On the 26th of August the prosecutor applied to me, I went with him into East Smithfield, I saw her coming along. I took her in custody. I searched her and found nothing; I took her to the Three Crowns, the landlord had a five pound note that he had left with him in the morning; the girl said he had given her a ten pound note; and afterwards she said he had given her a five pound note; she told me she know where the country notes were but she would not tell me; she said he had given her the bank notes; she had no gown on then, she has been new rigged out since.
Prosecutor. I had ten five pound notes. I left one with the publican; I then had nine five pound notes, a two pound note; and one of the one pound notes I gave her.


                  ESTHER 
                  RICE
               



            . - Mr. Curwood. I live at No. 33, East Smithfield.
Q. Do you recollect on this day the prisoner and the prosecutor meeting - A. Yes, the prisoner was at Mr. Taylor's door, the prosecutor came up to her, he gave her a pear, she asked him where he was going; he said he did not know; they went together to the Ship in Distress; I saw them sitting there and a young woman with them; they went out and went to the woman's lodgings; they came back to Mrs. Bourben's; he asked her if a five pound note would be of any use to her; yes, she said, if he would give it her; he gave her three one pound notes; he said buy yourself some things with it; she went four doors off and bought a bed, and the broker came with her to put the bed in the room. At the next public house he said have you got money enough to buy the things, she said no; he untied the handkerchief and gave her a five pound note; she said do you give me this, do not say I took it away afterwards.
COURT. So you saw him give her three one pound notes - A. Yes; one was a Portsmouth note and one was a Gosport note; and the other was a bank of England note.
Q. What is your way of life - A. I live with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Taylor
               



            , a blacksmith; his wife is in the country.
Q. The prisoner is a poor unfortunate woman of the town - A. I believe she is.
Q. You know so - A. Yes, she is.


                  SARAH 
                  BOURBEN
               



             - Mr. Curwood. Where do you live - A. In East Smithfield; I was standing at my own door, the prosecutor gave three notes to the prisoner, I do not know the value of them; he asked her if five pounds would do; she smiled in his face and said it he would give it to her, he untied his handkerchief andgave her three notes, for what I cannot say. This was on the 25th of August.
- GOLDSMITH. Q. What are you - A. I am a slopseller, No. 81, Parsons street, Ratcliffe Highway. On the 25th of August, between one and two o'clock in the day, the prosecutor asked me if I could furnish him with some second hand blankets, and he said they wanted sheets; I had no more than one; the prosecutor said never mind, we must make one do; after they bought them the prisoner gave me a country one pound note; I refused it; he then gave me a one pound bank note.
Prosecutor. I remember this shop very well: she had no more than a pound and one shilling, it was a Portsmouth note. I went there before I went to the Ship in Distress; when I left this shop I went to the Ship in Distress, there I gave her a two pound note; the woman that came here first bears an extraordinary bad character, and by all accounts she has deposited this money in that woman's hands.
The prisoner left her defence to her counsel.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
