





12. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BOOTE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of November
, six guineas and seven shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Jollisaint
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  JOLLISAINT
               



             sworn. - I am a wine-merchant
, and live in Suffolk-street, Charing-cross: On the 7th of November, as I was coming down the Haymarket, I saw three or four women; the prisoner run after me, and took me by the coat, and pushed me up James-street


, and said she wanted to speak to me; she wanted me to go home with her; when she found I would not, she lifted up her petticoats, and held me as fast as she could, and began to feel my pockets; I held my hands upon my breeches pockets; she put one arm round me, and I was afraid she would take my pocket-book, so I buttoned my coat; she then put her hands into each of my breeches pockets as hard as she could, and took six guineas out of one, and seven shillings out of the other; I seized her hand with the money, and said, she had robbed me; I called, watch; the called out, sister, to a woman, and gave her my money; I took hold of the other woman, and kept her also, and gave her in charge. Going through a court, the woman who received the money, let her patten fall, and called for another woman, by the name of sister, for the key to go into her room; the woman came, and, instead of giving her the key, she gave her the money; I seized her hand, and it fell on the ground; I picked up two guineas, and the watchman one; we went to the watch house, and the prisoner put some silver on the table, which she said she had before she met me; I am sure she is the same woman.


                  JAMES 
                  BAILEY
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman, and heard somebody call watch; I went up, the prosecutor had hold of two girls; I took the girl from his left-hand, and sprung the rattle; another came up, and took the prisoner. Going through Orange-court, a great many people got round, and the woman I had hold of called for her sister to take the key and her pattens out of her hand; in holding out her left-hand, she dropped the key, pattens, and some gold; three guineas were picked up; we then took them to the watch-house, and the prosecutor gave charge of the prisoner; the other woman was discharged.
(- Smith, the other watchman, confirmed the testimony of Bailey.)
Prisoner's defence. I heard a noise, and saw the gentleman with a girl having some words; I went to see what was the matter; he then laid hold of me, and said, I was the girl; I said, I would go any where, and went very quietly to the watch-house.



               GUILTY
            . aged 22.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
