





272. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RUFF
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of February
, a silk purse, value 4s. a guinea, a half-guinea, one seven-shilling piece, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Christiana 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , widow
; and one Bank-note, value 1l.
             the property of the said 
               
                  Christiana 
                  Jones
               



            .


                  CHRISTIANA 
                  JONES
               



             sworn. - I am a widow; I live at Deptford, in Kent: On Tuesday, the 1st of this month, about eleven o'clock, I got out of the Deptford coach, at the corner of Lombard-street


; I paid the coachman, and was putting mypurse into my left-hand pocket, I felt it drawn from me, I turned round that instant, and saw the prisoner with it in his hand; I laid hold of his arm, and exclaimed, this man has got my purse, a gentleman, of the name of Dawson, crossed the way, and laid hold of his arm; the prisoner had got a guinea and a half out of it, it was a silk purse, he undrew it pulling it out of my hand, the seven-shilling-piece and Bank-note remained in the purse; I got my purse again from the witness, he was stopped, and a constable came up that instant.
THOMAS-WILLIAM DAWSON sworn. - I am shopman to Messrs. Dawson and Bryants, Cheapside; I was crossing the way to Lombard-street, on the 1st of February, I heard the lady say, this man has got my purse, I immediately looked round, and saw the prisoner with the purse in his hand, I took him by the collar; in giving the purse to Mrs. Jones, a guinea rolled out of it, and it ran on the ground before him, as he was going away, the prisoner took it up.
Q.Do you know any thing of a half-guinea? - A. I did not see a half-guinea; I took him again, and told him he had got the guinea, he denied it positively; I still kept hold of him with a great deal to do, he gave me the guinea out of his mouth, I returned it and the purse to Mrs. Jones.
Mrs. Jones. The half-guinea, I suppose, was dropped, I never found it, I am sure it was in my purse at nine o'clock, I had not used my purse afterwards.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOOD
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, I saw something of a stir the corner of Lombard-street; I crossed the way, and the last witness had hold of the prisoner, he asked if I was an officer, I said, yes; the prisoner wanted to evade being taken, but I kept hold of him, and took him to the Compter; I found upon him nine penny-pieces, and a knife.
Prisoners defence. Going along the street, I found this purse, I heard the lady call out, I have lost my purse, and I immediately gave it into her hand; I saw a guinea roll along the ground, I took it up, and gave it her immediately.



               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
