





117. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     WELLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 8th of December
, thirteen engraved copper plates, value 10 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Girtin
                  




               
            .
The case stated by Mr. Alley.


                  JOHN 
                  GIRTIN
               



            . Q. What are you. - A. I am an engaver and printer
.
Q. On the day of the indictment, did you employ your boy to bring some copper plates from the City to your house. - A. Yes, to No. 8, Charles-street, Middlesex hospital; it was on the 8th of December.


                  JOHN 
                  BANYARD
               



            . Q. Are you errand boy to the prosecutor. - A. I am. On the 8th of December, I went in the city to get some plates to carry to my master's house; I got thirteen plates in the City, about six o'clock in the evening; when I got into Holborn, just by Red Lion-street, the prisoner asked me which was Oxford-road; I told him I was going to Oxford-road, I would shew him; he asked me to let him carry the plates; I delivered them to him; as soon as we got a little way up Holborn, I asked him where the plates were; he said he had got them under his coat; I asked him to give them to me, he said he would not, he would carry them a little farther for me; when I came to Southampton-street, I told him I was going up that way; he said, so am I; as soon as we got up a few doors in Southampton-street


, he said, there are your plates, he fell down then he got up and ran away.
Q. Were your plates on the ground. - A. No; I cried stop thief, he was pursued and taken by Mr. Carpmeal; I never lost sight of him from the time he stumbled till the time he was taken; I was close to his heels. There was no plates found on him. There was a man walking close by the side of the prisoner as we were going up Holborn; I lost sight of that man.
Q. Had you an opportunity of seeing whether the prisoner gave the plates to any body. - A. No, the plates have never been found.
Court. When you gave him the plates how did he carry them. - A. Under his arm. I missed them from under his arm; then he said he had got them under his coat.
Q. Have you any doubt the prisoner at the bar isthe man. - A. I am sure he is the man.
JAMES CARPMEAL. Q. In consequence of hearing the cry of Stop Thief, did you apprehend the prisoner. A. I assisted; he was running; I apprehended him two doors from Little Queen-street, Holborn; the boy was close to his heels. There was nothing found upon him but three pair of upper leathers, belonging to some shoemaker.


                  THOMAS 
                  FOSSIT
               



            . Q. Did you assist in stopping the prisoner. - A. I stopped him; the boy was close to his heels.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel; called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
