





700. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SCOTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of October
, twenty three pounds weight of beef, value 16 s. and two fowls, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Payne
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I live at Furnival's cellar and chop house. On the 12th of October, a little before eleven at night, I heard a call out of stop thief; I immediately ran up stairs; finding one door open on the stairs, that had no lock, and the other door which had a lock and chain round it broken and open also, on looking in I missed a rump of beef and two fowls; I immediately crossed the way, hearing a noise, towards Dyer's buildings; I met the prisoner in the possession of a gentleman, I immediately catched hold of the prisoner also, and brought him back to the foot of my stairs; the prisoner cried out I am not the man; presently the gentleman said you are the man, and you have broken my mouth, see whether he has not got something about him; I called my boy to see whether there was any fowl down on the ground; I looked and saw no fowl on the ground; that minute a fowl was picked up just by the prisoner's feet by the witness who catched theprisoner, and he hit him across the face with it; I immediately got the watchman and gave him in charge; I asked the witness to stop with him while I went down to get my hat; I walked slowly down behind them; I was about twenty yards from the watchhouse door when they let the prisoner go, I heard a voice say stop thief by two or three; I immediately ran into the road to see which way he had taken, he ran by me up Holborn, I turned and ran after him, he turned up Hatton Garden; I made a spring and hit him on the head with my fist, he tumbled; the watchman was running down, hearing the rattle spring; he tumbled over him, knocked me down; as I fell I turned round on my side and catched hold of the prisoner's leg till the watchman got up; we took him in custody again to the watchhouse.
Q. Are you sure it is the same man that you saw at your cellar - A. Yes.
Q. Are you sure the minute before you looked and saw no fowl at all - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gleed. You had not seen this man down in the cellar at all - A. No.
Q. Had you been out this day - A. I had been to market. I always take the meat out myself upon all occasion, except I am out, then I cut steaks and leave in the lobby till I am at home. I had seen the beef five minutes before.
Q. At the time the man was brought back was there a number of persons about him - A. There was one of one side of him and one of the other.
Q. Therefore from which the fowl dropped you cannot tell - A. My witness will tell.
Q. This man, when he was before the magistrate was sent on board the tender, yet you have preferred your indictment - A. Yes.


                  GEORGE 
                  GROVE
               



            . I am a watchmaker. I was coming down Holborn about a quarter before eleven on the 12th of October, I perceived six or seven, or more, men in a cluster, they were a little divided; I paused for a little while whether I should go on, thinking I was beset; I perceived a man go down the steps and put his hand into the larder, he took two fowls up by the two legs extremely leisurely and participated into the street rather sneakingly.
Q. What did he do with the beef - A. There were enough to take the beef, the beef was gone before. He took the fowls rather sneakingly and went into the street; when I advanced forward and asked him what he and with the man's fowls; he made no answer but run; his partner made a blow at me and cut me here; when I turned round after the man I returned the compliment; I ran after the prisoner, he took across Holborn and up Dyer's buildings; he returned back, there being no avenue up the buildings; on seeing him return down again I made a stop; at that moment as he was just at the point of my fingers I felt a violent blow from another man whom I did not see till the moment, which brought me to the ground; at that time there were several people assembled and he was got just round the corner of the court.
Q. Are you sure this is the same man - A. I am positive, I had sufficient view of him through the side of the larder; I took him across the way with the assistance of a person, I was met by the person who gave his evidence last.
Q. You went to the cellar with him - A. I did, and there I picked up a fowl from between his legs, which I judged he had dropped: he had thrown a fowl prior to that at me.
Q.You did not see him drop it - A. No, I felt something by my feet.
Q. You did not drop it - A. No.
Q. He had thrown one fowl at you - A. Yes; that was at my first start before he was got to the watch-house: there was a set of them who made the watchman fall, who rescued him; the man that particularly rescued him, I took, and had the watchmen done their duty more of them would have been taken. One of the watchmen on seeing me so bloody, said, I had enough of it, he had no notion of being cut.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gleed. It was in the night time when you was coming down Holborn; you saw several persons - A. Yes; they were all ragamuffins like himself.
Q. Then when the man went down stairs his back was towards you - A, No; he went down as crabs walk, side ways; if he had tried to make his face conspicuous he could not have done it more, the light shined fully upon it.
COURT. What became of the fowl - A. After I had picked it up I gave it to the prosecutor.
Prosecutor. It was one of my own fowls; I took it before the lord mayor at the mansion house; I am sure it was my own, it was my own trussing.
Prisoner's Defence. On the evening that I am charged with the robbery I had been in Chancery lane spending the evening with a few friends; I passed through Chancery lane into Dyer's buildings, and when I came to the end of Dyer's buildings the gentleman dragged me over the way; that gentleman swore that I was the person and that he saw me at the larder; I told him he was wrong; when the watchman had got me in his possession, his mouth was bleeding, and several people said at the watchhouse I was not the person and they pushed me away.



               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
