





70. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of November
, a steel square, value i5. three pieces of iron bar, value i5. a pair of compasses, value 4d. elven screws and nuts, value 6d. a poker, value 6d. a pair of tongs, value i5. thirteen files, value 5s. an iron leaver, value 4d. a pair of hand vices, value i5. 2d. a pair of steel stocks, value 2s. four steel burnishers, value 3s. a pair of stove cheeks, value 1s.. a hammer, value 6d. a pair of steel dies, value 6d. six steel taps, value 1s. six punches, value 6d. a pair of nippers, value 6d. a pair of plyers, value 6d. three screw drivers, value 1s, ten pieces of iron wire, value 1s. thirty pounds weight of iron, value 2s. and thirty pounds weight of steel, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Bound
               



             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Clarkson
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOUND
               



             sworn. - I am a smith and iron-founder

; John Clarkson is my partner; the prisoner was in my service about two years; On the 8th of November, about nine o'clock, as the men were going to breakfast, I had information that he had some of my property concealed about him; I waited in the accompting-house, and when I saw the prisoner going out, I called to him twice; the second time he came back; I told him I suspected he had some of my property about him, and that he had been robbing me; he said he had not; I insisted upon searching him, and the constable I had provided, and myself, felt in his pocket, and found the articles in this paper, (producing it), a pair of compasses, three pieces of iron, and some nuts and screws; a steel square I found concealed in his breeches; I cannot speak to these positively, but I suppose them to be my property; we found in his lodgings the other articles; this poker is mine, and these tongs; they were made up on purpose for the use of the shop; this file I know, because it has my own private mark upon it. (Produces them).


                  RICHARD 
                  PEARSON
               



             sworn. - I have worked for Mr. Bound for about ten years; this hand-vice is Mr. Bound's; I know it by having frequently used it; and these stocks also. (Produces them).


                  GEORGE 
                  TRUSLER
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: I found the articles in the prisoner's lodgings.
Prisoner's defence. Those tools I bought of a man named John Powell; he died about four years ago.(The property was deposed to by the prosecutor).



               GUILTY
            , aged 26. - 


               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
