





265. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     HAWKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of February
, a Bible, value 1 l. a gold ring, value 12 s. a bed-quilt, value 4 s. a petticoat, value 1 s. a velvet cap, value 1 s. a pair of stockings, value 6 d two blankets, value 4 s. two aprons, value 9 d. two gowns, value 2 s. one handkerchief, value 4 d. four frocks, value 2 s. four shirts, value 6 s. and six caps, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     King
                  




               
            , widow
.
ELIZABETH KING sworn. - I am a widow-woman, I go out washing
 and charing
; the prisoner was a servant
 out of place when she lodged with me, she laid in the same room with me; I missed my key while I was out at work; I asked her about it, and she said that she knew nothing at all about it; the first thing that I missed was my Bible and my ring.
Q. What kind of a Bible is it? - A. It is written by the Rev. Dr. Wright; I found my ring, and five other articles; I found my Bible pawned in her own name, at Mr. Curtis's, for twelve shillings.
Q. You have not found all the articles? - A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I am shopman to Mr. Spinkes, No. 2, Gracechurch-street; I produce five articles, exclusive of the Bible and ring, pawned by the prisoner at the bar.
THOMAS-
               
                  FRANCIS 
                  BAILEY
               



             sworn. - I am a constable of Bishopsgate; the prosecutrix came to me, and informed me that she had been robbed; she said the prisoner lived at Cole's coffee-house, Ball-alley, Cornhill, she was a servant there; I took her into custody; I went to the pawnbroker's, and he produced the Bible and the ring; he said he would have nothing to do with the prosecution; I produce the Bible and the ring. (The property identified by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's defence. I lodged along with Mrs. King a month the first time; I went away from her into place, and was there about a fortnight; I came away from that place, and went to Mrs. King's again; she said a great many times she would have this chest opened; I never saw the key but once; she had several people in the house besides me. After I was gone to the coffee-house in Cornhill, she had it broke open, and she came to me, and said I had robbed her of these things; she knows that she sent me with them herself to pledge.
Q.(To the prosecutrix.) Did you ever send the woman to pawn these things? - A. Only a frock of my child's for one shilling.
Q. Did you ever send her with any of this property? - A. I never did; I never missed them till I got a whitesmith to open my chest, and the first thing I missed was my ring.



               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
