






138. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     COX
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 15th of December
, a half tub, value 6 d. fifty-six pounds weight of raisins, value 30 s. and three sticks of Spanish liquorice, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Wilson
                  




               
            .
JAMES WILSON. I am a grocer
 in Brick-lane


. On the 15th of December, between five and six, I was in the parlour, and on hearing something fall I came out, I ran into the street, I found the prisoners in the custody of two officers, they were brought to the shop; I found I had lost a tub of raisins and three sticks of Spanish juice.


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



            . I am a patrol belonging to Bow-street, attached to Worship-street office. On Tuesday evening the 15th of December, Valentine and I were going down Brick-lane, Spitalfields; we saw the two prisoners at the bar, Cox went into Mr. Wilson's shop, he put his hand to a shelf that was at the window; he took something off that shelf, but what I did not know; Cox went in again. Evans and Cox were close together, Evans went in after him; Evans had got an apron on, in that apron he had got that half tub of raisins. Valentine caught hold of him and threw him down in the street in the mud; I took hold of Cox; we took them back into the shop and secured them; we went and picked up the plums in the street.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  VALENTINE
               



            . Q. You are a patrol likewise. - A. Yes, I was in company with Gleed. On the 15th of December last as we were going down Brick-lane, Spitalfields, I saw Cox go in Mr. Wilson's shop, and snatch something out of the window; he came out to Evans, and they both went into the shop again; I saw them both come out, Evans had something in his apron, they both crossed the road; I took Evans by the collar, I asked him what he was carrying off; he immediately threw down this tub of raisins; I took him and the tub into Mr. Wilson's shop I asked Mr. Wilson if he had lost any thing; he said he had, a half tub of raision; he said this was the tub, and he had lost three sticks of Spanish juice. Just by were I took Evans these three sticks of Spanish liquorice laid in the mud.
(The property produced and identified.)
Evans's Defence. When first we were taken in the shop, they asked Mr. Wilson if he had lost any thing; he said he did not know that he had; then when he searched his shop he said half a tub of raisins and nothing else; they took me in custody, I told them where I belonged to. That gentleman in the white coat said I had been to school with him; I said I had been to sea for three or four years I did not know him.
Cox's Defence. I was going along the street to see for work, and I was going from there home to my father; I had not been out before for above half a year.
Cox called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Evans called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.
EVANS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
COX, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 16.





               Confined Six Months in the House of Correction
            , and 



               fined One Shilling
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
