





10. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of November
, a tablecloth, value 10s, a napkin, value 1s. six silver table-spoons, value 3l. three silver desert-spoons, value 6s. and eight silver prong forks, value 12s. the property of 
                     
                        James-Murray 
                        Hadden
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
THOMAS CUMMINGS sworn. - I am footman to Col. James-Murray Hadden, in Cleveland-street, St. James's


.
Q. Had you the care of the plate? - A. Yes, it was kept in my bed-room, except the plate in use, which was kept in the closet in the dining-room; I missed all the articles mentioned in the indictment from the closet (repeats them); I had taken away one spoon about five minutes before they were missing; I missed them between nine and ten o'clock in the morning of Friday, the 6th of November.
THOMAS WILSON sworn. - I am coachman to Col. Hadden: On the 6th of November last I saw the prisoner at the bar in the dining-parlour of my master's house; the street-door was open; I was coming up stairs from the kitchen, and saw him coming out with something before him; I called up Cummings, and he missed these things; I then went after the prisoner, and caught him in Pall-Mall; I found this napkin and table-cloth upon him, tied in this dirty apron, (produces them); he dropped them as soon as I laid hold of him; the person that picked them up is here; his name is 
               
                  Edward 
                  Cork
               



            .
EDWARD CORK sworn. - I was coming through Pall-Mall, and saw the last witness in pursuit of the prisoner, he was walking gently on; I saw him lay hold of the prisoner, and he immediately threw an apron, table-cloth, and napkin, behind him; I immediately picked them up; I went back with the prisoner and Wilson to Mr. Hadden's.
Q. You saw nothing of any knives and forks, or spoons? - A. No.

Q. 
            (To Wilson). When you were pursuing this man, did you see any thing of the knives and forks, or spoons? - A. No, we have never found them since.
Cummings. I know this napkin and table-cloth perfectly well by the mark and the number, they had been used that very day; they are my master's property.
Prisoner's defence. They took me up by the Prince of Wales's, and brought me here, that is all I know about it. 


               GUILTY, aged 38. Of stealing goods, value 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
