





7. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of November
, a pelice, value 12 s. and a silk cloak, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Dale
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  DALE
               



             sworn. - I live with Sir 
               
                  Francis 
                  Vincent
               



             as house-keeper
, at No. 17, Charlotte-street, Bloomsbury


: I missed my pelice, and cloak, on the 23d of November, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning.


                  JOHN 
                  CUMMINS
               



             sworn. - On the 23d of November, I was going along Charlotte-street, between ten and eleven o'clock, and saw the prisoner stooping and peeping through the palisadoes of No. 17, I went on, and looking round I missed him; I went back past the house, and saw him under the arch-way of the area-door, peeping in, and make a slip back, as if he saw something he was afraid of; he then went in, and came out again, and came up; I went on to Plumsted-street, where I met Lee, an officer, and told him there was a suspicious man; he went back, and saw the prisoner come up the stairs, I laid hold of him, and saw the pelice hanging out of his bosom; the officer then came up, and we took him to Bow-street. (The things produced and identified.)
(Lee, the officer, confirmed the testimony of the last witness.)
Prisoner. Q. Do you remember seeing me a minute before? - A. I remember seeing you come out of the area, and thought you were one of the servants at first, till I observed your bulk, and you began to run.
Q. What did I say? - A. Nothing.
Q. Did I not say, Lord have mercy on me? - A. No.
Prisoner's defence. I was born in the city of Frankfort, in High Germany, and have been in England above ten years; I have lived in Birmingham, and came to London for a pass to go home to my mother; going along to the Imperial Ambassador's, I met Cummins with those things in his hand, and he asked me if I would buy them; I said I was no such person, being a watch screw maker, and finisher; he held them up before me for half a minute, till Lee came and took me. When I was in the New Prison, a young woman came to see her husband, and said she lived at Cummins's, who had heard him say he had catched a nice green horn; I questioned her about it, and she promised to come in my behalf, and tell what he said; but as her husband is in confinement, and she has three or fourchildren, she is afraid of being turned out, I suppose, as she is not come.
Court. (To Cummins.) Q. Is any part of that true? - A. Not one part of it; I have no tenant in confinement, or any thing like it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
