






277. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  DAVIS
               




             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DUNN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Johnson
                        




                     
                  , on the 25th of January
, about two in the night, and stealing three bridles, value 10s. three halters, value 1s. one pair of back bands, value 5s. two strap irons and leathers, value 2s. two pair of chaise harness and tugs, value 8s. two iron back pins, value 2s. three ferrets, value 3s. an iron lock, value 6d. seven chains, value 18d. a pair of snuffers, value 1d. a pair of spurs, value 6d. five hens, value 5s. a cock, value 1s. and a basket, value 1d.
             the property of the said 
               
                  John 
                  Johnson
               



            .
JOHN JOHNSON sworn. - I am a house-keeper, at St. Matthew's, Bethnal-green


, I let out carts; my stable and accompting-house were broke open, they are facing the dwelling-house, it is all inclosed in a yard, nobody has access to it but me: On the 26th of January, about five o'clock in the morning, my man called me, and told me he had caught a thief in the yard, I got up and went down, he had him in the stable.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KINGSLAND
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Johnson, I live opposite the gates; coming out of my house, I heard chains, and the backbands rattle in the yard, it was as dark as it could be, I had a lantern; going to the stable about five o'clock, as near as could be, I asked who was there, two or three times, and received no answer; I was going to Stratford, for my master, and thought he had sent somebody else; I went round to the stable, and saw the accompting-house broke open; going into the stable, I found the back stable door broke open, I went into the yard, and heard the chains gingle still; I followed the found of the chains, and by the lantern, I had a glimpse of two men; I asked Davis what he wanted there, he asked who I was, and what I wanted, and said, if I came any further, I was a dead man, he would run me through; I took up a stone, and threw it at him, and hit him on his bank; I believe I took him with the iron back bands, the other got away; I called my master up, and he desired I would take him away to the watch-house, when I came to the watch-house, the watchman was gone; I called Griffiths the officer up, and delivered him to him; they had undone the gates to get at the wicket, which was latched, they came over the wall, or some place to unbolt the gates; Davis said, they were going to sell the things to a lusty woman in Cabell-street; Griffiths and I went there, and took the other prisoner with the fowls and other things upon him.
Q.(To Johnson.) How was your place broke open? - A. I don't know, only undoing the latches.
Q.How did they get into the yard? - A.Through the gates, they were all open, as my man told me; the desk in the accompting-house, which was locked, was broke open.
Q.Who was last in the yard that night? - A. I cannot tell, sometimes one, and sometimes another of the men are last.
Kingsland. I was the last that fastened the gates; I went with the team, I fastened the stable, I bolted the gates, and went out at the little front gate, about eight or nine o'clock.
Q. Are you sure no one went in afterwards? - A. That I cannot say.
Q.How could they unbolt the gates? - A. They They got over the wall, I suppose; the back gates come to the back part, and the front gates into the fore part.
Q. Are your fellow-servants here? - A.No.

Q.Might not they come in after that? - A. No, I always see them out.
Q.(To Johnson.) Suppose I was to come to your house, I could come in at that gate? - A. Not without ringing, unless you know how to open the gate.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. - I am an officer, I had the things delivered to me, iron back-bands, and different things I don't know the name of, this was between six and seven o'clock in the morning, I was called out of bed; after that, I left Davis with Kingsland, and went after the other prisoner to a house in Rosemary-lane, to Fishwick's, an iron shop, there we found five hens and a cock, dead, and a number of things; Dunn was there; I asked him, if he had sold these things to Fishwick, he said, no; I asked him what time they broke open this place, he said, about two o'clock; that he was concerned with others; he came away with these things, and they were to come to him, but he had not seen them; I found different things in Dunn's pocket, Mr. Johnson's property.
EDWARD SMITH sworn. - I have three bridles, three white leather halters, a martindale, a pair of back straps, and some reins, two pair of harness, with tugs to them; he said, he had not sold them, the others were to come and fell them.
Mr. Johnson. I can swear to all the things, except the back-bands, those I have not so much to do with, they are in the hands of my servants; these papers are mine, they were in my desk.
Kingsland. The back-bands are under my care, they are Mr. Johnson's property.
Davis's defence. He charges me with taking these back-bands, I had not them, they were in the field.
Kingsland. I took him with them on his shoulder.
Dunn did not say any thing in his defence.
Davis, GUILTY, aged 39.
Dunn, GUILTY, aged 38.
Of 


               stealing the things, but not of the burglary
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
