





265. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ASHTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of February
, a pair of pantaloons, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Macdonald
                  




               
            .


                  DAVID 
                  MACDONALD
               



            , sen. sworn. - I am a tailor
, and live at No. 6, Bateman's-buildings Soho: On the evening of Shrove-Tuesday, I lost a pair of pantaloons between three and four o'clock in the afternoon; I sent my son out with them to a customer in Ironmonger-lane.
Q. What age is your son? - A. Between eleven and twelve; I never saw them after; they were kerseymere pantaloons.


                  DAVID 
                  MACDONALD
               



            , jun. sworn. - I am the son of the other witness: On Shrove-Tuesday, my father sent me with a pair of pantaloons to Ironmonger-lane; I set out from Bateman's-buildings with them between two and three o'clock; the prisoner at the bar met me just beyond Clare-market; I had them in a silk handkerchief; he asked me what trade I was; I told him, a tailor; he said, so was he, I did not know him before. He asked me where I was going; I told him, to Ironmonger-lane; he told me he was going to Mr. Payne's a tailor, in Bream's-buildings, Chancery-lane; he told me that he lived with Mr. Payne, as an apprentice, and he had run away, because he had not used him well, and he had left his things there, and when I got to Bream's-buildings, he shewed me the house, and Payne was on a brass plate on the door.
Q. How came you to Bream's-buildings - was it in your way to Ironmonger-lane? - A. It was the nearest way; he said he would not mind giving any body a shilling to knock at the door, because he wanted to see the maid, but did not want to see his master, as they had had a fall out; he asked me to knock at the door, and told me to put my bundle under my coat, for fear they should think it was something coming to Mr. Payne, because he was a tailor.
Q. Did you put your bundle under your coat? - A. Yes: then he said, you had better give it to this boy; I had met a boy at the top of Bream's-buildings


, just by Mr. Payne's; the prisoner spoke to that boy just before he got to Mr. Payne's. He said to the boy, Jack, how is your mistress? there was a woman just gone into Mr. Payne's, the door was not shut; the prisoner took hold of the bundle; I saw the door going to shut, I run up, and knocked at the door, and told the maid; he run off immediately.
Q. What became of the boy? - A. He was almost a man; he ran with him up Bream's-buildings.
Q. Did you pursue them? - A. Yes, I gave an alarm, but I never saw him again that day: On Saturday three weeks, as I was going to Mr. Mills's, the scowerer, he crossed the way, and went into Crown-court; I then went up to him, and caught him by the coat, and asked him where my bundle was; he told me that he would put me in the watch-house if I said so again.
Q. He did not say what bundle, did he? - A. No; he said, you come there to my uncle's, there it is; he pointed to some house in the court, and said, there it is, and when I came there, he said it was only a little further. He got me on so till he came to Leicester-fields; I said, where does your uncle live; he said, in Sloane-street, down here; I caught hold of his coat, and said he should go no farther; then he knocked me down; a gentleman came up, and he ran down there by Orange-street; I got up, and ran after him, and he was caught just by the King's Mews.
Q. Had you given any alarm? - A. Yes; andthe gentleman that saw him knock me down, ran after him, and caught him.
Q. Are you sure that the prisoner is the person who knocked you down? - A. I am sure he is.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Had you ever seen this lad before? - A. Not that I know of.
Q. Do you mean to swear positively to his person? - A. Yes, I am sure the prisoner is the person.
Prisoner's defence. I never saw that boy before in my life till this day he happened to meet me.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
