





269. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HARDY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of March
, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Northwood
                        




                     
                  , thirty seven guineas, forty one half guineas, sixty seven shilling pieces, twenty two dollars, a crown piece, one hundred and thirteen half crowns, seventy nine shillings, thirty nine sixpences, and twenty one bank notes, value 1 l. each
            , his property.
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.
SAMUEL NORTHWOOD. Q. You live at the Old Parr's Head at Islington


. - A. Yes, the corner of Cross street, in the parish of St. Mary, Islington


; the prisoner was a lodger
 in my house, she had lodged with me better than two years and a half; she had the second floor over my bed room.
Q. Did any body live with her. - A. Yes, 
               
                  Robert 
                  Hardy
               



            , her husband; I had frequently lost money, I did not know how it was lost; in my presence, abouteleven o'clock on Saturday the 26th of March, my wife marked two half crowns; when she went up stairs she found that her pockets had been moved, and the money was gone.
Court. What pieces were they. - A. Two half crowns; I went up stairs to bed, and found they were gone; I saw her mark them and put them in her pocket just before going up to bed.
Mr. Knapp. You went to bed. On the next day what did you do. - A. In the morning I got Mr. Mason the officer; I told him the circumstance; we went up stairs and knocked at the prisoner's door, she opened the door; I told her that I had lost money from time to time, and I had suspicion that she had taken it. Mr. Mason asked her whether she had any objection to shew what she had got in her pocket; she pulled out some money, a knife, and a key from her pocket; then she hesitated about pulling out any more; Mr. Mason told her he must search her; then she pulled out a purse; Mason took the money from the purse, he took out the two half crowns; I immediately knew them.
Court. What did you do with the two half crowns. A. Mr. Mason took them in his possession.
Mr. Knapp. Were these half crowns that were taken out of the parse the half crowns that you had so marked and put into the pocket of your wife. - A. Yes, I am sure of it; upon their being found, the prisoner said it was her own money; I desired Mason to search further, I was sure there was more money; he went to search a box, which the niece said was her's; the prosecutor, when she found Mr. Mason was going to open it, said it was her's; in the box was a little red trunk, containing a quantity of silver, and a one pound note in a paper box; in a silk glove was a large quantity of guineas and some notes; there were two of the notes with my initials on them.
Mr. Gurney. It is not pretended that these notes were lost at the same time, the only loss that evening was two half crowns; it is not affected to be said that any thing else was lost at that time.
Mr. Knapp. Did you miss the notes at that time. A. No, before.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  NORTHWOOD
               



            . Q. We understand on this night you had marked two half crowns, and put them in your purse in your pocket before you went to bed. - A. Yes.
Q. What did you do with your pockets when you went to bed. - A. I undressed myself and laid my pockets in a chair; I came down for my child, leaving the room without any body in it; when I came up stairs again I looked in my pockets and missed the two half crowns.
Q. Have you seen the half crowns that were found upon the prisoner. - A. Yes, I am certain they were mine, they were loose in my pocket.
The half crowns produced and identified.
The prisoner left her defence to her counsel, and called no witnesses to character.
GUILTY, aged 27.




               Of stealing the two half crowns only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
