





509. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 1st of July
, a gold ring, value 2 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Saunders
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SAUNDERS
               



            . I keep a watch maker's and jewellers shop
, 258, Whitechapel, in the parish of St. Mary, Whitechapel


.
Q. You deal in rings - A. Yes. On the 1st of July, about eleven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came to my shop, he asked me if my name was Saunders; he said he was going to the East Indies and wanted to take a quantity of watches out with him; he asked for a piece of paper, pen and ink, and he would write down the order; I shewed him watches of various patterns; after which he wrote down the order; then he wished to look at some gold chains and gold seals; while looking at the gold chain and seal, he took notice of the hair broaches; he asked if they could be taken out and any hair put in; I told him yes; he asked me if I knew a gentleman, he mentioned his name; and while I was looking over the book he secreted a gold ring.
Q. That you could not know - did you see him - A. No.
Q. Do not you tell us what he did, that you did not see - he asked the name of a gentleman and you looked at your book to find the name - A. Yes; I looked some time, I could not find the name; he said it did not signify; then he said he wanted a watch for his own wear, he choosed a gold chain, gold key, and a gold seal; he offered me a bill; I told him I did not like to take bills; while I was putting the chain on the watch for his own wear, I missed a gold ring out of the box; the box was on the counter with a number of watches by the side of it; I had seen it that morning in the box; I had not seen it when I shewed him the box; I turned to my apprentice and said have you taken a ring from the box, in the hearing of the prisoner; he answered no it was in the box.
Q. Was it in fact in the box at that time - A. It was not. I asked the prisoner who recommended him; he said a Mr. Cotton; I said I did not know any person of that name; he said the last time he had his goods of Mr. Leplaster, Ratcliffe highway, but he did not use him well, so he came to me. He did not take the watch, he went out; he said he lived at No. 3, Clark's terrace, New road, that his name was John Jameson; I told my apprentice to go after the prisoner to see if he lived at the house he said he did, as I suspected that he had got the ring; I looked for the ring after the prisoner was gone among the watches, I did not find it; I saw no more of him till I took him in custody; the next morning I went into a street in the New road to a pawnbrokers to stop it if in case it should be brought there; when I came to the shop, turning by the corner of Chapman street, I met the prisoner turning the corner; I immediately collared him, and asked him how he came to rob me; he said if I would come home to his mother's he would tell me all about it; I told him he must go with me to the office; a soldier coming up I desired him to assist me in taking him to the office; he did; going along he said if I would go into a public house, he would send for his father, and would satisfy me; I told him it was too late, it was not in my power to settle it; I took him to the office.
Q. You did not see the ring again - A. I never saw it again; it was a broad gold ring, with a hair plat, and with a gold cypher, A T set round with pearl.
Q. What was the value of it - A. Two pounds.
Q. Was it in your shop for sale - A. No, a lady had it of me some months before; and the cypher had come loose; I had to tighten the cypher; it was an article that I had sold, it was brought back to be altered.
Q. Who was in your shop at the time - A. My apprentice, nobody else.
Cross examined by Mr. Alley. I dare say you had many valuable things in that case - A. Yes, there were a great many more valuable things than that.
Q. So that a person who had an opportunity might take a thing more valuable than that - A. Yes.
Q. You lost nothing else that you know of - A. No.
Q. The next morning you met him in the street, you asked him how he could have robbed you - A. Yes.
Q. He said if you would go home with him to his house his mother would satisfy you - A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  HODGES
               



            . I am an apprentice to the last witness.
Q. You were in the shop at the time the prisoner came in - A. Yes.
Q. Did you hear him bargaining with your masterand giving orders for watches - A. Yes, I was not above two yards from him.
Q. Had you seen that ring which was in the said glass - A. Yes, I put it in the night before; I put it in the gold box, the gold box was in the window; it was taken out to shew the prisoner.
Q. Did you observe whether the ring was in the box when it was taken out to shew the prisoner. A. I did not; the box had not been out to any body else but the prisoner, since the night before; I had been in the shop the whole time.
Q. I suppose you had other customers in the shop between the evening before and this time - A. There might have been, but not above one or two.
Q. Did you observe this box lay between the prisoner and your master - A. It laid on the counter before the prisoner, open.
Q. You did not see him take any thing out I suppose - A. No.
Q. Do you remember your master speaking to you about the ring - A. My master asked me where the ring was; I said in the gold box on the counter.
Q. You did not see it there at that time - A. No.
Q. Did not you look - A. No, the prisoner turned it off, he asked for something else. When the prisoner went out of the shop my master ordered me to follow him; he turned to the right towards Mile End.
Q. Was that towards the place where he said he lived - A. Yes; when he had got some way I saw him look at something in his right hand; he turned the corner of the new road, and my being the other side of the way I saw there was a boy waiting for him; the boy was standing still, they walked down the New road together, the prisoner turned back, he saw me as I suppose; he went on to the second turning of the New road, and then the boy and he parted; the prisoner went on till he came to the place, then I pursued him, he got up by Cannon street turnpike, he turned the corner; it was not above a minute before I was up there; I lost him, I went home and dined; my master told me to go out to the pawnbrokers; the first place I came to was Mr. Sowerby's, a pawnbroker's in the New road, while I was giving Mr. Sowerby a description, the prisoner was in one of the private boxes.
Q. Did you see him - A. No, the servant said there was a man came and offered a ring to pledge, he was in one of the private boxes; I ran out and the servant with me, we saw the prisoner in the back streets; the prisoner looked back, saw us, and we saw no more of him.


                  HENRY 
                  VICARS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Sowerby, pawnbroker.
Q. Do you remember that last young man coming and giving you a description of a ring, and ordering it to be stopped if it should be brought to pawn - A. I do.
Q. While that young man was there did any body come to your shop to pledge any thing - A. Yes, the prisoner, he came in one of the private boxes, he put a hair ring down on the counter.
Q. What sort of a ring was it - A. A ring with hair plat and two cyphers; I saw the ring, he said he wanted seven shillings on it. I did not take up the ring, I was serving another customer; he as I suppose heard Hodges giving the description, took up the ring and ran away; I went out with Hodges, I saw the prisoner in a street about forty yards from our shop, he was walking along very fast; when I got within twenty yards of him he turned round saw me, he walked as fast as he could to the corner of the street and ran away; then I lost sight of him; on the next day as I was coming down Cannon street road, I saw Mr. Sanders had got hold of the prisoner; I went up to him and said that is the young man that offered the ring to pledge at our shop, and then ran away. I have known his face these four or five years.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, called five witnesses who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 16.




               of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
