





39. 
               
                  FRANCIS 
                  KEOFFE
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Kelley
                     




                  , Esq
; about the hour of twelve in the night of the 2d of November
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing, a silver spoon, value 2s. two jugs, value 1s. a brush, value 2d. a knife, value 2d. and a pound of butter, value 6d.
             the property of the said William.


                  ANTHONY 
                  HUNTER
               



             sworn. - Q. Do you know Mr. Kelley? - A. Yes.
Q.Where does he live? - A. In Upper Holloway


.
Q. Do you remember your master's house being broke open? - A. Yes; on the evening of the 3d of November.
Q. At what time, I cannot state the time, we were in bed.
Q. Who was the last up? - A. I was the last up.
Q.Were the doors and windows all fastened? - A. Yes, I went round to look.
Q. What time did you rise in the morning? - A.Between seven and eight.

Q.Were you the first up? - A. No, the house maid was first up.
Q. Is she here? - A.No.
Q. How did you find the house when you got up? - A. I found the scullery window broke open, and a scrubbing-brush taken out, which was in the window seat over-night, and a case-knife; we missed a silver spoon, which we were not sure whether it was taken from the scullery or the dairy; after we went into the yard, we found the dairy window was taken out, and laid by the dairy; we went into the dairy, and found that some milk had been drank, and sometime after we discovered two mugs being gone from the dairy, and some butter had been taken out from one of the butter-pots.
Q.Where is this dairy? - A. It is separated from the house.
Q.Then it is not a part of the dwelling-house? - A. No.
NELSON STRATTON sworn. - Q. Are you a constable? - A. I am a constable of St. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Islington
               



            ; on Wednesday, the 3d of November, about half past five in the morning, I was looking after the watchmen, to see that they were doing their duty, and I heard something in the road; I went into the road, and saw a man, who turned out to be the prisoner; he seemed to wish to shun me, and went out of the road into the foot-path; I stopped him in the path, and asked him what he had got; he had a bundle, he spoke broken English, he is a German, I believe; I put my hand into the bundle, and found some wet linen, I put my hand in his pocket, and found this knife, this silver spoon, these two jugs of butter, and a scrubbing-brush.(Produces them.)
Q. Does Ray know any more than you? - A. No.
Q.(To Hunter.) Look at these things and tell me whose property they are? - A. They are the property of Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Kelly
               



            , my master.
Q. How do you know that? - A. I know the spoon by having it frequently in use.
Jury. Q. Has it any mark? - A. It has not.
Q. Do you know the pots too? - A. Yes; I have no doubt in the least.
Stratton. I asked the prisoner how he came by them, he said, he took them from the cookery.
Prisoner's defence. I took them from a cook-house, I don't know what to say, the window was open. GUILTY, aged 45.
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
