





542. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     GRIFFITHS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Miller
                     




                  , about the hour of twelve in the night of the 20th of June
, and burglariously stealing six silver spoons, value 20s. two table cloths, value 6s. a coat, value 5s. two pair of shoes, value 6s. and a hat, value 3s.
             the property of the said Henry.


                  HENRY 
                  MILLER
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 9, London-place, Hackney


, I am a clerk in the Bank of England
: On the morning of the 21st of June, about four o'clock, I was awaked by the patrole, who asked me, if I did not think I had been robbed -
Q. Do you know if your doors had been fastened that night? - A. I cannot answer to that, my servant is here. The patrol told me, one of my back windows, which looked into the garden, was open; in consequence of that, I went down, and found it wide open; the garden is about forty feet long, and has protection by a wooden sence about five feet high.
Q. Did the window appear to have been broken? - A. No; I found the things in disorder, but did not miss any thing at that time. The patrol then immediately asked me, if I had missed no silver spoons, and also a piece of beef in salt, a great coat, and shoes; I then went down again, and missed them; I had not looked particularly before; I also missed a hat which they had not mentioned; and then said, they had taken a man with property of that description.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COX
               



             sworn. - I am one of the patrols of Hackney parish: On the 21st of June, 
               
                  John 
                  Webb
               



             and I went to the boarded sence of the garden belonging to Mr. Gray, at the end of London-place, about half past two in the morning, about thirty or forty yards from Mr. Miller's; in a few minutes afterwards, we heard a foot on the other side of the paling, in the garden; I looked over the paling, and saw the prisoner with the bundle in his lap; I asked him, what he did there; he said, he got over to case himself; I then got over, and asked him, if that bundle was his own; he said, it was; I opened the bundle, and found it contained two table-cloths and a pair of shoes; I told him, he must go with us to the guard-room; I then observed some more things in his pocket, I pulled out a piece of beef, another pair of shoes, and six silver table-spoons; we took him to the guard-room, and delivered him up to the officer of the night. I have the things here.


                  JAMES 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. - I searched the prisoner after he was brought to the watch-house; he had a great coat on, which I thought was not his own, and I took it off; I took his hat off, and in the lining of his hat was this child's frock; round his neck he had this green silk shawl; I took the hat off his head; the other things were delivered to me by Cox.(The property was produced, and identified by the prosecutor.)


                  CATHERINE 
                  CHAPMAN
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Miller: The shutters were put to, there is no fastening to them; I am sure the sash was down, the bar was not up.
Q. How came you not to put the bar up? - A. I did not take particular notice of it, I forgot it.
Q. Then you may not be sure that the sash was down? - A. Yes, I am sure the sash was down, I put it down at dusk, between eight and nine o'clock.

Q. 
            (To Cox). You saw this man, when you looked over the paling? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see him plainly? - A. Yes, I saw him plainly; it was rather dusk, but I could see him.

Q. 
            (To Miller.) What do you say to the value of those things? - A. I value them altogether at about 40s.; the prisoner was in the house a considerable time, he supped there.

Q. 
            (To Cox.) What sort of a light was it - the same that it had been all night, or was it lighter than it had been? - A. It was rather lighter than it had been.
Q. Was it so dark half an hour before, that you could not have seen his face? - A. An hour before, most likely I could not.
Prisoner's defence. I throw myself upon the mercy of the Court. GUILTY, aged 45.




               Of stealing goods, value 39s. but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
