





87. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     PAYNE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of December
, twenty-eight yards of printed cotton, value 42s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Clarke
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Boyd
                     



                  , privately in their shop
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BOYD
               



             sworn. - I am a linen-draper

, in partnership with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Clarke
               



            , No. 170, High Holborn, the corner of Drury-lane


: On Friday, the 30th of December, between four and five o'clock in the evening, the prisoner at the bar came into the shop, and asked for some thicksets; I said we had none that would suit her, as she always bought one particular article of thickset, a low priced article, for the purpose of making them up for sale, into breeches; she was a constant customer at our shop; we were particularly busy, and she stood within about a yard and a half of me, against some prints that I had just been shewing to a customer; I thought I saw some prints under hergown; she then walked forward into the middle of the shop and stopped, and asked when it was likely I should have any thing to suit her; I said it was very uncertain; upon that she walked out; she walked very awkwardly out of the shop, for she had a print between her knees; I called to a young man at the top of the shop to stop that woman, his name is French; she was then stepping out at the door; she went past the window, and as he stopped her I got up to them, and after a struggle, I took this print from her, (producing it); it contains twenty-eight yards of printed cotton, it is worth two guineas; I had had it in my hands shewing to a customer within five minutes, it has my private mark upon it; at the time she was taken into custody, when she was in the street, she said she had taken it out of sun; she made two or three attempts to escape, she got across the street at one time.


                  THOMAS 
                  FRENCH
               



             sworn. - My master called to me to stop the prisoner; I followed her out, she had got past the window, I stopped her, and then Mr. Boyd came up; I held her till he took the print from her, it was concealed underneath her petticoat, or apron, I think underneath her petticoat; I brought her back to the shop, and sent for a constable; she made her escape across the street; this is the same print.


                  EDWARD 
                  TREADWAY
               



             sworn. - I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner, that is all I know of it.
Prisoner's defence. I went to Mr. Boyd's shop for some thickset, it was a dark night; I was going out at the door and stepped over something, I stooped and picked it up, I had it in my apron when Mr. Boyd stopped me; I did not know that I had any business to stop, and I went out again, and they fetched me back.
The prisoner called five witnesses, who gave her a good character. 


               GUILTY
            

Of stealing the goods, but not privately in the shop.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
