





299. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SPIKES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of March
, thirty yards of blue baize, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Busby
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUSBY
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 42, Duke-street, Mary-le-bone


; I keep a haberdasher's, hosier's, and flannel shop
: On Saturday, the 9th of March, the property was taken from my shop; I was not at home, I can only speak to the property.


                  ANN 
                  THOMPSON
               



             sworn. - I am a married woman, I live in Gray's-buildings, Duke-street, Manchester-square: On Saturday, the 9th of March, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I was passing by Mr. Busby's shop, I perceived two men standing at the iron rails belonging to Mr. Busby's shop, and seeing them there several nights before, it drew my attention to see what they were doing of; I watched, and saw the prisoner standing between the passage door and the shop door; I crossed to the opposite side of the way to watch him, and directly I got over, I saw the prisoner come out of the shop with a roll of baize on his arm; it was moon-light, and, to the best of my knowledge, it then appeared like green baize; I immediately gave the alarm, and followed the prisoner closely; I met with Mr. Clements, I desired him to stop him, the other man run off; Mr. Clements stopped him with the baize on his shoulder, and was bringing him back to the shop that he took it from; he threw the baize down, and ran away.
Q. Did Mr. Clements catch him again? - A. Yes; I picked up the baize, and took it into the shop; it was given to the constable.


                  JAMES 
                  CLEMENTS
               



             sworn. - I live in Gray-street, Manchester-square, I am a tallow chandler.
Q. Did you see Mrs. Thompson, the last witness, on that Saturday night? - A. The prisoner was passing me in Gray-street, I was looking at him when the woman came up; she asked me to stop that man, he had stole the baize from a shop in Duke-street; I followed him immediately, he then mended his pace; I caught him, and asked him what he was going to do with that piece of baize; he said, a young man, an acquaintance, had asked him to carry it somewhere; I told him he should take it back to where he took it from; he said, he would not, he did not know where; the woman was at hand, she said she would shew him where he took it from; he then went along, and wanted me to carry it; I took hold of him part of the way, and then I loosed him; he walked with me, and when he came near the shop he threw it down, and ran away; I followed him, and took hold of him again, and in the course of the contest he attempted to throw me; I brought him back to Mr. Busby's shop, and left him in the care of the woman that is now present, and other people in the shop; I went for Mr. Watson, the constable; he came, and took charge of him.
- WATSON sworn. - I am a constable, I was sent for to take charge of this man on Saturday the9th of March; I took him to the watch-house, he said nothing to me, but he made use of very improper expressions; he blamed Mr. Clements, and said he was a liar, and he wished he had a knife he would thrust it into his bl - y guts; he was not the person who took it, that he got hold of him because he could not get hold of the right one.
Q.(To Prosecutor.) What is the value of that baize? - A. Three pounds; it has my own shop mark on it, there are thirty yards, I am sure it is mine.
Prisoner's defence. I was coming up Duke-street, between eight and nine o'clock, I saw this woman following a man with a roll of cloth, but it was not me; I am as innocent as a child unborn, I know nothing about it, the lad that had the cloth made his escape, and this man laid hold of me; Mr. Busby took upon himself to swear at the Office that the cloth was green, you may depend upon it that is a real fact, he said the cloth was green.
Prosecutor. In regard of that, I was asked by Mr. Graham several times whether that baize was my property; in the hurry of speaking, I might probably say once that green baize; still that baize is my property whether I called it black, blue, or white.
Q. Is that the baize that was before the Magistrate? - A. Yes, and it is the only blue one we have.




               GUILTY
            , aged 17.
Of stealing only.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
