





8. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PARKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 11th of November
, a silver watch, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Palmer
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Turner
                     



.


                  JOHN 
                  PALMER
               



            . I live at No. 18, Hertford street, Fitzroy Market, in the parish of St. Pancras
. On the 11th of November the prisoner came into my shop; there are two windows to the front of the shop, one window I occupy as a taylor
, and the other with earthen ware and china; I was sitting on the taylor's side; the prisoner asked me if I could mend him some china, I told him I could if he would bring it; he had none with him; he went out of the shop; in five minutes he returned again, he said I must have a direction of your shop, for I shall send my boy with the china. He walked through the shop into the parlour; I began to suspect him; in about half a minute I jumped off my board and went into the parlour after him.
Q. Was any body else in the parlour - A. My son, he is about eleven years old, and no one else. I did not see him take any thing, so I gave him a written direction of my shop; he went towards Warren-street. When he had been gone about two minutes a thought struck me about the watch.
Q. Where was your watch hanging. - A. Over the mantle piece in the parlour; it was a silver watch. I gave four guineas for it about eighteen years ago; it was a good going watch. I went into the parlour the moment the thought struck me, I missed the watch; I sent my little boy one way after him, and went another way myself; the boy went towards Fitzroy street, I saw the boy bring him back. I went and met them, he came very peacably by the side of the boy, and no other one with him.
Q. What time of the day was it. - A. About half past four in the evening, it was not quite dark, it was near dusk; I met them at the corner of Warren-street; the prisoner, myself, and the boy, came into the shop together again.
Q. You did not lay hold of him. - A. No, he made no resistance; I sent for a constable and searched him, but could not find the watch upon him; the constable asked the prisoner where he lived, he said in North-street; I found afterwards that he lived there, he had been there but a week. I had him taken up again the same evening, about half past ten, by the advice of Mr. Baker. On the next morning the watch was brought to me by Mr. White, a neighbour. I am sure it is my own watch.
WILLIAM PALMER, JUNIOR. Q. How old are you. - A. Eleven last October.
Q. Do you know what an oath is - A. Yes.
Q. You know you are come to speak the truth - A. Yes.
Q. If you were to take a false oath, what do you think God Almighty would do with you after you were dead. - A. I should go to fire and brimstone.
Q. Do you remember the prisoner at the bar coming into your father's shop. - A. Yes; my father desired me to pursue him, I did, and brought him back; he came with me.


                  GEORGE 
                  WHITE
               



            . Q. How old are you. - A. Only nine and a half.
Q. Do you know what an oath is. - A. Yes, and if I tell a lie I shall go to a bad place. I live in Hertford-street, No. 10.
Q. You found the watch, I think, did you. - A. Yes, in Warren-street, the corner of Fitzroy-street; it was in the channel; it was a frosty morning when I found it.
Q. Do you recollect what day of the week it was when you found it. - A. I found it on Thursday the 12th of November, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning; it was quite light. I brought the watch home and gave it to my father.
Q. to prosecutor. When the prisoner went out of your shop which way did he go. - A.Warren-street is about six doors from our shop; I saw him go that way, I did not see him go into the street.
Q. to prosecutor's son. When you overtook the prisoner, where was it - A. I overtook him in Warren-street about two or three doors from Fitzroy-street; I found him on the right hand side of the way.
Q. Do you know the place where this boy found the watch. - A. Yes he shewed it me afterwards.
Q. Did the man pass by that place when you overtook him. - A. No, he went very near the place when I stopped him.
Q. to 
               
                  George 
                  White
               



            . Did you shew to Palmer where you found the watch. - A. Yes.
Prisoner. The taylors part of the shop is boarded up like a private room, so that the parlour is hid from his sight. - Prosecutor. I can see the parlour, door by turning my head round.
Q. Is there no door of communication from your parlour into the passage - A. Yes, that is always locked; there is a passage door besides my shop door.


                  JOHN 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am a constable. On Wednesday night Mr. Palmer came to me to apprehend the prisoner; I apprehended him in bed; I took him to the watchhouse. I took him to the magistrate on the next morning, and the watch was produced; it was given to me by the magistrate's order; it has been in my custody ever since.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



            . Q. You are father to the little boy. - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember his bringing you a watch. - A. I do it was on Thursday morning the 12th of November; I gave it to Mr. Palmer myself.
Q. to prosecutor. Mr. White gave you the watch - A. He did; I gave it Mr. Baker by the order of the magistrate.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am in the habit of drilling glass and stone; a person applied to me to drill some china; this man had a bill in his window, china mended here; I went into the shop to get what the price was to mend china; I came out and went into the shop again andwent into the parlour; he came with me and gave me his address. I then walked out into the street; the child came to me, and asked me to come back; I went back, and the man asked who I was, I told him, and where I lived; he sent for a constable, he searched me and found nothing; the constable went home with me, and found I lived where I had told them. In the evening when I was in bed, Mr. Palmer and Mr. Baker came; they took me out of bed. searched my drawers, and took me to the watchhouse, and at the office the following morning was produced the watch; and more of it I do not know; I only wish to make the observation, that Mr. Palmer had not seen the watch an hour previous to my going into the place; any person might go in the house and be accused of it the same as I was. I declare I know nothing of the watch.
Q. to prosecutor. Who does the house belong to. - 
               A. William Turner
            . I have only the shop, parlour, and a bed room.



               GUILTY
            . aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Graham.
