






102. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     HICKS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  PRYKE
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of December
, three hundred and ninety-two pounds weight of iron horse-shoes, value 5l. 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Moorcroft
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Field
                  



               
            .
JOHN FIELD sworn. - I am a horse-doctor
, No. 224, Oxford-street, in partnership with William Moorcroft: On Sunday, the 20th of December, I received information that there were a quantity of shoes of ours at Messrs. Parkes's, Broad-street, St. Giles's: On Monday morning I went there, and found them; the weight of them was one hundred two quarters and twenty-one pounds; I desired to see Mr. Parkes, and after a communication with him, I gave directions, in case any more were brought, to let me know: On the 31st of December, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was sent for; I went and saw the two prisoners at Mr. Parkes's with 162 shoes, weighing one hundred three quarters and seven pounds; they were taken to Marlborough-street.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Which of the prisoners is it whose son was at your house? - 
               A. 
            Pryke.
Q. These two prisoners had no access to yourhouse? - A. The same as other people; Pryke has been there in the day.
Q. The son had an opportunity of taking these things, if he had been so disposed? - A. Yes.
Q. But neither of these men had the opportunity without being observed by your servants? - A. No; the son of this man has absconded, and I have a warrant out against him.
Q. It was very easy for the son to get the father to dispose of them? - A. Yes.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JONES
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Messrs. Moorcrost and Field, I can only prove the property; I made a great number of the shoes (a sample of the shoes produced); I know these to be Messrs. Moorcrost's and Field's property.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. 
               Q. 
            Young Pryke has absconded? - A. Yes; he worked there on the 31st of December, and never came afterwards.
Q. It was not found out till the 31st, in the evening? - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  FENWICK
               



             sworn. - I am shopman to Mr. Parkes, ironmonger: On the 31st of December, the prisoners brought a parcel of horseshoes; they came together about seven o'clock in the evening; the shoes weighed one hundred three quarters and seven pounds; I know the vmen well from having been there on the 18th of the same month; I sent up to Messrs. Moorcrost and Field's, as I had been directed to do; they were asked where they brought the shoes from; they said, they brought them from Paddington, from one Morris; a little time after, Messrs. Moorcrost and Field came to the shop; they were to have thirty shillings a hundred for them.
Mr. Field. I know these shoes to be mine; they are marked with the letter M; the shoes are made by two different people, each has his own mark.
Mr. Knowlys. 
               Q. 
            Have you never said that you believed this man's son was the person who had stole them, and these people the persons who disposed of them? - A. I may have said so, but not that I know of.

Q. 
            Do you not now believe your servant who has run away, was the person who stole the shoes? - A. I have no doubt but he had something to do with stealing them.
Q. Have you any doubt that he had the whole to do with the stealing of them? - A. That I know nothing about.
Jones. I have no doubt of these shoes being Messrs. Moorcrost and Field's.
Hickes's defence. I was employed to carry these shoes by the man that had them, Mr. Pryke's son.
Pryke's defence. I was coming from Pedlar's Acre; I met my son and this man, and they asked me to take a walk with them, and I did.
Court. (To Mr. Field.) 
               Q. 
            Did you miss any shoes? - A. Yes, about three days before the 31st, we missed half a yard of shoes.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. You missed them from time to time, so that it must be some person who had the opportuinty of frequently taking them? - A. That night we found the yard-door open, and the shop-door open.
Hicks, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 51.
Pryke, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 57.





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
