





741. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOLMES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               making an assault in a certain field and open place, near the King's highway, on the 25th of July
, upon Elizabeth, the wife
 of 
                     
                        
                           Stephen 
                           Plummer
                        



                     
                  , putting her in fear, and taking from her person a pocket-book, value 3d. fourteen duplicates, value 7d. a prize-ticket, value 1d. two yards of ribbon, value 2d. and thirty-six halfpence
            , the goods and monies of the said Stephen.(
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Plummer
               



             diposed that she was so much in liquor, she knew nothing of the robbery.)


                  JAMES 
                  DAWSON
               



             sworn. - On Sunday evening, the 25th of July, about eleven o'clock, I was going along a narrow foot-path that leads to Limehouse


; I had got about forty of fifty yards up the path, when I heard somebody cry out, murder; I went to the extent of the field, and then there is another path that leads to a public-house; I went along the side of the pales, and found the prosecutrix lying moaning, and saw a man coming away from her, he passed me, and in about two minutes I saw a soldier, which was the prisoner, go up to her, take her pocket off, sold it up, and put it in his jacket pocket; the other man stood waiting about six yards off; I then went, and pulled the woman's cloaths down; I was afraid to take them by myself; I went up to the prisoner, and said, you have done that very eleverly, he said, d-n his eyes, if her shoes had been good for any thing, he would have had them too; I then walked with them to the extent of the field, and then met two gentlemen; I immediately seized the prisoner by the collar, and told the gentlemen what had happened; the other man ran away; the gentlemen seemed alarmed, and left me with the prisoner; I secured him, and took him to the watch-house; he had the property upon him.(Benjamin Purser, an officer, produced the property, which was identified by the prosecutrix.)
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.
GUILTY, aged 27.
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not violently
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
