





642. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     BLANE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of July
, a handkerchief, value 2s. 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Browns
                        




                     
                   privily from his person
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn. - On the 30th of July, I was walking along Lombard-street


, by the alley that leads to the' Change, and a gentleman observed to me, I had had my pocket picked, and pointed out the prisoner to me, as the person who had done it; I charged him with it, but he made no reply; he was so dirty, I did not chuse to touch him; a young man standing by, offered to search him, which he did, and the handkerchief was found; he was taken to the Mansion-house and examined, and several other handkerchiefs found upon him; my initials; and No. 4, are on the handkerchief, which is silk.

HENRY PIGGOTT sworn. - I was in Lombard-street, on Friday the 30th of July, between three and four o'clock; I saw Mr. Browne, who had stopped the prisoner, and a gentleman said, he had picked his pocket; I searched him; Mr. Browne told me it was a yellow handkerchief; I searched him, and under his shirt I found two or three handkerchiefs, in his pocket and hat, I found five or six others, neither of which was Mr. Browne's; on lifting up his arm, I saw the corner of the yellow handkerchief, between his jacket and shirt; I pulled it out, and asked Mr. Browne if it was his; he said, if it was, it had R. B. on it, which it has; he was taken to the Mansion-house. (The handkerchief was produced and identified.)
Prisoner's defence. I picked it up, and asked a man who was coming along, if it was his, he said, no. GUILTY, aged 32.
Of 


               stealing, but not privily
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
