





21. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     PARKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 30th of October
, six pair of woman's shoes, value 1 l. 4 s. and a handkerchief, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas Basset 
                     Read
                  




               
            .


                  AMELIA 
                  READ
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Basset
               



             Read, shoemaker
, No. 37, Beech street


, the prisoner was my servant
; she had lived with me five weeks only. On Sunday the 30th of October, I went into her room, I saw her key in the box and I opened it I saw a pair of brown velvet shoes; I took them out, I knew them to be our property; I looked further, and found two other pair, black velvet and black Spanish; I then went into the parlour and informed Mr. Read; there were several other things belonging to me, but I did not take any account of them.
Q. Did you leave the shoes in the box - A. I did not. I took them down with me. Mr. Read sent for her up stairs and asked her how she came by these shoes; she said she had them before she came into our service, some she bought and some she had given her. Mr. Read sent for a constable; he found a duplicate in her pocket, where she had pawned three other pair, which afterwards proved to be ours, and a handkerchief of my daughters.
Q. Had you any character with her - A. I had a character, but not from the last place; I desired her to go before her time was expired; she would not; I thought she staid with a view of getting more shoes. I do not know what else it could be.


                  THOMAS 
                  BASSET
               



             READ. After my wife had shewed me the shoes I called ke up and asked her where she had got them shoes; she said one pair was gave her by a young man, two pair she bought of Mr. Neave in Whitecross street; knowing them to be my property I sent for an officer, I desired the officer to search her; among other things she pulled out this small box, containing three duplicates, one for three pair of shoes. I then took the officer up stairs with me, with the shoes, to examine her box. Mrs. Read described that she found the shoes in such a manner in the box; she said no, they lay in such a way; I said, then you confess the shoes were in your box, she said yes; I said officer take notice of that, fearing as the shoes had been removed from the box she might say they were not in the box.


                  JAMES 
                  RIORDEN
               



            . Q. You are a pawnbroker - A. Yes, I live at Mrs. Fothergill's, 106 Aldersgate street. On the 12th of October, I took in three pair of shoes; I took them in of a woman; I have seen the prisoner's face, before but I cannot swear that she pledged the shoes; they were tied up in this handkerchief.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. These shoes that my mistress accuses me with, the pair of brown velvet I had given me, and two pair I bought of Mr. Neave when I had been there a fortnight; on the Tuesday evening I went out, I met with a person that I never saw before in my life; she said she had a duplicate that I should have for three shillings: I bought the duplicate of her. I can take an oath I never saw the shoes before.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
