





205. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COOK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of February
, one key, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Creed
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CREED
               



             sworn. - I am a tailor
: on Thursday, the 10th of the present month, the prisoner came into my house; I ordered the boy to go out and get a man; as he was going out, he found the prisoner at the bar behind the door; he immediately called me.

Q. At what time? - A. Between twelve and one o'clock; I was not two yards from him; I came up to him immediately, took the key out of his hands, and secured him; he seemed to conceal it very much; however I took it from him.
Q. What did he say for himself? - A. He asked for Mr. Paterson; I told him there was no such man as I knew of.
Q. Whose key was it? - A. My own; when I called the constable, he said he hoped I would forgive him; it was a small fault.
Q. Did you ever see him before? - A. No; he said he picked up the key from off the mat at the door.
Prisoner. Q. I told you I picked the key up at the edge of the door? - A. Not in my house; he said so before the Lord Mayor.
Q. With submission, I beg your pardon; I did tell you so? - A. The boy pulled you from behind the door.


                  JOHN 
                  CLARK
               



             sworn. - I am a servant to Mr. Creed; I was coming out of my master's house; I saw him in the passage behind the street-door; when he saw me he drew himself away, and as he drew his body away, he took the key away with his right hand; he put his hand down his side directly and came from the door; he asked me for Mr. Paterson, if he lived there; I told him no, he knew that; I said, what do you do with the key of our street door; he said, he had not got it; I called my master out, and my master shut the door, and took him in the shop; my master asked him what business he had with the key; my master told him he was going to let himself in at night, when the family were in bed; he said that he was going to him with it, and that he found it on the mat.
Q. Was there any mat there? - A. No; my master sent me for a constable; he said, pray forgive me, I did not mean any harm; I fetched a constable, and the constable took him up.
Prisoner. Q. Did you say I was behind the street door? - A. You were behind the street door.
Q. Was not the street door wide open? - A. No; half shut.
Q. Was not your door left open? - A. Yes, it was.


                  JAMES 
                  COLLIER
               



             sworn. - I know nothing more than being sent for to take charge of the prisoner.
Q. Who did you receive the key from? - A. Mr. Creed.
(The key produced, and identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I went to that house to enquire for Mr. Paterson, a gentleman I lived with formerly; as I went in the key was lying by the edge of the door; this young man came out; I asked him if Mr. Paterson lived there; I asked him to go and ask his master; he went in and asked his master; his master said no such person lived there.



               GUILTY
            , aged 57.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
