






260. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DAVIS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MAYNARD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of February
, a silver watch, value 50s. a looking-glass, value 18s. two bed curtains, value 20s. two sheets, value 12s. a table cloth, value 5s. a man's hat, value 5s. guinea, two half-guineas, two seven-shilling pieces, a half-crown, two shillings, six penny pieces, and twenty-four halfpence, and a Bank-note, value 1l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Richards
                  




               
            .
JOSEPH RICHARDS sworn. - I am a turner
, and live in Playhouse-yard


: On the 9th of this month, I lost the articles mentioned in the indictment, I know nothing of the loss; I have found part of the money since, but none of the other properry.
Mrs. RICHARDS sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Richards
               



            : On the 9th of this month, I was going up stairs about a quarter before eleven o'clock, and I saw the prisoner Davis on the stairs, with a stick in his hand; he stood across the stairs, so that I could not go up, and Maynard was stooping down, and doing something to the key-hole of the door; Davis said, here, here, Maynard, and beckoned to his with his hand several times; then Maynard turned round, and began rubbing his hands, and they both seemed very much confused.
Q.Did he see you when he turned about? - A. Yes, he asked me where my husband was; my husband works in Cherry-tree-alley, White-cross-street; then Davis pulled out a piece of cheese, wrapped up in an old silk handkerchief, and asked me if I would buy it; I told him, no; if he wanted any thing with my husband, he was at the shop; Davis asked me if I would give him a crust of bread, and I cut a crust of bread, I know Davis by sight, and Maynard too; then they went down stairs, and I locked my door, and went out; I was going out of an errand; I went to my husband, and told him what I had seen, and he sent me home to take the money out of the drawer, and the watch off the mantle-piece, and put it in another drawer; then I went out with some bottle-boards, and my husband got home before me; I came back about four, and found the things gone.


                  FRANCIS 
                  STOKES
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I went with the prosecutor to apprehend the prisoner; I took Maynard that afternoon at the prisoner's father's lodgings; upon searching him, I found five seven-shilling pieces, a guinea in gold, ten shillings and sixpence in silver, and three shillings and one farthing in copper money.


                  THOMAS 
                  GERARD
               



             sworn. - I was with Stokes: I found upon Maynard a half-crown, five shillings in silver, and sixpence, at Maynard's lodgings; Richards said he could swear to the half-crown, and two of those shillings; I found them in his fob pocket, on his right-hand side.
Stokes. I did not search his sob, I did not perceive that he had one.
SARAH WILKINS sworn. - On Monday, the 9th of February, about half past eleven, the prisoner Maynard came to my mother's, and said his wife was in quod, and said, a guinea and a half would release her; he asked me and my mother if we could tell him where he could get it; I said, it was a good deal of money, I could not tell him where to get it; and he said, he would get it before the afternoon was over, that is all I know of it.
Richards. When I came home, I found the door forced open, and the bolt standing out about an inch and a half, and the bed was tumbled about very much.
Q. Did you ever conceal your money there before? - A. No, my wife came to me about half past eleven, to inform me of it.
Q.(To Mrs. Richards.) Do you know whether the prisoners saw you go out? - A. Yes; when I went out, I saw them under a gateway whispering together.
CATHERINE DUNKLEY sworn. - On the 9th of February. I was going backwards and forwards in the morning about my business, and saw the room-door of Mrs. Richard's apartment; I saw that the bolt was out, and I went and told my husband of it; he sent me to tell Mr. Richards of it, which I did; I saw the bed-clothes had been pulled about, and the glass gone out of the room.
Richards. I took two seven-shilling pieces, and two half-guineas out of his hand; one of the half-guineas I can swear to.(The money was produced by the officer).
Richards. This half-crown I took particular notice of, it is marked with aqua-fortis, I had it of my mother; here are two shillings, one of them is George the Second's, and the other a Queen Ann's shilling; there is no mark upon them, but I am almost certain these are the two shillings that I had from my mother, with the half-crown; this half-guinea has a flaw close to the fleur-de-lis; it seems to have been a flaw in making of it, and under the eye of the same half-guinea there was a lump bigger than I ever saw in a half-guinea.
Maynard's defence. I went up to Richards's upon business, and met with this man, Davis; Mrs. Richards came up, I told her I wanted to see her husband; she told me he was at shop; I went away, and parted with this man at the door, and went immediately to him.
Davis's defence. On Monday week I met with Maynard; I went up to Mr. Richard's with him; I went in with Maynard, and partook of some bread and cheese; he asked her if her husband would have the cheese; she said, she did not know, but if he did not, her father would; I then came down stairs, and Maynard and I parted; I saw no more of him till I was taken up; they found upon me fourpence halfpenny, between me and my wife and two children.
Maynard, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 46.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Davis, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Hatham.
