






462. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  MOSES 
                  FONSECA
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 30th of April
, one hundred and twenty pounds weight of lead, value 1 l. 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Nightingale
                        




                     
                  , affixed to his dwelling house
            .
SECOND COUNT for like offence, only charging it to be affixed to a certain building.
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  THOMAS 
                  NIGHTINGALE
               



            . I live at the Gun and Star, Petticoat-lane


, in the parish of St. Botolph, Aldgate.
Q. On Sunday morning, the 30th of April, were you awoke at any time - A. Yes; at four o'clock; I saw Mr. 
               Moses
             the witness, when I came down stairs I found the lead that was taken from the bar window of my house; I have since fitted it to the place to see that it was taken from there. It is my own dwelling house; the house is in my possession.
JOSEPH MOSES. Q. Do you live opposite the Gun and Star - A. I do.
Q. At about four o'clock in the morning of Sunday, the 30th of April, were you awoke by any circumstance - A. Yes; I was awoke by my dog barking in my shop; I got out of bed and went to the window, I saw Fonseca standing at my door; I saw three men besides double up a piece of lead by Mr. Nightingale's door.
Q.Do you know any of them three - A. Jones was rolling the lead up with two more; Fonseca was about fourteen yards from any of them; Fonseca's face was towards the lead; I halloaed out stop thief; Mr. Fonseca answered, you jew thief, what is it to you; I made more halloaing and they all run off; Fonseca and Jones and the others were all together; I went down to run after them; they were gone before I came; they left the lead behind them. Mr. Nightingale came down and took the lead away.
Fonseca. There has been an animosity between the witness and me years back.
Witness. I never spoke two words to Fonseca in my life.
COURT. You are sure it was Fonseca - A. Yes; I have known him by sight for years, and I have known Jones from a little boy, he lived in the neighbourhood.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MOSS
               



            . I am a basket-maker in Camomile-street.
Q. On the morning of Sunday the 30th of April were you in Petticoat-lane at an early hour - A. Yes; about twenty minutes to four. I saw Fonseca and 
               
                  William 
                  Jones
               



            , and a third person in a blue coat; he had a ladder on his shoulder; they were all three talking together.
Q. Did you see where the men placed the ladder - A. Yes; against Mr. Nightingale's bar window. Fonseca came up to me; he said Bill, what causes you to be out so late in the morning; I told him I were locked out of my lodging; I had a pint of beer or two the over night; I wanted something to drink, I was rather dry; he told me to go down Cobb's-yard, I could get something to drink at the Yorkshire Grey public house. He walked several yards down Cobb's-yard with me; heturned back; I wenton to the Yorkshire Grey, they were not up; I then went to Aldgate pump and got some saloop; the clock struck four while I was drinking it. I returned to Petticoat-lane, and when I came to Mr. Cox's I heard something lump on the ground; then I came on; I saw Fonseca and Jones stand in the lane; they doubled up the lead; Mr. Moses called out of the window; Jones and Fonseca ran away; the man in the blue coat then I did not see; shortly after the ladder was moved against Mr. Moses's house; then it was I heard Mr. Moses call out, and I saw them go up Petticoat-square.
Jones's Defence. I was in bed at the time.
Fonseca's Defence. There has been a bit of dispute between him and me; he borrowed sixpence of me. It is only spite and malice about this lead. He uses the house where I go constantly to have a pint of beer, he is there constantly with common prostitutes; he asked me for a sixpence; I sent it him; since that he gave me a shilling. He came on the Wednesday as I was taken on the Thursday; he asked me for the sixpence out of his shilling; I said I had not got it, I will give it you tomorrow; he abused me, and I said because he used such bad language to me I would get him on board the tender; he said he would do for me in my old days, he would transport me. He went to Mr. Nightingale the next day. I have lived in the same place many years.
JONES, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.





               Confined Fourteen Days in Newgate
            , and 



               Whipped in Jail
            

FONSECA, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
