





47. 
               
                  
                     PHILLIP 
                     PUNCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing; on the 4th of of November
, a bag, value 3 d. a box, value 6 d. 40 pound weight of white lead, value20 s. and 2 lb. weight of Prussian blue, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Grace
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Yallop
                  



               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am a constable. On the 4th of November between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I overtook the prisoner at the bottom of the Minories, near Tower Hill; he had a bag which seemed very weighty. I asked him what he had got; he said, you know; I told him, it was impossible for me to know, till I had examined it; what do you call it? he said, provisions. I insisted upon seeing what it was; he rather refused, and struggled to get away; I took him into a shop and examined it; I found it to be white lead and Prussian blue, together. I took him out, and asked him what employment he was in; he told me a bricklayer's labourer to Mr. Teanby, a bricklayer in Old-street road. I took him to the watchhouse, and asked him where he was going with it; I think he said to Green Bank, Wapping; he knew the house, but not the person, to whom it was to go to; I asked him who he had it of, that he could not tell me; he told me he would give me a guinea to let him go; I told him that I would not do, but if he would tell me where his home was I would go there. I went to Golden-lane, where he told me; and the next day I went to Mr. Yallop's and Grace. I searched the prisoner, I found a little colour box at his breast, inside of his waistcoat; and the next morning, in the watchhouse where he was confined, I found a vermillion bag. There is forty pound of white lead, and two pound of Prussian blue, I have kept the property ever since.


                  HENRY 
                  GRACE
               



            . Q. What is the name of your partner. - 
               A. Thomas Yallop
            ; we are colour manufacturers in Old-street. The prisoner was a labourer and watchman in our employ for the last ten months.
The property produced and identified.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence; called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . aged 30.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
