





532. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BANKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of August
, seven lace caps, value 5 s. a pair of stockings, value 6 d. a cloak value 2 s. 6 d. and a seven-shilling piece
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Richards
                  




               
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  RICHARDS
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of William Richards, I live at No. 3, Moor's-yard


? I went up stairs about one o'clock at noon; I found the prisoner in the closet, I saw her gown sticking out; I asked her how she came there; she was so intoxicated she did not know what she did; my cloak was hanging out of her pocket; I put her in my lower room and told her to empty her pocket, she told me she would not; I sent for a constable, and she dropped six of the caps out of her pocket, and my black cloak she flung to the other side of the room; the constable came and took charge of her.
Q. How did she come into your house? - A. The door was open; she had a seven-shilling piece of mine in her pocket, wrapped up in a bit of paper; I can swear to the paper.


                  JAMES 
                  COMLEY
               



             sworn. I am beadle of Queenhithe ward: On Saturday, the 3d of August, I went to Mrs. Richards's at one o'clock at noon to take charge of the prisoner; the moment I looked at the prisoner she dropped two caps out of her right hand pocket; I searched the pocket and found one cap in it, I asked the prosecutrix if that was her property; her reply was, she would swear to it; she then shewed me the caps and the cloak which the prisoner had given up: I asked the prosecutrix if she had lost any thing else; she went up stairs to look; when she returned she said she had a seven-shilling piece in her possession up stairs, and it was gone: I told the prisoner I must search her further; she said, I will not give you the trouble, and she pulled out a seven-shilling piece folded up in a piece of paper. I produce the articles. (The articles identified by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's defence. I was very much in liquor and not capable of knowing what I was doing.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
