






627. 
               
                  ISABELLA 
                  CLARKSON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 23d of July
, a silver table spoon, value 14 s. four silver tea spoons, value 10 s. acotton gown, value 7 s. a pair of sheets, value 6 s. a lace habit shirt, value 5 s. a pair of silk stockings, value 10 s. a muslin gown, value 10 s. a muslin petticoat, value 10 s. two habit shirts, value 4 s. a lace cap, value 4 s. a pair of silk gloves, value 2 s. a shift, value 6 s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 1 s. a pair of pockets, value 1 s. and a cap, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Watkins
                        




                     
                   in his dwelling house
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  WATKINS
               



            . I live at 47, Upper Marylebone-street


. On the 22d of July the prisoner came to my house and asked me if I could inform her of a place.
Q.What is your business. - A. Haberdasher and sell women's wearing apparel
. We wanted a young woman at that time; we were obliged to go out of town the next week; we engaged her as a 
               servant


             at three shilling per week; she came on the 22d and left us on the 23d, without any notice. On the 23d, my wife and I were obliged to be in the city; in our absence we left her in the house, with our little girl. On our return she was gone, and we missed all the property that is mentioned in the indictment. On the next day we apprehended her in a garret in Theobald's Road, cohabiting with a man of the name of Brown. Croker the officer searched her; he found some part of the things, and some part was pledged.


                  HENRY 
                  CROKER
               



            . I am an officer. I went with the last witness to the Hole in the Wall, Theobald's Road. I found the prisoner in the garret behind the bedstead.
Q. Was there any alarm before you went up stairs. - A. I spoke to the landlord, and I suppose some per- might tell her; I searched her. The lady came up, she said the stockings she had on was hers, and every thing that was taken from her; the lady owned a habit shirt and a shift that was not taken off till she was examined; a pair of of gloves, and several articles were found in the room. Afterwards the other things were found at the pawnbrokers.


                  JAMES 
                  LAVER
               



            . Q. Do you live with a pawnbroker. - A. I do, the corner of Dean-street Holborn; I have two parcels pledged by the prisoner I lent her thirty five shillings on them; a gown, a sheet, a silver table spoon, a lace handkerchief, that is one parcel; I took them both at one time, two sheets and a pair of silk stockings.
Q. What time did you take them in. - A. On the 23d of July in the afternoon between three and four o'clock.
Q. Are you sure it was the prisoner. - A. Yes, I have seen her before.
Q. What are they all worth. - A. They may be worth two pounds.
(The property produced and identified.)
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witnesess to character.
GUILTY, aged 19.
Of 


               stealing to the value of thirty nine shillings only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Le Blanc.
