





182. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HANSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of January
, a deal box, value 6d. a coat, value 15s. a waistcoat, value 1s. two half handkerchiefs, value 1s 6d. a pair of stockings, value 1s. a shirt, value 3s. two boxes, value 1s. and a crape batband, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Carpenter
                  




               
            .
JAMES CARPENTER sworn. - I am a bricklayer
, and lodge in Lawrence-lane, High-street, Bloomsbury


: On Saturday the 23d of January, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, John Hanson called upon me, my wife told him I was at work; about half-past ten, my wife came to me, where I was at work, and told me she was robbed; I immediately left my work, and went home with my wife, and found it was so; I missed-my-coat, my hat, my waistcoat, and a deal box which contained the other things; I went to search after him and could not find him; I left my work on purpose to find him; on Sunday I went to look for him, and could not find him; on Monday I found him on one side of Gray's-inn-lane, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening; he ran away from me; I ran after him, and took him; I took him with my coat, shirt, waistcoat, and the handkerchief, boxes, and stockings about him; the coat was upon him, and the shirt, the waistcoat, and the other things in his pocket; I took him to the watch-house, and the watch-house-keeper kept him; the watch-housekeeper had the care of the property.

Q. 
            Are you able to swear to it if it is produced? - A. Yes; I have found none of the other articles; the coat, in the right-hand pocket, is stained with tobacco; he said, if I would go with him by myself, he would get me every thing again; I was loath to go with him for fear he should get away.
Prisoner. Q. Are there any particular marks to those things? - A. Yes, the right-hand pocket is stained with tobacco; I chew tobacco, and put it into my coat-pocket; I am perfectly sure it is my own; the waistcoat was one my uncle gave me, very much darned, the pockets are sewed up; there is a mother of pearl button on the left-hand side, and two upon the right; the shirt is tied with a piece of bobbin, it is very much torn with stooping.
RACHAEL CARPENTER sworn. - I am the wife of the last witness; the prisoner at the bar was a flight acquaintance of my husband's; he frequently used to call upon us; he eat and drank with us part of what we had, when he came up; he called on Friday afternoon, the 22d of January; he had tea with us in the evening; he told us he had got a job of work to go to, on the Monday; he went about eight o'clock in the evening; he returned again about the 23d in the morning, between the hours of nine and ten o'clock, my husband was gone to his work; he sat down for some time; he asked me if I would drink any thing: I thanked him, I had just had my breakfast; he asked me, if I would fetch him a pint of two penny, and half an ounce of tobacco; I told him yes; I put on my bonnet and cloak, and went down stairs; the public-house was opposite; I ordered a pint of two penny to be got ready; I went for the tobacco, when I came back, the pint of twopenny was on the bar, waiting for me; I was gone five or six minutes at the farthest; I went up stairs, and immediately found my door was wide open; the prisoner at the bar was gone; I missed a box and tea-chest from off the table, and a deal box, containing a coat, waistcoat, two half-handkerchiefs, a pair of stockings, a shirt, and a hat-band; I know those articles were in the box; this is my husband's property, and my box stood upon this; the articles in the indictment were in my husband's box; he did not take that away.

Q. 
            Did he put them into your box? - A. I don't know, that box was left empty behind; he took two boxes, and left one empty behind him; I have seen the property that was taken from him; my husband's coat and waistcoat, a shirt, and a pair of stockings, were in the coat-pocket; they were taken from him when he was taken to the watch-house; I was at the watch-house, and was with my husband at the taking of him; I know these articles to be my husband's property, the name R. P. is on the stockings; they were kept in the box that was empty.
JOHN HARWOOD sworn. - I am inspector of the watch and lamps of St. Andrew's, Holborn; I saw the prisoner taken; the man and his wife brought the prisoner in, and another man with them; he said, he had been robbed, I searched him, and there were two small boxes, one tortoise-shell, the other brass, and cut in the form of a shoe; the small box was in his coat-pocket; when he was before the Alderman, he was stripped of the coat, waistcoat, and shirt, I have kept them ever since.(Produces them.)
Carpenter. They are my boxes; a tortoise-shell box, with a looking-glass, one is a wooden shoe, with an oval on it; the cloaths are my property.
Prisoner's defence. My Lord, these things, as I was coming down St. Giles's, I picked up, tied up in a bundle, I put them upon my back; going up St. Giles's, this man came past me; soon after, I went past him, and this man followed me, overtook me, and swore they were his property, before I ever saw him; I am entirely a stranger.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
