





848. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BUTLER
                  , alias 
WILLIAMS





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of September
, a pair of breeches, value 11s. a pair of shoes, value 7s. and a shirt, value 2s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Grace
               




            .
JOSEPH GRACE sworn. - I lived in Ironmonger-row


, in the house of Thomas Reed, and am a dyer
; the prisoner lodged in the same room with me; I went to bed about half past nine, but he went before; I got up first, and left the things at the side of the bed, in a chair, and never saw them again; there were more lodgers in the house.


                  ANN 
                  REED
               



             sworn. - I let the prisoner the lodging on the 29th, in the same room with the prosecutor; he went to bed, but asked how we opened the door, if we were not up; my husband shewed him; I did not see him again till the Thursday afterwards, when I charged him with the robbery; he said, he did not know me; I asked him if heremembered sleeping in Ironmonger-row; he said, he knew he had slept there; I asked him how he could rob me; he said, he had not robbed me; I said it was the same thing; then he gave me a push to get by me, and he run along a passage to a yard, and he got over into the next yard; I followed him into the passage, and went into the next yard, and found him in a wash-house; the house belonged to an officer, and he was secured.


                  JOHN 
                  NOYS
               



             sworn. - I am a millwright, and live next door to Reed's; as I came out of my door in the morning of the 30th of September, I saw the prisoner in Reed's passage, about ten minutes after six, with a basket under his arm, full, and there was something laid white at the top of it; when he saw me, he turned round, and went towards the stairs; I did not see him come out.
Prisoner's defence. I never took any of the things; there were other lodgers in the house to take them, as well as me. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 64.




               Transported for seven years
            .
