





14. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  FERNANDEZ
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of October
, one hundred pounds weight of gum, value 8l. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Perkins
                     



                  , on board a schooner, called the Bilboa, of Philadelphia, on the navigable river of Thames
            .
Second Count. Laying it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Murgatroyd
                  



               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)
JOHN PERKINS sworn. - I am captain of the Bilboa schooner
, and was so on the 30th of October last; she arrived at St. Catherine's on the 19th of October, laden with gum from Senegal; the prisoner was a seaman
, and the gum was stolen from the forecastle, where he slept; when I went on board, on the 30th of October, I heard there was something improper; I went down to the forecastle, and discovered a parcel of gum in two bags, which appeared to be of the same quality with the ship's cargo; I searched the prisoner's bed, and found some; I opened his chest, and found some more, which he confessed he had taken, and said there were more concerned with him; I asked him if he had not stolen more; he said, yes, he had taken two bags the night before; the value of the gum in the bags is about eight pounds; it was brought up in their pockets in small quantities from the bulk; it might be about two of three shilling's worth at a time; I am part-owner of the ship.
WILLIAM FORSTER sworn. - I was on board the schooner on the 30th of October, and found some gum in the prisoner's chest and bed; I informed the captain.
RICHARD PERRY sworn. - I got this gum on board the Bilboa; it was delivered to me by Forster.(Produces it.)
Mr. Perkins. This is the same sort of gum as was on board my ship.
Prisoner's defence. I do not know who took it, or can I be accountable for it; I am totally unacquainted with any person in England.
GUILTY, aged 20.




               Of stealing to the value of 3s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
