





116. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of January
, two pair of sheets, value 20s. three blankets, value 20s. a counterpane, value 5s. and a pillow, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        Sarah 
                        Alstrom
                     




                  , widow
, in her dwelling-house
            .
SARAH ALSTROM sworn. - I am a widow; I keep a house in Anchor and Hope-alley, St. George's in the East


: On the 1st of this month, I found the prisoner in one of my bed-rooms, about seven in the evening, she had prepared a quantity of bed-linen in a bundle from off the beds; there were two pair of sheets, three blankets, a counterpane, and a pillow; they were lying in a heap upon the floor; I did not see her in the room; my servant did; I afterwards went up, and saw the things; I did not see her till she had got upon the stairs; the prisoner said, my servant cried thieves, and shoved her up the stairs.


                  ELEANOR 
                  AIKIN
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mrs. Alstrom: On Sunday evening, the 2d of December, I went up into the bed-room to shut the window-shutters; there was some person in the room in a drab jacket; I could not tell whether it was a man or woman; I saw the bed-cloaths on the floor; the person ran out immediately; I went back, and called thieves, and shut the stair-foot door, and kept my back against it till my mistress came; the prisoner had run down the back-stairs; when my mistress came, we found the prisoner with the drab jacket on upon the stairs that I went down; I knew the prisoner perfectly well; she lived a good while next door to us; she said there's thieves up stairs, I will catch them, I will catch them; and then my mistress sent for a patrol. -(The property was produced, and identified by Mrs. Alstrom.)
Prisoner's defence. There is a thoroughfare through this passage; the door is always left open for the sailor lodgers; when I got into the passage, the servant cried out stop thief, and they alledged it upon me; I was very much intoxicated.
GUILTY, aged 26.
Of 


               stealing goods to the value of 30s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
