






837. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     TOOTING
                  , otherwise 
COOPER





            , was indicted for that 


               she on the 3rd of October
, being in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Chapman
                        




                     
                  , feloniously did steal a watch, value 50 s. four gowns, value 2 l. 8 s. three petticoats, value 15 s. two shawls, value 4 s. a bonnet, value 5 s. a cloak, value 30 s. a silver coral, value 10 s. three pair of stockings, value 3 s. an umbrella, value 5 s. a pair of shoes, value 3 s. and two shifts, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Chapman
                     



                  ; - and having committed the said felony, about the hour of nine at night, on the same day, in the said dwelling house, burglariously did break to get out of the same
            .


                  JAMES 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I live in Pelham-street, Mile End New Town


; Mr. Dabbs is the housekeeper; I have two rooms in the house, on the ground floor: Mr. Dabbs has all the other apartments; he lives in the same house. On the third of October the prisoner lodged and worked in one of the rooms that I hired, she was to wind at a silk engine
 for my wife, she took her in; she came on the 3d. of October she went away in about seven days, I found her on the 10th. of October down at Spithead, she was on board the Christian the VII. an 80 gun ship, I found a gown of my wife's upon her back, and a pair of my wife's velvet shoes on her feet, and a cap of my wife's she had on; the boatswain brought a bundle up containing three gowns and other things, the woman and the bundle were put in a boat, the officer and I brought her on shore, she went before a magistrate, and the things were delivered to me by the magistrate, she kept the shoes that she had on her feet, and the cap she had on till she came to London.


                  ANN 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . Q. You are the wife of the last last witness. - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember 
               
                  Ann 
                  Tooting
               



             coming to your house on the 3d. of October. - A. She came in September; she went away on the 3d. of October about half past eight or nine in the evening, I and my husband and family were all in bed, she was in another room on the same floor, it was near half past eight when I went to bed, I awoke before nine and then she was gone, I missed my husband's watch that hung over my head where I slept, I got out of bed and missed all I had; all the articles mentioned in the indictment. My husband brought her from Spithead, I met my husband coming up with her in Bishopsgate-street, she then had my shoes on her feet, the things she had in the bundle are all mine, they were all in my drawers before she went away.


                  RICHARD 
                  PHILLIP CLYAMS
               



            , I am a servant to Mr. Perkins, Pawnbroker, 52, Bishopsgate-without, I have a watch pawned on the 4th of October, by a woman, I cannot say by whom.


                  DANIEL 
                  BISHOP
               



            , I am an Officer of Worship-street Office, on the 19th of October, the prisoner was brought to me at the office by the prosecutor at the time Vickery took a gown off her back and a bonnet, the prosecutor told me that the watch was pawned at Mr. Perkins's by the prisoner. I went there and told them to produce it.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, called three witnesses who gave her a good character.




               GUILTY, aged 23, of stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
