





518. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MORRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 23d of August
, a coat, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Harrison
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  HARRISON
               



             sworn. I live at No. 10, Bowling green-lane, Clerkenwell


, I am a bedstead maker
; I left my coat on a bedstead that was for sale in the shop, I lost the coat about seven o'clock in the evening, on the 23d of August; the principal witness brought the coat and the prisoner to me, and said here is the prisoner that took the coat away.


                  ROBERT 
                  GILDING
               



             sworn. I am a carpenter; on Saturday night, the 23d of August, I was just come home from my work, I was standing at my door, facing Mr. Harrison's shop, as I usually do; I saw the prisoner walk by Mr. Harrison's shop, he passed the shop and looked in, he was with another man; they went from the shop and they parted; I thought they were suspicious characters, I watched them; one went and sat down three doors from the shop, the prisoner returned back to the shop again, he put his hand into a crib bedstead for children, he did not take any thing out, he returned to his companion again, they both returned to the shop, and the prisoner at the bar took the coat out of the bedstead and ran off; I immediately left my door and followed him, I did not lose sight of him; I took him at the corner of Baker's Row, I collared him, I said, you rascal, what do you do with this coat, he had the coat under his arm; he began crying, I took the coat from him, and took him back to Mr. Harrison's shop; I gave Mr. 
               Harrison
             the coat, he said it was his.


                  ROBERT 
                  STANTON
               



             sworn. I am an officer; the prisoner acknowledged to me taking the coat after I had got him in custody.
(The coat produced and identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence. The man that was with me told me to take the coat.



               GUILTY
            , aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
