





721. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CLAP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 18th of October
, a coat, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Nowlan
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  NOWLAN
               



            . I am a soap manufacturer
, I live in Keat street, Spital fields; - on the 18th of October, about noon, my box coat was stolen from a chaise standing at the gate of my manufactory in the public street. On the following morning I saw an advertisement in the public papers, stating that a coat had been stopped upon a reputed thief; I went to the mansion house on the Saturday following: I found the coat to be my property.
Q. Had you left any person in the care of the chaise - A. It was my father's chaise; no person was in the care of the chaise.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAPWELL
               



            . I am an officer. On Tuesday October the 18th, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I meet the prisoner along with two more that I thought suspicious characters; I immediately seized the prisoner, and under his arm was a large bundle; the other two made their escape.
Q. You, I suppose, seized him because he had the bundle - A. Yes; I asked him what he had got, he told me a large box coat, he had brought it from his father in Shoreditch; I then asked him where he was going to carry it to, he said to No. 111, Lower Thames street; I asked him if he knew the gentleman's name in Thames street; he did not; I was not satisfied; I took and locked him up; I told him I would go and enquire, and if I found it was true, I would come and release him immediately; he made a jeer of me and said it is all right. I went to both Lower and Upper Thames street, I could not find any one; on the Wednesday I took him before the lord mayor, he was committed till the Saturday, and the coat was ordered to be advertised by his lordship; Mr. Nowlan came forward and proved his property before the lord mayor.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WINTER
               



            . I saw the coat taken from the chaise on Tuesday the 18th of October about one o'clock - one took it off the chaise and threw it on the other's arm; and this one was walking up Mr. Nowlan's gateway, he was one of the party.
Q. You are sure that he was one that was there A. Yes.
Q. Did you know this man before - A. No more than seeing him about the place.
Q. Then you know his person - A. Yes.
Prisoner. She said when I was up at the mansion house, that I was not one of the three.
Witness. I said I verily believed he was one.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from my mother, she lived by Shoreditch church; when I was coming up past Spital square I met a man, he asked me to carry this coat, he would give me a shilling; it was tied up in a black apron; I took out my pocket handkerchief and tied it up; coming along by Union street I met Mr. Sapwell, he asked me what I had got; I said a great coat, I was going to carry it to Thames street; he never asked me where I brought it from.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
