





917. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     MARTIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 23d of September
, twelve yards of lace, value 24 s. a shirt, value 5 s. a tablecloth, value 3 s. a handkerchief, value 1 s. a shawl, value 2 s. a silver tea spoon, value 2 s. two waistcoats, value 3 s. three pair of stockings, value 3 s. and an iron key, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Horner
                  




               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Alley.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HORNER
               



            . I live in Goswell-street road


, I keep an haberdasher's shop
, the prisoner had been in my service about four or five months. I missed the different articles stated in the indictment; I missed the key of the till about six or seven weeks before she was apprehended; I made enquiry of every one in the house about the key of the till and could find nothing of it. On the 23rd of September I called the prisoner up into the parlour, I asked where my things were, she said they were in the clothes bag, I asked her why she said so, she said she could not tell; she seemed very much confused, then said she hoped it was no harm, she had taken them to the washerwoman; she said she would fetch them home in half an hour, if I would allow her to do it.
Q. In consequence of what passed you at last sent for an officer - A. I did; she was searched, I saw thirty-five duplicates found, they were fixed in her bosom by a hook on each side; these duplicates led me to dicover some part of my property. The key of the till was found in her pocket; she prayed to be forgiven, she had not done any thing of the kind before.
Mr. Knapp. Have you any partner - A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . I am an officer. I searched the prisoner by force, I found the key of the till, and under her breasts I found these two little hooks, one under each breast; they supported the breasts.


                  THOMAS 
                  COLLIS STEVENS
               



            . I produce a tea spoon pledged in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Martin
               



            , 15th of August, a tablecloth for three shillings in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Jones
               



            , two waistcoats on the 12th of August, in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Jones
               



            ; I believe the prisoner pawned them; there were three sisters who were in the habit of using the shop; it is impossible for me to say from whom I took them in.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. The key that they took out of my pocket I have had above three years. I never heard of a key being lost while I was at my master's house.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
