





745. 
               
                  BENJAMIN 
                  WOLFE, alias, 
BROWN





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 6th of September
, nine pair of stockings, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     West
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  WEST
               



            . I am a hosier

opposite Whitechapel church


. On the 6th of September the prisoner came to my shop, he asked to look at some stockings; he looked out six pair of men's plain, at five shillings and six pence, one pair of ribbed, four shillings and sixpence, one pair of narrow, four shillings, a pair of broad laced clocks, six shillings; all together came to two pounds seven shillings and sixpence; he then said that he had taken a baker's shop in Red Lion-street, and was going to open it a butcher's shop; his name was Brown; he desired me to send them there; my wife called the servant girl to take them, and to see that she had nine pair of stockings put up in the paper, and particular charge not to leave them with any, one without the money. In a short time after she followed and had only time to say follow me, I followed her, she went into Mr. Kemps, the Red Lion, the corner of Red Lion-street; Mr. Kemp, the landlord, met me in the passage, and told me how near I had been of losing my property, that the prisoner had enclosed in a paper a hand bill, and had given it to my servant as a bank note; I asked where the man was, Mr. Kemp told me in his back parlour; I found him there and sent for an officer and gave charge of him.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MORLAND
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. West, I was sent with these stockings, I met with the prisoner about midway from our house to Red Lion-street; the prisoner said, my dear, your mistress has given you a wrong direction; I said yes, she has, I have been seeking for you some time; he said, I will direct you right. At Red Lion-street he took the stockings out of my hand, put his hand on my shoulder, said you stop there, I will bring the money directly. He went in the Red Lion public house and shut the door after him; I stopped out half a minute, I then advanced into Mr. Kemps passage, he was about four or five yards off, he instantly called for pen and ink; he brought me a little note wafered up, he said there my dear, give that to your mistress, there is a two pound note; I said they came to two pound seven shillings and sixpence; he said then, I mean there is a three pound note in there; I said very well, and out I came. I went into the next door, the hair dressers, I said see if I am right, and shewed the paper; he said itwas not worth a farthing, it was nothing but a lottery bill; I told him to come with me, if not I should lose all my master's property. The hair dresser came with me; I went into Mr. Kemp's front door, I met the prisoner coming out with the stockings in a handkerchief, I asked him what he meaned by giving me nothing but a lottery bill for them stockings; he directly snatched the paper out of my hand, tore the cover, and throwed it down in the room, and put the contents in his pocket.


                  GEORGE 
                  BROOK
               



            . I am an hair dresser. The young woman came to me and opened a paper, it contained a lottery bill, she asked me to see whether it contained three pound, I told her it was not worth a farthing. I went with her to Mr. Kemps, we went in at the front door, the prisoner was coming out, I asked him where he was going; he said to Mrs. West to pay for the stockings; the servant held the paper in her hand which she had of him, he took the paper from her hand and put the contents in his pocket. Mr. Kemp, the landlord, heard the disturbance, and came to know what was the matter, I told him; then I told the prisoner if he wished to save himself any further trouble, if he chose to pay for the stockings well and good; he said he had not sufficient money for that purpose; he was going to pay for seven pair and return two; I told him that he had better now pay for the seven pair and return the two to the girl; he then said he had not the money; I then asked how he could say he was going to pay Mrs. West and had not sufficient money to pay for them.
Prisoner. This man came into Mr. Kemps, he seized me immediately, he applied to Mr. Kemp to seize me likewise; he asked me if I meaned to pay for the stockings, I said I did.


                  EDWARD 
                  KEMP
               



            . I keep the Red Lion public house in Whitechapel. The prisoner came in my house about five o'clock and ordered a pint of ale; Mr. West's maid servant came in and asked if a man was there; he was in the kitchen; he came out immediately to her; he asked for pen and ink, he wrote, or pretended to write, and then sealed the lottery bill in a piece of paper, gave it to the servant, said it was a two pound note, and then afterwards it was a three pound note, and that he would call upon the mistress for change. In a few minutes after I heard the maid servant and the last witness in the tap room talking to the prisoner, I was in the bar; thinking that he was going to swindle the young woman I came out of the bar and sent for an officer; I ordered the front door to be shut by reason of the mob; he tried to make his escape from me at the side door; he could not. I took him into the back parlour soon after Mr. West came, he identified the stockings; Mr. Griffiths the officer came and searched him, he found a dozen duplicates on him which proved to be property that he had taken this way. This is the paper that he put in his pocket.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I searched the prisoner in the parlour, these witnesses were all with me; in his pocket were three or four shillings, I gave it him, it was all the money he had about him. I found twelve duplicates which led to other property; these stockings were produced to me there in the parlour.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I called at Mrs. West's this day three weeks on purpose to buy some stockings for my wife and myself; I requested Mrs. West to send them to Mrs. Kemp's and I would pay for them; Mrs. West sent the servant, I took the stockings from her into Mr. Kemp's house, I told the servant there was one pair that Mrs. West charged six shillings and sixpence I should not have; I should take a few of them and call and pay for the same and return that one pair; a little time after the servant came in the room with one of the witnesses; he called Mr. Kemp to aid and assist him; they dragged me into the back room and sent for an officer, he searched me and took away duplicates of my own private property. I did not intend to defraud or rob them out of the money, my whole and sole intention was to return to Mrs. West and pay her for the stockings I had purchased of her.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
