





104. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     O'CONNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 18th of December
, three pair of boots, value 3 l. and five pair of shoes, value 1 l. 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Nutley
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  NUTLEY
               



             sworn. I live in Great Newport-street, Long Acre, in the parish of St. Martin


; I am a boot and shoemaker
.
Q. Was the prisoner at the bar in your employ at that time? - A. He was my cheker, as they term the shopman
.
Q. Did you at any time search his lodgings to find any of your property there? - A. In the beginning of September last I had occasion of going into the country; he then had the care of my business and property; that was the time he took my property. A little before Christmas last I catched him stealing some leather; I searched his lodgings on the 28th of December last, I found a new pair of boots there, the prisoner was present, and I had two officers with me; the officers have the boots (the boots produced); this is the pair of boots I found in the room, he had rubbed out the gentleman's name (I had wrote upon them) with vitriol, but when I ripped the morocco lining at the top, I saw there the name of Wilson; they were returned by Mr. Wilson in the year 1804, and they were in my shop till the time the prisoner took them; I always put the name on the front and back privately, they are my boots.


                  GEORGE 
                  DONALDSON
               



             sworn. I am an officer; I was with Mr. Nutley when these boots were found, the prisoner told me that he had them made for him; I asked him where the man lived that made them for him, he refused to tell me.


                  JOHN 
                  COUSENS
               



             sworn. I am a shoemaker; I brought two pair of boots of the prisoner, and five pair of shoes, there was one pair that they supposed to be theirs, I sold them afterwards to Mr. Wilson, a shoemaker, opposite St. Andrew's church, Holborn.
- WILSON sworn. Q. Do you remember buying any shoes or boots of Cousens? - A. I do; I believe Cousens remembers the circumstance better than I do.
Q. (to Cousens) Look at them boots? - A. They are the boots that I bought of the prisoner, the name had been taken out by vitriol
Prosecutor. They are my boots, this pair I had in my shop for three years, they were made for Mr. Masters.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POWEL
               



             sworn. I am apprentice to Mr. Nutley; about the middle of September, the prisoner at the bar cut these boots shorter, and got them bound in the shop.
Q. How do you know that? - A. By a mark that my master's son shewed me, and there was nobody else there to cut them, I saw him give them to my master's daughter to bind.
Q. You did not see him cut them? - A. No, I know they are the same boots by a cut in skiving them thin for the binder before they were bound.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witness to character.
GUILTY, aged 25.




               Of stealing the goods, but not in the dwelling house.
            





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
