





525. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JENNINGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 10th of July
, two guineas, fourteen half guineas, and a bank note, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Higgins
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HIGGINS
               



            . I am a labouring man
, I live at Woolwich; I came up last Saturday week, in the morning from Woolwich; I brought a bundle to a friend of mine, and this money, nine guineas in gold and a bank note.
Q. Where did you meet with the prisoner - A. In Field lane


; two other men and me went into the White Bear to have a pot of beer; the prisoner was there; so we stopped there while we were taking five or six pots of beer, these men and I.
Q. How many were there of you that drank this five or six pots of beer - A. Four of us. After nine o'clock I was for coming out; she saw me take the money out in the public house, because I was sitting by the side of her, on the table, she was sitting on a stool; when I came out she followed me, took hold of my arm and took me to another public house; I do not know where it was; we went into the public house to take a pot of beer together; I was a little fatigued coming off the road, I went to sleep, because I had been up the night before; I laid my head on the table and felt her take the purse out of my pocket.
Q. You were asleep - A. No; I felt her take the money out of my pocket; then she made off, and I followed her; I did not see her till Monday morning, when she was taken.
Q. You was not very sober - A. I was not, but I knew what she was doing; I was not drunk; I am sure I felt her take the purse out of my pocket.
Q. Why did not you lay hold of her - A. That was more than I could do.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  SULLIVAN
               



            . The prosecutor was in the public house from four o'clock till nine o'clock; he had the money out of his pocket; the publican told him to put it into his pocket; this woman came up to him and led him away; I knew the man to have the money when he went out of the public house, and she led him away.


                  JOHN 
                  CONNOR
               



            . He came up with my bundle, what he did with my money I cannot say. On Monday he told me he had a woman in company with him; I do not know any thing of her; she said they got the things out of pawn with it.
Prisoner's Defence. I went into the public house, and there was my prosecutor; there was thirty Irish people fighting in George alley, fighting one against the other.I took a glass of gin of him: he took a glass of gin and bitters; he went to George alley. So help me God I know no more about it than you do.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
