





280. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BOOTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of March
, a silver watch, value 2 l. a chain, value 6 d. and a seal, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Solomon 
                     Akroyd
                  




               
            .


                  SOLOMON 
                  AKROYD
               



            . I am a carpenter
, I live at No. 10, Duke street, Blackfriars-bridge. On Saturday night the 27th of March, about half after twelve, I was turning Fleet street going towards Blackfriars bridge


, the prisoner met me; she asked me for some money; I had nothing but three halfpence, I gave her that for fear she should put her hand and take my watch; I told her I wanted to go home; she attempted to take the watch twice.
Q. Were you sober. - A. I was a little in liquor. I knew that she took the watch from me, and gave it to a man; the man stabbed me under the right side at the time she gave him the watch.
Q. Did you go any where with her. - A. No, she followed me.
Q. How did she get your watch. - A. She lowered the flap of my breeches to take out the watch.
Q. A chain or a string to your watch. - A. A chain.

Q. 
            Why did not you put the chain of your watch in, that she might not lay hold of it. - A. I had not such a thought.
Q. What did the man stab you with. - A. With a knife at the end of a stick; I kept fast hold of the prisoner, and took her to the watchhouse; the man went away after he got the watch, I never saw him afterwards; I never saw the man before he came up to me, and asked me what business I had with the woman.
Q. Was she sober. - A. Yes; I believe she was.
Q. What kind of a stab was it. - A. Just by the hip.
Q. You had not been any where with this woman. - A. No.
Q. How far did she walk with you. - A. Right across Bridge street; when she took my watch, I said to her you have got my watch, you shall not go till you give me my watch; then she gave the man the watch.


                  JOHN 
                  BOLLARD
               



            . I am a constable; the prosecutor brought this woman into the watchhouse, about two o'clock in the morning; he charged her with robbing him of his watch; I searched her, and found nothing on her; nor did he at the time mention any thing about the stab at the watchhouse, although he was about twenty minutes in the watch-house; he told me that he saw the watch go from her to the man.
Q. You know nothing about the stab. - A. On Monday he told me of it, and shewed it me; it was not deep, it was upon the hip bone, about the eighth of an inch.
Q. Was the man sober. - A. He was rather the worse for liquor.
Q. to prosecutor. It was two o'clock instead of half past twelve. - A. I did not know it, he told me before I had made a mistake of the time.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going home at one o'clock in the morning, I live over the water; I was crossing from Union street, I saw that man and two men with him; he wished me good night; he laid hold of me and gave me three halfpence to take a liberty with me; then he said I had taken his watch. I am innocent of it, he was very much in liquor.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            ,
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
