





54. 
               
                  
                     CORNELIUS 
                     NEALE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 13th of November
, an iron pestle, value 1 s. and an iron mortar, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Bishop
                  




               
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  BISHOP
               



             sworn. I am a broker
, I live at No. 23, Windmill-street, Tottenham-court Road


.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. Yes. On Wednesday the 13th of November, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I saw him lurking about my door, I went in with some things, my son was assisting me; I heard a noise of something drop, my son ran out, and saw the prisoner take away this pestle and mortar, he pursued the prisoner, and I followed after, he threw the pestle and mortar at my son when he came to the corner of Windmill-street. He was stopped in Bedford-street by a man, the pestle and mortar were found in the channel by the people.
Q. Did you come up and see them? - A. Yes, my son came up and saw them in possession of the tallow-chandler's-shop people.
Q. Do you know any thing of the lad? - A. I never saw him before to my knowledge.
Q. Did he say any thing when you overtook him? - A. No.
Q. What is the value of the pestle and mortar? - A. Two shillings and sixpence.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  BISHOP
               



            , jun. sworn. Q. You are the son of the last witness? - A. Yes. I was helping my father in with a few things, I came out before my father, having heard a noise, I saw this lad take the pestle and mortar from off the window.
Q. You mean the lad now at the bar? - A. Yes, he ran to the corner of the street to the tallow-chandlers, I was following of him, he chucked the things at me.
Q. Where did you overtake him? - A. In Bedford-street, there he turned round to fight me; then he went down the Mews, I went after him, and a gentleman stopped him at the bottom of the Mews till my father came up to him.
Q. Did you see the pestle and mortar afterwards? - A. I did, at Mr. Anderson's, a tallow-chandler, the corner of Windmill-street, they delivered them to me.
Q. Do you know that the pestle and mortar, which he delivered to you, was the same pestle and mortar that was in your father's window? - A. Yes.
Q. You did not know the lad before? - A. No. I am sure he is the lad that took the pestle and mortar, I never lost sight of him.


                  CHARLES 
                  CHINERY
               



             sworn. I produce the pestle and mortar.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witness to character.



               GUILTY
             - aged 10.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
