





156. 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     ANDREWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 30th of December
, two beds, value 10 s. five blankets, value 10 s. seven sheets, value 10 s. and one bolster, value 1 s.
             the property of the 
               
Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the House of Poor, commonly called St. Bartholomew's Hospital








            , near West Smithfield, London, of the foundation of King 
               Henry
             the VIIIth.
The case was stated by Mr. Alley


                  ROBERT 
                  STANTON
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton Garden office.
Q. In consequence of any information that you received did you go to a house in Gee-street. - A. On the 30th of December I went with a search warrant to a house in Gee-street, Goswell-street, No. 24, kept by a person of the name of Rice; I was accompanied by 
               
                  Richard 
                  Payter
               



            . I searched the attic story; there I found two beds belonging to the hospital; a bolster, three new blankets and a pair of old ones, and one sheet, they were laying loose in the room on the floor. We found a box, which was fastened, in the same room; I broke it open, containing two pair of new sheets and one pair of old ones. Mr. Rice was with me at that time.
Q. In consequence of what he said did you go down stairs. - A. I did. I found the prisoner concealed in a coal hole; when I got a light he was doubled up all of a heap under the the stair case. I was looking for 
               
                  Ann 
                  Hutchinson
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner by private information.


                  JAMES 
                  RICE
               



            . Q. Do you live at No. 24, Gee-street, Goswell-street. - A. I do.
Q. Was the prisoner at the bar in the habit of coming to your house. - A. Yes, he did some smith's work for me.
Q.There was some property found by the officer in the attic story of your house; who brought it there. - A. I do not know who brought it there; I did not know that there was any property there till I saw something in the corner of the room.
Court. Can you tell when that property that you saw laid up in the corner came. - A. No. On the 17th 
               
                  Ann 
                  Hutchinson
               



             was to come to sleep there for a night or two. It was impossible for her to have the room, I could not spare it.

Q. You say you saw something lay in the corner of that room; how long was that before the officer came to search the house. - A. About three days.
Q. Was not this man in the house at the time the officer came. - A. I believe he was. I thought he was come to do his work.
Q. Does he work in the coal hole. - A. No, upon the one pair.
JANE HAINES. - Mr. Alley. On the 30th of December you were head nurse at Jones's ward in St. Bartholomew's hospital; do you know the beds. - A. Yes. One is my own making; I made one part with single thread and the other with double thread. I made it while I was a patient. I am positive it is the same bed; that bed was for the use of the patients if they wanted a bed.

Q. Ann Hutchinson
            , whom we have not found, belonged to Aldridge's ward. - A. Yes.
Q. Had you an opportunity of seeing her and the prisoner together. - A. Frequently.
Q. How far from your ward was Aldridge's ward. - A. One is on the right hand side and the other is on the left; they are oppossite. I am sure that bed is the property of the hospital.
Q. Do you know whether 
               
                  Ann 
                  Hutchinson
               



             had any bed there. - A. Not to my knowledge. When the carman came I helped her and the prisoner helped her. The sister had this bed in her room; it was under her bed; she slept on three beds - they were all three the property of the hospital I am sure.
Court. Have you ever seen the sheets and blankets that have been produced. - A. Yes; the sheets and blankets are the hospital property.
Q. When was it she moved. - A. Eight days before Christmas.


                  JANE 
                  ARCHER
               



            . - Mr. Alley. On the 17th of December you were a patient in St. Bartholomew's hospital. - A. Yes.
Q. There has been a bed produced worked with yellow silk; have you seen that bed before in the hospital. - A. Yes. I saw it in Mrs. Hutchinson's ward; it a flock bed belonging to the hospital; the other bed worked with brown I saw made in the hospital three weeks after I was in the hospital - it was kept in Mrs. Hutchinson's ward.
Q. Do you know the prisoner. - A. Perfectly well; he was a watchman of the hospital. He breakfasted, dined, and had his tea with Mrs. Hutchinson for five weeks, and his supper was sent to the gate every night. I did not know but that he was Mrs. Hutchinson's husband till his wife came to make a piece of work.
Q. Did you see either of these beds taken out of the hospital - A. I did not. I saw sister Hutchinson carrying one of the beds into her own room in Aldridge's ward.
Q. Did you see the prisoner on the Tuesday evening as she left the ward on the Thursday. - A. The prisoner was there on the Tuesday evening as she left the ward on the Thursday; and then the ward was put in darkness. - At the time that Mrs, Hutchinson ordered the ward to be in darkness, the prisoner and a young man were in sister Hutchinson's room; sister Hutchinson went out into the lobby, she said now all is safe - come along. - The prisoner and the young man that was there, assisted in carrying two or three bundles.
Q. You cannot tell what it was they carried. - A. No.


                  MARY 
                  EVANS
               



            . - Mr. Alley. You were a patient at the time we have been speaking of. - A. Yes, and I am now. I was employed to make a bed in the ward about a month or six weeks before Mrs. Hutchinson went from the hospital.
Court. Look at one of these two beds. - A. To the best of knowledge one of these beds I made by the order of Mrs. Hutchinson, for the hospital. I had seen the prisoner come backwards and forwards to Mrs. Hutchinson several times.


                  ANN 
                  ROSE
               



            . - Mr. Alley. Were you a patient in the hospital at the time we have been speaking of. - A. I have been in there ten weeks to-day.
Q. On the day we have been speaking of did you see the prisoner carry any thing away from the hospital. - A. About a fortnight before Mrs. Hutchinson left the hospital, one night, about seven o'clock, sister Hutchinson tied up one bed and two sheets, and about eight or nine o'clock the prisoner took them away; he was in the room and saw her tie them up; he took them out of the ward. Where he took them to I cannot say; I have often seen the prisoner in the ward, day and night; he would come in in the night and put coals on the fire, and come in again and stir the fire.
Mr. Curwood. I believe you saw the goods taken away. - A. No, I heard the cart was at the door; I was not able to get out of bed.
Q. She must know they were hospital beds, the prisoner might not know. - A. No.
Court. Did you ever know any other watchman but him come within side of the building of the hospital. - A. No, I have not, it is a ward for women.


                  JAMES 
                  BRAY
               



            . - Mr. Alley. You are a box carrier and watchman to the hospital; the prisoner had also been a watchman some time. - A. Yes, he had been there for two years.
Q. On the night these things were taken from the hospital, did you see the prisoner with the cart. - A. Yes, between six and seven; it was dark.
Q. Did he assist in loading the things in the cart. - A. He did. My duty called me at seven o'clock; I did not follow the cart.
Q. Do the watchman go inside of the ward. - A. Only me. I take care of all casualties from seven o'clock. I have an apartment inside of the hospital, the prisoner had no business in the hospital; his duty did not lay inside of the square where the patients were; he had the care of the apothecary's house, the matron's, the clerk's and Mr. Abernethy's; the prisoner was discharged from his post for being in connection with this woman; he was found in the act. I found him myself in the act.

Q. Ann Hutchinson
             has not been heard of since. - A. No.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. The reason why I hid myself when I was at work at Mr. Rice's, was, the day before my wife and I had a few words; she is given to drinking, and she struck me and I struck her. She said that she would send the Hatton Garden officers after me. When I heard the Hatton Garden officers was in the house, I was afraid. I was there finishing some wheels. 
               
                  Ann 
                  Hutchinson
               



             employed me to hire a cart for her,she was to give me two shillings for assisting her; I hired the cart and, she gave me three shillings to pay the carter.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            . Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
