






575. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HAGGIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILD
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of May
, a coat, value 30s. a pair of breeches, value 15s. and a pair of stockings, value 3s. the property of 
                     
                        Daniel 
                        Fitzpatrick
                     



                  ; and a silver watch, value 5l. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Murray
                     



                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Daniel 
                        Fitzpatrick
                     



.
CATHARINE FITZPATRICK sworn. - I live in Wapping-street


; the prisoners lodged with me: On the 26th of May, Haggis came to me for the key of the door to get his victuals; I gave it him; I followed him home for the key, thinking he would not lock the door; I went in, and found some things that I left in a sea-chest upon the floor in the lower room; there was a silver watch in it belonging to Murray, and my husband's cloaths; I had seen them all safe in the morning, and some of the prisoners' cloaths were in my care along with them; I went to the chest, not suspecting any thing was gone, but on opening it missed the things.


                  MOSES 
                  MOSES
               



             sworn. - I am headborough of the parish of St. George; my back window looks out fronting the prosecutor's house. On Friday the 26th of May, I heard a noise, and heard the prosecutrix say, she had been robbed; I saw Wild come out of the door, and almost at the same time I saw the other prisoner's head out of the window up stairs; Wild walked away, and the prosecutrix pursued him; I went up stairs, and found Haggis hid in a closet; I brought him into the street, where I found Wild, who was taken; I asked them what they had done with the things; Haggis said, if I would go with them, he would produce them; he took me to the closet, and delivered me this bag and watch.(Produces them.)(The watch and cloaths identified.)
Haggis's defence. My landlord gave me liberty to try the cloaths, as I intended to buy them; I went home soon that day, and the chest was left open for the purpose of trying them on; in trying them, I found the watch in the pocket.

Wild's defence. I know nothing of it.
Haggis, GUILTY, aged 16,
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Wild, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
