





585. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  LEFEVRE
               




             was indicted for 


               making an assault in the King's highway, upon 
                     
                        John 
                        Scott
                     




                  , on the 4th of July
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person a watch, value 30s. a chain, value 6d. two seals, value 2s. a watch-key, value 1d. and a trinket, value 1d.
             the property of the said John.
JOHN SCOTT sworn. - I am a labourer
 in the East-India warehouses in Haydon-square: On Monday evening last, coming from my club-house in Aldersgate-street, in returning home to Spitalfields, just at the bottom of Sun-street, coming into Bishopsgate-street, I was taken with a violent pain across my temples; I said, Lord have mercy upon me, what can this mean; I found I could not walk, and I sat down upon the step of a linen-draper's door in Bishopsgate-street


; the prisoner came up, and said, what is the matter with you, master; I said, I have a violent pain that has caused a giddiness in my head; he immediately asked me where I lived; I told him in Red Lion-street, close by Spital-fields church; he said, shall I go with you, and see you home; I said, no, I hope I shall be better in a minutes or two, I don't require it; he said, what would I give him; I said, I had no money about me, I could not give him any thing; says he, feel in your pocket, you have got money.
Q. What time was it? - A. Better than half past twelve o'clock at night, as near as I can tell the time; I felt in my pocket, and found a penny-piece; he said, give me that; I said, no, I have no other money about me, and I cannot give you that; but I said, I am a watchman in Bishopsgate-street, opposite the London Tavern door, and whatever man was upon duty for me, I could get three-pence or four-pence for his civility in offering to see me home, and he walked with me; I met with the officer of the night, Mr. Bailey; he asked me why I was not on my duty, and I told him I was going to my stand; I did not come from the society time enough to go to my duty; when we came up to Mr. Pinder's door, opposite the London Tavern, the watchman, who was on duty for me, had called the hour of one o'clock; the prisoner then jumped towards me, and said, d-n you, sir, you have got money; he laid hold of my watch-chain, jirked it out, and set off directly with it; I immediately called out, stop thief, and pursued him.
Q.Had the watch any seals? - A. Yes, a watch-key, and a little trinket; it was so violently pulled from me in a moment, that I could not make any resistance; I had not time, he pushed up against me.
Q.What did he do to you? - A.Nothing further than laying hold of the watch with both of his hands, and I pursued him.
Q.Did he lay hands upon you at all? - A.He pushed his body against me at the moment that he got the watch; he pushed me against the gate; the watch-box stands within side the gate; I pursued him into St. Mary Axe; he was brought back about seven or eight minutes afterwards, and taken to Leadenhall watch-house; I saw him in Lime-street, he was then in custody of the watchman; I know he is the man that robbed me; I know him by his having on a dark brownish great-coat, and he was a pock-fretten man; I am sure he is the same man.
Q. How long were you at the club that evening? - A.About half an hour.
Q.What did you drink while you were in the club-house? - A. I did not drink any thing there; we returned from the club-house to the Coach and Horses, and spent six-penny worth; I was taken in the same way about six or eight weeks before, when I had had no liquor.
Q.What had you been drinking? - A.Nothing but porter; there were eight of us, and we spent fifteen-pence among us, that was all; I saw my watch at the Lord-Mayor's the same day; I knew it to be mine; it is an old-fashioned watch, with two seals to it, a key, and a trinket; one seal had a head upon it; the key was a metal key; I shall know it when I see it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q.Are you able to swear to this person from his being pock-fretten? - A. I can swear to him by a thousand things.
Q. It was club-night? - A. Yes; I got there about half an hour before ten.
Q.Was it your duty to have been upon the watch that night? - A. I go every night, except I am engaged.

Q.Was it your duty to have been upon the watch that night? - A. I am not compelled any night, when I have other business that I can do.
Q.Where did you meet in your club? - A. No. 129, Whitecross-street; there were fourteen or fifteen hundred; it is the British Assurance Society.
Q. How many might then meet? - A.There were a hundred there for any thing I know, but while I was there, there were only eight of us.
Q. You adjourned to where? - A.The Coach and Horses.
Q. What time did you get there? - A.About ten o'clock.
Q. Don't you know that is a night-house? - A. I don't know; I never visit night-houses.
Q.How much did you drink? - A. I did not measure it.
Q. How much did you drink? - A. I suppose I drank my share.
Q. It might be a warm night, and you might drink a little more? - A. No, I am no great drinker.
Q. You had a dizziness upon you? - A. Yes; it comes exactly like the shock of an apoplectic fi.
Q.While that is upon you, you don't at all know what you are about? - A. I could not.
Q. How long have you been a watchman? - A. Three or four years.
Q.Have you ever been a witness here before? - A. No; I wish I had not come here now.
Q. Did you ever hear of a forty pounds reward? - A. I never enquired about it.
Q.Have you ever heard of it? - A.There are very few people but what have heard of it, I believe.
Q. You lost a seal with a head on it? - A. Yes.
Q.What head is it? - A. I don't know; it is an engraved head.
Q.Whether it is Buonaparte, or Cicero, you don't know? - A. No.
Q. The watch-key, you don't mean to swear was a key of mixed metal? - A. It is a watchkey, I cannot say exactly.
Q. Do you mean to say you could distinguish that from any other key? - A. I cannot say.
Q.And a trinket, with a lover's knot upon it? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you ever see such a thing before? - A. I do not know.
Q. Have you always been a watchman in Bishopsgate? - A. No.
Q.Were you ever a watchman in Aldgate parish? - A. Yes.
Q. How came you to leave Aldgate parish? - A. I committed an error, in asking for a Christmas box.
Q. Upon your oath were you not discharged from the Aldgate beat on account of drunkenness? - A. No, it was on the boxing-day.
Q.Were you sober? - A. I cannot say I was.
RICHARD WOOD sworn. - I am a watchman belonging to St. Mary Axe: About a quarter past one, on Tuesday morning last, I heard a cry of stop thief, and I jumped out of my box, and met the prisoner at the bar; I made a push at him to catch him; he ran on the other side of the way; I made an attempt to lay hold of him, and missed him; when he got about twenty yards, I struck at him with a stick, and missed him; I pursued him, and law our patrol coming out of the Saracen's Head yard, in Camomile-street; the prisoner ran across the street; a gentleman and the patrol ran up to him; I saw him fall down; he was taken to the watch-house, and searched, but the watch was not found upon him; it was found upon the grating of a cellar at the last house in Camomile-street, the left-hand side; the prisoner fell upon the grating; he had a watch in his pocket.
Q.When did you see the prosecutor? - A. I saw him in St. Mary Axe; after we had taken the prisoner, he said he had lost his watch, and went with us to the watch-house; he saw the man searched there; he said the prisoner was the man that robbed him of the watch; the prisoner did not make any answer, to the best of my knowledge.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. The watch that was taken from the prisoner's person was not the prosecutor's? - A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  HICKES
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I was on duty at the watch-house: On Tuesday morning, about half past one o'clock, the prisoner was brought into the watch-house; I asked who gave charge, and they told me, John Scott; I did not see the prosecutor's watch at all; I found upon him a very capital watch.


                  FRANCIS 
                  BAILEY
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, and overlooker of the watch: On Tuesday morning, I saw the prosecutor going towards the Marine Society, near the London Tavern, with another man; I cannot swear to his face; I called him to account for not being on duty; the man and he went towards the London Tavern; Hickes was going to put them both in the Compter, but when Scott told him they belonged to me, he put the prisoner in the Compter; he brought Scott to me, and I answered for his appearance in the morning; about a quarter past three, a wathcman came to me, who is not here, and told me he had seen a watch down the grating; I went and saw it; the house belonged to Mr. Moore, a linen-draper; I rung the bell, and the man went down and brought up the watch without the case; I took it before the Lord-Mayor, and the case was afterwards produced. (Produces the watch.)
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. The personwho was with the prosecutor you dont know? - A. No.
Q. The information of the watch being in the area, you had from a watchman who is not here? - A. Yes.
Q. The gentleman to whom the area belonged did not appear before the Lord-Mayor? - A. No.
Q. Who produced the watch before the Lord-Mayor? - A. I did, without the case.
Q.Who produced it to you? - A. The servant.
Q. He is not here? - A. No.
Q. The prosecutor was in such a situation, that Hickes was about to take him into custody too? - A. Yes.(The watch was identified by the prosecutor.)
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called eight witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 22,
Of 


               stealing, but not violently from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
