





380. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BERRINGER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of April
, fifty pound weight of lead, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward Russel 
                           How
                        



                     
                  , esq
. sir


                           James Sibbald  
                           Russel
                        



                     
                  , bart. 
                     
                        
                           Charles William 
                           Bigg
                        



                     
                  , esq
. affixed to a certain building called a warehouse
            .
And several other counts for like offence, laying it to be the property of other persons.
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.


                  HARGREAVE 
                  HANSON
               



            . I believe your father's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Hanson
               



            , he is the lessee of Spital Fields market


. - A. Yes.
Q. Who are Mr. 
               
                  Russel 
                  How
               



            , sir 
               
                  James 
                  Sibbald Russel
               



            , and 
               
                  Charles 
                  Williams
               



            , esq. - A. They are the proprietor


s. 
               
                  William 
                  Hudson
               



             is the tenant.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . Q. You are one of the officers of Worship-street. - A. I am. On Saturday the 25th of April I was out with Vickery and Mason. About two o'clock in the morning I was at the corner of a place that goes into Wheeler-street, Spital Fields; I heard the footsteps of some people; I stooped down and had my eye to the corner of Wheeler-street; in a minute or two I catched hold of the prisoner by the lower part of his body; at that time this piece of lead fell from him between him and me. I kept by the lead, and kept hold of the prisoner; he was very much alarmed at my catching hold of him. As soon as he came to speak, I said what did you drop the lead for; he said he had it not. I instantly, when the other officers came up, turned him round to let them see the dirt marks that were on his clothes; the prisoner was secured, and the lead was advertised, and on Tuesday the 5th of May this piece of lead was produced at the office by Mr. Walker, a plumber; I then produced this piece of lead, and it tallied with the other.


                  GEORGE 
                  WALKER
               



            . Q. Are you a plumber. - A. I am an apprentice to a plumber.
Q. In consequence of some information that some lead was missing did you go to the place. - A. Yes, last Tuesday fortnight; I found the lead was gone. I took a piece of lead that remained on the building, and took it to the office, and matched it to the other piece; it fitted exactly.
Q. What is the value of that - A. About ten shillings.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
