





671. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HANGAN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of August
, two waistcoats, value 18s. a pair of breeches, value 20s. and a pair of stockings, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Pritchard
               




            .


                  FRANCES 
                  HUNT
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 47, Pennington-street, Ratchiff-highway


, my husband's name is John Himt, a cooper; the prisoner came and asked for a lodging, on the 29th of July; I shewed him one, and asked him where I could get his character; he said, he had been but two days in London, and had slept at a public house; he staid with us till the 2d. of August, when about eleven or twelve, he asked me for a pen and ink, which I gave him; I was up stairs just before, and saw the young man's clothes in the room, who lodged in the same room; Pritchard came in after Hangan was gone, and said, he had lost his things; I am sure the prisoner was the only person who had been in the room; there were two waistcoats, a pair of breeches, one shirt, two handkerchiefs, and two pair of stockings; he went from his lodging, and never returned; he was found at Hackney.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  PRITCHARD
               



             sworn. - I am a journeyman-bricklayer
, and lodged with Mrs. Hunt, the prisoner lodged with me in the same room; I went out and left my things in the room; I returned between eleven and twelve, or thereabouts, and found the things missing; we searched his lodgings at Ilford, and found an old handkerchief, which is mine, but nothing else. (The handkerchief was identified.)
Prisoner's defence. I am innocent, the handkerchief is mine. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
