





503. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  ROBINS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of June
, two doe slops, value 18s. eighteen pair of gloves unsewed, value 10s. and a pair of breeches, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lingham
               




            .


                  THOMAS 
                  LINGHAM
               



             sworn. - I am a breeches-maker
, in the Strand, the prisoner was in my employ; In consequence of information, I went to the house where the prisoner lodged, where I found some duplicates which led to the property in the indictment; he had worked for me about three months.
- PRITCHARD sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, in Short's-gardens, (produces two pair of breeches;) I took them in of a woman, who said her name was Robins; I never saw the prisoner, till I saw him at Bow-street; I saw his wife there, and knew her to be the same woman that had pledged these articles. (The examination of the prisoner produced.)
Mr. Lingham. I saw the prisoner sign this, it was quite voluntary, (it is read;) the prisoner, 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Robins
               



            , says, he purchased the two pair of breeches now produced, for one pound, three shillings, and sixpence, of a man who looked like a gentleman's servant, but he cannot tell who the man is, or what is his name, and that he sent Lucy Robins, his wife, to pawn them.


                  MICHAEL 
                  CROWAN
               



             sworn. - I made these leather-breeches, they were brought to me to make by the prisoner, he told me they were for a customer, (produces eighteen pair of gloves, unsewed;) the prisoner employed me to get these gloves made; Mr. Lingham has had them in his possession.
Mr. Lingham. The leather breeches are called in the indictment, doe slops, that is the name they are known by in the trade; I know these to be mine, we stamped every skin we had with a stamp I have in my hand; the gloves are stamped in the same way; I know the nankeens by the particular way in which we have them made; we have an exclusive right of making them so by patent.
Q. Have you never sold any leather? - A. No.
For the Prisoner.


                  ANN 
                  GRACE
               



             sworn. - I have lived with Mrs. Robins since her husband has been in trouble; I was there drinking tea with Mrs. Robins, the week before Easter, when a man came in and asked Mr. Robins if he would buy some leather, he looked at it, and Mr. Robins said it was damaged leather, that is all I know about it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
