





554. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MAYCOCK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of June
 three trusses of hay value 4s. 6d. and four bushels of horse-feed, containing pollard, beans, and clover value 4s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Morgan
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  MORGAN
               



             sworn. - I live at St. Paul, Shadwell


: I can only prove the property.


                  RICHARD 
                  THOMAS
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman at Shadwell: On the Friday before the robbery, at eleven o'clock at night, I saw a cart standing at the bottom of Shadwell-market, which gave me some suspicion; on Sunday morning, about four o'clock, I was locking my box up, and saw the prisoner with a cart, just by Mr. Morgan's place but he stopped at a little distance off; I then called my brother watchman, Strutt, and he came; when we went up to the cart, there were two trusses of hay in it, and the carman bringing the third; the prisoner was in the stables; I then turned my back to him, that he should not see me, then he moved the cart a little farther off; then I saw Mr. Morgan' horse-keeper, the prisoner at the bar; I stood by the corner of the wall, and saw the same carman take a sack of mixture from the stable, and some words passed between them, but I was too far off to hear what it was; my fellow-servant followed him and when I met with them they were coming back again, as he said, to shew where he got it from I observed the carman run away as hard as he could and my partner went after him; after that, I saw the prisoner knock at his own door; after the carman ran away, he came towards the stable, and was catched by the watchman, and we took him to the watch-house; I have got a sample of the mixture and a sample of the hay, (produces it ); the mixture is pollard, split beans, and clover; I suppose that might be between three and four bushels of it.
STRUTT sworn. - I am a watchman, Shadwell: the last witness called me a little after four o'clock on Sunday morning the 1st of June I went away to Mr. Morgan's premises, and the I saw the track of a small cart round the corner out of sight the stables; I went up to the man that belonged to the horse and cart, and asked him where he had got that hay and corn; there we three trusses of hay in the cart, he was going on a direction from the stables; I asked him where he was going, and told him I should not leave him and when he came to the market, he turned down into the market, and the other watchman desired me to mind them while he called an officer; soon as he was gone, the man that belonged to the cart ran away, I ran after him, he ran past Mr. Morgan's stables, and made his escape; the other watchman then took me to the place where gentleman lives, and knocked at the door; the prisoner opened the door, upon which Thomas hold of him, and I likewise, and took him to the watch- house.

Q.Did Thomas tell the prisoner why he took him? - A. No.
Q. Had you any conversation with him? - A. No.
Morgan. I was called up; I saw in the cart three trusses of hay, and this sack of mixture; I can swear to the clover, it is remarkable clover, such as I never saw before nor since; it is singularly green, clover in general is brown.
Q. Had you missed any? - A. I have missed twenty times that quantity; I have missed a great quantity of hay, and the horses have been starved.
Prisoner's defence. I am not guilty of it; the watchman laid hold of me, and charged me with this, when I was going to buy a pair of shoes; I Know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 41.)
The Court immediately pronounced sentence of




               Transportation for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex, before Mr. RECORDER.
