





609. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HULLOCK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of June
, one hundred and twenty halfpence, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Newsom
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Chandler
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  NEWSOM
               



            . I am a grocer

, No. 3, Norton Falgate


; my partner's name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Chandler
               



            . On Monday the 26th of June, between three and four in the afternoon the prisoner came into our shop, he asked for some pearlash, for which the person that was serving him had to go down stairs; knowing him as a bad character, I watched him; as soon as the person had gone down stairs for the article he asked for, he looked across the counter to see if any body was noticing him; he stood with his back towards the street, put his hand over the counter and took up a five shilling paper of halfpence that was tied up; he was not dressed as he is now; he had not that long coat on, his jacket was lose; he put them in his waistcoat pocket. I then came from where I was, at the back part of the shop, and pulled him a yard from the counter. I said to him, I was glad we had got him at last; he took the halfpence out of his pocket and gave them into my hands. I directed another young man in my shop to go out, in order to prevent his making his escape; he saw him take it likewise, he went out for that purpose.


                  JAMES 
                  GUST
               



            . I am shopman to these gentlemen.
Q. When he was in the shop you went out - A. Yes, I saw him take the five shilling paper off the counter, and put them into his waistcoat pocket. I saw Mr. Newsom pull him away from the counter, and take the five shilling paper out of his hand.


                  PETER 
                  MASON
               



            . I am an officer. I produce the five shilling paper of halfpence.
Prosecutor. I know the paper, it is my tieing up.
Prisoner's Defence. I went in between eight and nine o'clock in the morning; I got some tea, sugar, and some soap; I went home and got my breakfast; I went into Whitechapel; I got a bit of meat to make a dropof broth; I went to Mr. Tilby and changed half a guinea, I left two shillings with my landlady; he gave me five shillings in copper. I told the prosecutor to ask the gentlemen whether he did not change me a half guinea; I went into that shop, I called for a quarter of a pound of Scotch barley; my wife was going to washing, she told me to bring some pearlash; the other shopman went to get the pearlash for me; that gentleman ran up stairs; he came down and said he had got me. I put the five shilling paper of halfpence on the counter; he took it up and marked it. I was going to pay for what I called for out of the five shilling paper. There were a good many five shilling papers on the counter; I do not say but what the gentleman might think it was his, but I took it out of my pocket.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
