





218. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of February
, a platform, and leather cover, value 5l.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Holmes
               



             the elder
, and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Holmes
                  



               
             the younger
.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOLMES
               



            , jun. sworn. - I am a coachmaker
 in Long-acre, in partnership with Thomas Holmes, my father; I know nothing of the loss.


                  CHARLES 
                  WHITE
               



             sworn. - I made a leather cover, and covered a platform for Mr. Holmes the cover is to keep the platform from the rain, they are used together, and united by buckles and straps; I packed them up on the 9th of February, at Mr. Holmes's, in Long-acre, and delivered it to 
               
                  Richard 
                  King
               



            , about two or three o'clock in the afternoon, to take it to the Castle and Falcon in Aldersgate-street; I saw him go with it, I wrote Col. Broughton upon the inside of the leather, with green copperas, and some part of the direction; I saw it again at the Mansion-house the following day, and knew it to be my work.


                  RICHARD 
                  KING
               



             sworn. - I am a servant to Mr. Holmes: On the 9th of this month, I went with a post-chaise, and this platform, to the Castle and Falcon in Aldersgate-street, I had a single horse; I got there nearly upon five o'clock, as near as I can guess, the porters told me where to put the postchaise to keep it dry, and then I went to the lower accompting-house to book it; then I took my horse off and unstrapped the platform, the post-chaise was for Lord Kirkwall, and the platform for Sir Thomas Broughton; when I had unstrapped them, one of the men took the platform and cover, and set it down by the place where it was to be booked, and when I came to book the chaise, I could neither find the platform and cover, nor the man that took them; I cannot say whether the prisoner is the same man or not; I ran about the streets a good deal, but could not see any thing of him; I saw the platform again the next day, and knew it again immediately.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DODDS
               



             sworn. - On Tuesday the 9th of this month, I was passing along, and observed a man run out of the Castle and Falcon yard with a parcel upon his shoulder, he was going with a degree of violence that excited my suspicion; I followed him up St. Ann's-lane, through Maiden-lane, and Lad-lane, and when he came to St. Lawtences's Church, there was resting-place for porters, he there stopped for the space of half a minute; he then went forward through Throg morton-street into Bartholomew-lane, he stopped by the side of the Bank, took a knife out of his pocket, and cut off the direction; he then proceeded up Cornhill, and Leadenhall-street, down Billiter-lane, across Fenchurch-street, into Church-passage, where the India warehouses are; when he got there, he threw away the direction, which I picked up, that circumstance confirmed my suspicions; I followed him into Seething-lane, I mentioned my suspicions to one of the porters of the India-house, requesting that he would go with me; we followed him to the steps leading from Tower-street to Tower-hill, he there pitched the parcel down upon the steps; the man who was with me accosted him - you seem to have got a heavy load, my friend; - no, not very heavy, was his reply; - have you got far to carry it; - not very far. I then asked him where he had brought it from; he said from Billingsgate, from on board a Gravesend-boat; I told him, I apprehended he had made a mistake, he had not been to Billingsgate lately, and I must beg leave to send for a constable, which I did, (produces the direction); I had never lost fight of the prisoner; his face came almost in contact with mine at first coming out of the gateway; I am sure he is the man.
Q. Are you a private gentleman? - A. I am a goldsmith.(The property was produced by 
               
                  Richard 
                  Harding
               



            , a constable, and identified by White.)
Prisoner's defence. I am a porter at Billingsgate: I took a box, and a hammock, to the White Bear in Basinghall-street, and coming back, a gentleman's servant employed me to carry this platform to the Dundee-arms, to go on board one of the Margate boys; he went into a shop in Tower-street, and told me to wait at the top of the steps, and this gentleman stopped me. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
