





368. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of March
, seven silver tea-spoons, value 7s. a silver table-spoon, value 10s. two gold rings, value 10s. a pair of silver buckles, value 5s. a cloth shoe, value 6d. and six guineas, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Burke
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Evan 
                        Griffiths
                     



.(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)
MARY BURKE sworn. - Q.Are you the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Burke
               



            ? - A. Yes.
Q. Where did you and your husband lodge on the 7th of March? - A. It is my misfortune that my husband and I do not live together; I live at No. 9, in Clement's-lane


, just facing Clare-market; Mr. Griffiths, a plumber and glazier, keeps the house.
Q. What part of the house did you live in? - A. The two-pair-of-stairs.
Q. Do you know the Christian name of your landlord? - A. No.
Q. Did you see the prisoner on the 11th of March? - A. On Friday the 11th of March, the prisoner came to my room; she pushed the door, and came in, while I was sitting by the fire, with a box.
Q. Did you know her before that time? - A. She lived in St. Clement's work-house; she came to my room without my leave, liberty, or knowledge; I asked her what brought her and her box there; she told me there were twenty of them discharged out of the house; she was one, and she came to me to get a lodging; I told her I had no bed for her; but she begged so hard for me to grant her the liberty, that I gave her leave to sleep upon the boards that night.
Q.How long did she stay, with you the next day before you quitted it? - A. Till about eight o'clock in the evening of Saturday the 12th of March.
Q.Did you leave the room while she was there? - A. Yes, about four o'clock in the afternoon.
Q.Leaving her in the room? - A. Yes.
Q.When you left your apartment, do you know if you had seven silver tea-spoons in your apartment? - A. I am positive of that.
Q.Had you a silver table-spoon? - A. Yes, they were in the box.
Q. Two gold rings? - A. Yes.
Q. A pair of silver shoe-buckles? - A. Yes.
Q. Any money? - A. Yes, six guineas.
Q. Any cloth shoe? - A. Yes.
Q.How lately before you left the room had you seen these things in your box? - A. Between two and three o'clock that afternoon.
Q. How did you leave your box? - A. I locked it, and tried whether the hasp was safe, for fear of mistake.
Q. What time did you return to your room, after having left it at four? - A. Just close upon eight o'clock.
Q. When you returned, did you find that woman there, or was she gone? - A. I found her in the room, in the dark; when I came in, she was in a posture to come out of the room; I said to her, what! in the dark; she made a saint answer that I did not hear, and then she asked, me if I had any objection to let her go and make water; I told her to go; she whipped by me as quick as she could, and I never saw her again till she was taken the next day, Sunday, the 13th of March.
Q. When you got a light, did you perceive in what state your box was? - A. I lit a candle, and I found the box emptied, except one cap and one shoe.
Q. Did you make any enquiries after your things at the next door? - A. Yes, Mrs. Gould's.
Q. How soon after she was gone? - A.About an hour after I saw Mrs. Gould.
Q. Did you find any thing at Mrs. Gould's that had been taken out of your box? - A. Yes, I found the fellow to this shoe in Mrs. Gould's room; this is the shoe that was left behind in my box.
Q.When did you see any of the rest of the things? - A. The next day, Sunday, I saw the rest of them.

Q. In whose possession were they? - A.Newman's.
Q.Though your husband is not living with you, is he alive? - A. Yes.
Prisoner. Q.Was the lock picked or broke? - A.The lock was so strained, that I cannot lock it, or unlock it.


                  SARAH 
                  GOULD
               



             sworn. - Q.Did you lodge next door to Mrs. Burke? - A.Next door but one.
Q. Did you see the prisoner on the day Mrs. Burke was robbed? - A. Yes, on Saturday the 12th of March, about half past eight o'clock in the evening, she came to me.
Q.How long before Mrs. Burke complained of being robbed? - A. It was about half past nine, or better; she said, she did not like her lodging, and if I would let her leave her things, she would come in the morning.
Q. Did you give her leave? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see these things afterwards in the constable's possession? - A. Yes.
Q. Were the things you saw in the constable's possession the same that she left in your room by permission? - A. Yes, they were.
Q. Was there a shoe amongst them? - A. Yes, there was a shoe in particular.
Q. When was it you saw them in the constable's possession? - A. The same night; I did not see the prisoner again till she was taken.
Q. Why was she to leave these things? - A. She said she did not like her lodgings, and she would come in the morning to clean herself.
SUSANNAH NUNNERY sworn. - Q.Where do you live? - A. In Dyot-street, St. Giles's.
Q. Did the prisoner come to you on Saturday the 12th of March? - A. Yes, about eleven o'clock at night; she lodged at my house that night; I asked her where she came from (I had never seen her before to my knowledge) she said she came from Enfield; she said her husband and she had had some words, and she had left him; she said she hoped to make it up again in a few days, and she wished to have a room to herself; she asked me what my demand was; I told her one shilling; I did not see her again till Sunday, at four o'clock in the afternoon; she sent for me into a room in my house, where another person lodged; she told me she was going out, and wished to leave some property with me.
Q. What did she give you to take care of for her? - A.Three guineas, a gold ring, and some duplicates in a housewife; then I went out of the room, and went into the shop; as she turned out of the door in the passage, she gave me seven small spoons and a large one, and a pair of silver buckles; I said, good gracious! will not your husband be angry with you for bringing these things away; she said, no, they were not his property; I told her what was her's was her husband's; she said, no, they belonged to a former husband, and she had them to take care of for her children.
Q. Did she say whether she had any thing else? - A. No; she engaged the room for the night following, and then she said she would go and make it up with her husband; she went out with a lodger of mine, and the same evening she was brought back to me, and I delivered the things and the money to Mr. Newman.
BENJAMIN NEWMAN sworn. - Q. You are constable of St. 
               
                  Clement 
                  Danes
               



            ? - A. I am the beadle.
Q. Do you know Griffiths? - A. Yes.
Q. What is his Christian name? - A. I think it is Evan, but I am not sure; I took the prisoner into custody; she had been a pauper in the workhouse.
Q. You took her on the Sunday? - A. Yes; she said she knew nothing at all about the business; I afterwards went to Mrs. Nunnery's.(The property was produced and identified by Mrs. Burke.)
Prisoner's defence. I went to lodge at this woman's house on the Friday; I slept on the floor; on Saturday night I did not like to sleep there, and as I was coming away, I kicked against this bundle on the stairs.
GUILTY, aged 46,
Of 


               stealing goods, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
