





260. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     SHIPMAN
                  




               
             was again indicted for that 


               he, on the 21st of November
, being employed in the capacity of clerk
, by 
                     
                        
                           Frances 
                           Sills
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Sills
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        Jonathan 
                        Sills
                     



                  , for the purpose of receiving money, did, by virtue of such employment, receive and take into his possession of and from George Willett, the sum of 1l. 11s. for and on account of his said employers, and that he did fraudulently and feloniously embezzle, secrete, and make away with the same, and did feloniously steal the same
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)
JOSEPH SILLS sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys.
Q. Be so good as state the particulars of this transaction, and who were your partners? - A. On the 21st of November, our firm was Frances, Joseph, and Jonathan Sills; the prisoner was our clerk, and employed in receiving money on our account, which he settled every day. I have his book, and, on the 21st of November, 1801, there are four articles entered, but not the sum of one pound eleven shillings received of Mr. Willett.
Q. Has that sum ever been accounted for? - A. Never. Mr. Gurney. Q. That article is entirely omitted? - A. Yes.
GEORGE WILLETT sworn. - I live in Aldersgate-street: On the 21st of November, application was made to me, on the part of Messrs. Sills, for the payment of one pound eleven shillings and seven-pence. I paid one pound eleven shillings, and the person to whom I paid it gave me a receipt, (produces it;) but I cannot say whether it was the prisoner.
JOHN-WINTER PIDGEON sworn. - I am clerk to Messrs. Sills, and know the prisoner's hand-writing. This is his writing, (looking at the receipt.)
Prisoner. I leave my defence to my Counsel.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
