





435. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     GORMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of May
, two pair of boots, value 6 s. two pair of shoes, value 12 s. five napkins, value 5 s. two pillow cases, value 5 s. six handkerchiefs, value 6 s. and one key, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Willis
                  




               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Myers.



                  RICHARD 
                  WILLIS
               



            . I am a boot maker
, I live in Fish-street Hill


. The prisoner was a wet nurse
 in the family. In consequence of some suspicions, I told the prisoner her box must be searched, she answered she was very willing for her box to be searched, she had nothing in it but her own; the prisoner opened the box in the presence of the constable and myself; the box was at the top of the house in the nursery. In her box was found all the articles in the indictment.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence, This key they found in my possession; I accidently lost the key of my box, my mistress gave me two keys off a bunch of keys, to see if they would fit the lock of my box; one of them opened the box, and the other I threw in my box; these napkins were for the use of the child, I frequently put them in the box. The half boots his eldest child brought me up in her hands. I believe she is about two years old. The women's shoes I know nothing of, they were not there when the constable opened the box. I was taken to the counter. On the next morning I heard they had found some women's shoes; I said I know nothing of shoes, nor were they found at the time when they opened my box.
Q. (to prosecutor) Is that so. - A. The constable found the shoes when he searched her box; they were wrapped up in a flannel petticoat.


                  HENRY 
                  GILL
               



            . I am a constable. The shoes were in her box, and they were taken out in her presence, with the other articles.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
