





18. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BERRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of November
, an hammoc, value 5 s. a bed and bedding, value 22 s. a great coat, value 20 s. two shirts, value 5 s. one pair of trowsers, value 5 s. two jackets, value 3 s. one pair of flannel drawers, value 1 s. and one waistcoat, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Rimur 
                           Rodrigues
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Fonsck
                     



.


                  RIMUR 
                  RODRIGUES
               



            . I am a Portuguese. I was out of the house at the time the hammoc was stole. I never saw the prisoner before I saw him at the justice's. I can only speak to the property.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ANTONIO
               



            . Q. You are a Portuguese. - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know Mr. Fonsck. - A. I have known him the last three or four voyages to England, he lives in New Market-street Wapping


. He lets lodgings, I lodge with him.
Q. Your countrymen chiefly lodge there, do they. - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know whether Rodrigues lodged there at that time. - A. Yes, he lodged there.
Q. Do you remember on the 19th of November last seeing the prisoner at the bar, look at him. - A. Yes, I was coming out in the morning to go to Blackwall; I came back again about eleven o'clock in the day, I saw the prisoner at the bar close by Mr. Fonsck's door; I came inside of the door, I did not say any thing at all to the prisoner, I came out again to buy some tobacco, and when I came back, just outside of the door, I saw the prisoner at the bar with the hammoc on his shoulder; I went inside of the door, I asked the people of the house who that hammoc belonged to, nobody answered me; I ran after the prisoner, the prisoner was running with the hammoc over his shoulder; when I came close to him, I asked him what business he had with that hammoc; says he what is that to you; so I brought the prisoner and the hammoc back to my lodgings.
Q. Was you by yourself. - A. No, me and another man, his name is Santo; I called to him to assist me, we brought him back, he was delivered to the officer.
Q. Had you seen this hammoc in the house. - A. Yes, it was in the passage bundled up; it had been there five or six days.


                  ANTONIO 
                  SANTO
               



            . Q. You are a Portuguese, are you. - A. Yes. On the 19th of November I was in Fonsk's Kitchen; Antonio called me from the kitchen stairs to come and assist him; I was the first that took hold of the prisoner, the prisoner was runing with the hammoc on his shoulder, we brought him back to the house, the hammoc belonged to Rodrigues; when I took hold of the hammoc the prisoner desired me to let him go; I said I would fetch him back.
(The property produced and identified.)
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.
GUILTY, aged 22.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
