





24. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DRISCOLL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of October
, a pair of breeches, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Vincent 
                     Kennett,




Esq
.


                  JAMES 
                  GOOD
               



             sworn. - I was servant to 
               
                  Vincent 
                  Kennett
               



            , Esq. No. 2, New Cavendish-street, Portland-place


: On the 29th of October, between eleven and twelve o'clock, the prisoner rung the bell, and asked for Mr. Kennett; I told him he was not at home; he then asked if the lady was at home, he would be very glad to speak to her; I rung the bell for the maid to let her know that Mr. Smith wanted to speak to her, that was the name he came in; my mistress, not knowing the name, sent word for him to wait ten minutes, and my master would be within; I then left him and the maid in the hall; I heard him desire her to go up again, and tell her mistress it was particular business, and he would not detain her two minutes; while she was gone, he went into the parlour, and took a pair of doe-skin breeches; they were hanging there not five minutes before; he went away, and left the street-door open; my master and I then went in pursuit with the carriage, and I took the prisoner with the breeches in his hand in Rosemary-lane.


                  ALICE 
                  ARUNDEL
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Kennett; 
               
                  James 
                  Good
               



             desired me to acquaint my mistress a Mr. Smith wanted her; the prisoner is the man; the prisoner desired me to go up a second time, and when I came down, he was gone, and had left the door open.
(
               
                  Daniel 
                  Cartwright
               



            , an officer, produced the breeches, which were identified by 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Nunn
               



            , the maker, by Good, and by Mr. Kennett.)
Prisoner's defence. I had two small phials of brandy, as samples; the servant said he should like some brandy for the winter, and he said he had no money, and I told him a gallon of brandy for the breeches.



               GUILTY
            , aged 59.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
