






857. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FRANCE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM-HENRY 
                     CHAMPNESS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Angus
                     



                  , three half-guineas, six seven-shilling-pieces, and a Bank-note, value 1l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Michael 
                           Burke
                        




.


                  MICHAEL 
                  BURKE
               



             sworn. - I am a sailor
: On the 17th of October, between nine and ten in the morning, I went into the shop of 
               
                  James 
                  Angus
               



            , in Westminster


, to be shaved; being a stranger, I don't know the street; the prisoners came in soon after; the barber and I were talking, and I told him I was a sailor, and was come up to town to get some prize-money.
Q. Did you shew him the money you had? - A. Yes; he proposed to sell me a coat, but I did not buy it; we had a pot of beer, which I paid for, and half a pint of gin, but I drank no liquor, nor never do.
Q. Did any women come in? - A. Yes, but I did not know them; the prisoner wanted to joinme in sending for liquor, I would not, and was going away; France said, no, sit down and I'll fetch you something to eat; he went and brought a small bit of meat, which he put on the coals to broil; the girls wanted me to treat them, and I pulled out the note with the money wrapped in it; France made a grab and snatched it from me and handed it round behind his back to Champness, who put it into his waistcoat pocket; they made off immediately; I went to the door and said I had been robbed; then Champness returned and asked me what was the matter, I told him; he shut his eyes and shook his head, saying, come along with me, I will get a constable and take the man up; when we got a few yards further he said, now you may go and look for a constable yourself, and left me; a little boy went with me to Queen-square, where I got an officer, and they were taken in about half an hour; France had then changed his dress.
Q. Had you been drinking before you went to the shop? - A. No, I had not; I drink no liquors.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Do you mean to swear you were quite sober? - A. Yes, I was.
Q. Did you accuse the barber with preventing you getting out of the house? - A. I did.
Q. And you charged a woman named Sarah Edwards with robbing you? - A. No, I did not when France put his hand behind his back she wanted to take it, and I got hold of her hand, she lifted up a vessel and said she would break my head; I did not charge her with taking it.
Q. Will you tell me who the lady was at whose house you slept the night before, and who you slept with? - A. I slept with no woman, I had the bed to myself; I was going round the corner of a street the night before and met two girls, whom I asked where I could get lodging; they took me to a house where I slept, but they did not sleep there; I paid sixpence for my bed, it was the day I came from the country.
Q. When France was taken up did you not charge the woman who was with him? - A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  ANGUS
               



             sworn. - I am nine years old, and know if I swear what is not true I shall go to hell flames; I know Michael Burke, and was in the shop when he came in; he sent my mother for some gin, and pulled out six seven shilling-pieces and three half-guineas wrapped up in a Bank-note.
Q. How do you know it was a Bank-note? - A. I saw it was India paper, and a mark at the bottom of it; France snatched it out of his hand and gave it behind his back to Champness, and he put it into his pocket; a man outside came into the shop and the prisoners ran out; they were taken soon after.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Burke drank a great deal of gin there, did not he? - A. Yes.
Q. Was he very drunk? - A. Yes, he was drunk.
Q. Did he send for liquor often? - A. Yes, and drank of it.
Q. You did not see the half guineas and seven shilling-pieces? - A. Yes, I did.
Q. Where were you? - A. I was sitting by the fire, and Burke was close to me.
Q. You heard him say he was robbed, you did not see him robbed? - A. Yes, I did.
Q. Who took it from him? - A. France, and gave it to Champness behind him.
Q. You did not see Champness take it? - A. Yes, I did.
Q. Are you quite sure of it? - A. Yes.
Q. Did Burke desire Champness to go with him for a constable? - A. No.


                  SARAH 
                  EDWARDS
               



             sworn. - I was in Angus's shop, and saw Burke with a paper in his hand, which France snatched out of it, I did not see any money, and I think Champness received it from him.


                  JAMES 
                  JONES
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, and apprehended the prisoners.
John France's defence. I know myself innocent, and can say nothing else.
Champness's defence. I went into the shop to be shaved, where I found the prosecutor and the others drinking; the prosecutor said he was hungry, and France fetched some bacon, which they broiled; soon after a woman came and desired the prosecutor to come home to breakfast, for he was very drunk, and 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Edwards
               



             said, no my dear, you shall not go, you shall go home along with me; he came to the fire-place and said he was robbed, and that he thought it was 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Edwards
               



            ; I got up and desired him to search every body in the room; France offered to be searched, and I consented to go with him for a constable; we went about six or seven hundred yards and met with young Cridland; I said there was the son of an officer, and left him; in about half an hour I was taken.
France, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 46.
Champness, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
