





85. 
               
                  FRANCIS 
                  MILLER
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 10th of January
, a watch, value 5 l. and two watch cases, value 5 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Dodds
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  DODDS
               



            . I am a ship and insurance broker
.
Q. Did you lose a watch and two watch cases on the 10th of January last. - A. I did; it was near one o'clock, I was coming down Fleet-street


; near to Salisbury-court the prisoner at the bar came up and snatched the watch out of my pocket; I immediately seized him by the collar and held him fast, at the same time he handed the watch to some of his accomplices; they received it in their hands and ran up the street; there was one or two. I see him receive the watch. I called the watchman and the prisoner was secured.
Q. Have you ever been able to find your watch again. - A. No.
Q. What was the value of your watch. - A. Four or five pounds; it was a metal watch jewelled.
Q. Were you sober at this time, had you been drinking with any friend. - A. No, not any thing. I live in Lambeth-street, Goodman's Fields; I had been into St. Martin's-lane, I supped there.
Jury. Were you near to a lamp at the time. - A. I was not directly under a lamp; I could discern and see about me very well.


                  GABRIEL 
                  CONNER
               



            . I was constable. I took the prisoner in custody; Mr. Dodds charged him with snatching his watch out of his pocket; the prisoner denied it.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from the other side of the water to my home in Fleet Market; there was a mob made by that gentleman, he got hold of me, he said I had got his watch; there were two or three people that pushed him, I did not know them; they took me to the watchhouse.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
