





284. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     ROBINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of February
, twenty-four dressed sheep-skins, value 44s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Law
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Gurney.)


                  THOMAS 
                  LAW
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am a leather-seller
, in Chiswell-street


: On Saturday evening last I had some bundles of dressed sheepskins in my shop; I returned home about half past seven o'clock, and found the prisoner in custody of 
               
                  Evan 
                  Morgan
               



            , and a bundle lying upon some skins, with my private mark.
EVAN MORGAN sworn. - I am servant to Mr.Law: On Saturday, the 14th of February, about seven o'clock, I was going into the shop, and met the prisoner coming out with two dozen of tanned sheep skins; I never saw the prisoner before; says I, what you do with that leather; he made no answer, but dropped it, and ran a few yards; I pursued him, and brought him back, I never lost sight of him; my master's shopman picked up the bundle; I am sure he is the man that had the bundle.
Prisoner's defence. I was asking his shopmate what it was o'clock, and he was reaching over my shoulder to take the man who had the leather, but who ran away; says he to me, never mind, you will do as well.
Court. Q. Was there any body with him when you saw him coming out of the shop? - A. No, no farther than people passing; I am certain the prisoner is the man.
JAMES AYLETT sworn. - I was going past Mr. Law's shop, and saw the prisoner drop the skins, and run into the road; Morgan immediately pursued him; I saw him taken; I never lost sight of him.(
               
                  John 
                  Ray
               



            , the officer, produced the skins, which were deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Mr. Law. The cost price is 2l. 6d.




               GUILTY of stealing, value 39s.
             aged 40.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
