





755. 
               
                  JANE 
                  HUGHES
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of September
, four coats, value 3l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Clarke
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  CLARKE
               



             sworn. - I am a wine-merchant
, No. 36, Crutched-friars


: On the 21st of September, about half-past one, at noon, I saw the prisoner come up the gate-way, which is a considerable distance from the street; I saw her go into the house; I was writing in the accompting-house, which is on one side of my house; I saw her come out immediately after the clerk, who was writing in an adjoining accompting-house, and was just going out as the prisoner came out; he followed her down the gate-way; he brought her back, and we took the property from her; she begged I would let her go, but I refused; there was a driving coat and three other great coats; I sent for a constable, and delivered her and the property to him.
- HUNTER sworn. - I am clerk to Messrs. Danvers and Clarke, wine-merchants.
Q.(To Mr. Clarke.) Were these coats your sole property? - A. Yes, they were.
Hunter. On Monday the 21st of September, about half past one o'clock, I saw the prisoner go into Mr. Clarke's house; in a very short time she came outagain, apparently in very great haste, with a large bundle under her left arm; as I was going out at the door, I thought I saw the colour of one of Mr. Clarke's great-coats, accordingly I followed her out of the gateway, and overtook her at the corner of New London-street; I said to her, you have got some of Mr. Clarke's coats there; her answer was, I do not know Mr. Clarke, they are not his coats; I said, you shall go back again, and I will see whether they are Mr. Clarke's coats or no; I then took her back; Mr. Clarke met us in the yard, and then she dropped the coats; there were four of them; she then begged Mr. Clarke to forgive her, for they were his property; I immediately got a constable, and Mr. Clarke gave charge of her. (The constable produced the property, which was identified by Mr. Clarke).
Prisoner's defence. I was going down Crutched-sriars, and a man asked me, if I knew of a porter that would carry that parcel for him to Smithfield; I told him, I did not, I was a poor widow woman, and should be glad to earn a shilling myself if it was not too large, he gave me these coats to carry, he said he would be there as soon as me.



               Guilty
            , aged 60.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
