





202. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHALEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of October
, a cheese, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hudson
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  LAMB
               



             sworn. I am shopman to Mr. Hudson, a cheesemonger
, No. 17, Castle-street, Liecester-square


. On Saturday, the 12th of October, 1805, about ten o'clock in the evening, I was standing behind the counter, I perceived a person taking a cheese out of the shop, I pursued him, and took him with the cheese on his shoulder, I asked him where he had got the cheese from, he told me that two men gave it to him; I immediately gave him to a watchman; he was taken to St. Ann's watch-house, and the cheese likewise.
Q. Was the cheese standing in the shop. - A. Yes, about a quarter of a yard from the door.
Prisoner. I would wish him to say whether it was me or no, I have been to sea six months, and the charge that is laid against me is not above four months ago.
Court. (to witness) How came you to keep him so long in goal. - A. He broke out of the watchhouse, and made his escape.
Jury. You do not say that he took it out of the shop after all. - A. Yes, I followed him, and took him with the cheese, he was never out of my sight.


                  JOHN 
                  HAWTHORN
               



             sworn. I am a constable and watchhouse keeper. On the 12th of October last, between ten and eleven o'clock, the prisoner was brought to the watchhouse by the prosecutor, I took charge of him for stealing this cheese; I locked him up.
Q. Are you sure he is the same man. - A. I am sure.
Q. Perhaps you had known him before. - A. I had seen him many times before; the cheese has been in my possession ever since; he broke out of the watchhouse on Sunday, when me and my wife were at dinner; I happened to hear that he was in Bridewell, I lodged a detainer against him; I found him in Bridewell; I produce the cheese.
Lamb. I am sure it is my master's cheese, and I am sure he is the person.
Prisoner's Defence. That gentleman came to the goal where I was sent to by the lord mayor for a month, he brought a watchman with him, he asked that man if I was the young man that he had in custody; he told the man he did not think I was the man.
Hawthorn. I had no watchman with me, I had only another constable with me, that came to lodge a detainer against him.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
