





560. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BUTCHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of August
, six glass decanters, value 1 l. nine glass goblets, value 1 l. 5 s. twelve drinking glasses, value 12 s. two glass salts, value 2 s. two glass lamp tubes, value 1 s. one glass lamp, value 6 d. a glass, value 6 d. a muffineer, value 2 s. a stone mug, value 2 s. two glass cruets, value 1 s. four other glass cruets with silver tops, value 4 s. two finger glasses, value 6 d. six panes of crown glass, value 6 s. seventy two cotton lamp wicks, value 2 s. six pound weight of brass, value 2 s. and six pound weight of iron, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Collins
                  





The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLLINS
               



            . Q. I believe you are a glass manufacturer
, in the Strand


 - A. Yes; the prisoner lived with me as porter
.
Q. During the time he was in your shop had you lost several articles in glass - A. Yes. He had the care of my warehouse.
Q. In consequence of any suspicion that you entertained did you cause his lodging to be searched - A. Yes; I did not attend the search; his lodging was entered in my book in Harp alley, Fleet market; the officer produced before the magistrate a quantity of glass that was found there.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TROTT
               



            . Q. You are a police officer of Hatton Garden office - A. Yes.
Q. On the 17th of August last, did you search the lodgings of the prisoner - A. I did, in Harp court, Harp alley, No. 1. up two pair of stairs; there I found a great quantity of glass; all the articles enumerated in the indictment; I went to Mr. Collins' house, after I had been to the prisoner's lodgings; I began with him as though I was a dealer in glass; I first of all asked him where he lived; he said No. 1, Harp court, Harp alley; I informed him I was an officer, and was come to take him in custody on suspicion of robbing his master of a quantity of glass; he made some little hesitation at first, at last he said if he was taken in custody he must go; he seemed in great agitation; I told him there was another officer on his premises with a great quantity of glass; he then said he had taken it from his master, he was sorry for it; I took him away in a coach to Fleet market, left the gentleman in the coach with him, and went up to Hancock the officer to his lodgings; after that we took him to the public house near the office; there he said to his wife, my dear, I have only been married fourteen days, in fourteen days I shall be no more; I took particular notice of that; I searched him, I found two ounces of arsenick; I have had the property ever since in my care.


                  JAMES 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . Q. You are an officer - you found these things with Trott - A. Yes.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. My lord, and gentlemen of the jury, I am sorry thus to address you on my unfortunate case, which I lay before you; I own that I have done wrong; had I thought that to my distress would follow the distress of my wife and four children, I never should have done so; I never knew what it was to lose my liberty, till this unfortunate case now before you; I can assure you I did not steal the articles to make a property of them, only for my own use, and for ornament, and sorry I am that I have done so; I never did a fault of this kind before.



               GUILTY
            , aged 39
         




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
