





755. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     PRESTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 22d of July
 a counterpane, value 1 l., 2 sheets, value 14 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Williamson
                        




                     
                   in a lodging-room
            .
Second count for stealing three pieces of muslin, value 4 s., his property, not stating it to be in a lodging room.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WILLIAMSON
               



            . Q. Are you the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Williamson
               



             - A. Yes, we live in Perrin's court, High-street, Hampstead


, we let lodgings
, my husband let the prisoner the lodging, he was at the public house at the time she was.
Q. Do you know any thing of her taking away any of your property - A. Yes. my bed-quilt and sheets; she came in about half after nine o'clock at night, to sleep.
Q. Were there a bed-quilt and sheets on the bed when she went into the bed-room - A. Yes, I saw them on after she came into the house, she went away the next morning about ten o'clock, I was at home, I missed my bed-quilt and sheets about ten minutes after she went out.
Q. Did she take any body with her - A. Not that I saw, the quilt and things were brought back by the constable, I saw the prisoner after my husband took her, I asked her for my bed quilt and sheets then she said the bundle was gone on in the coach.
Q. Do you know any thing of any pieces of muslin - A. Yes, she took them out of the work-bag.
Q. When had you seen them - A. About three or four days before; I had not missed them; she was searched, they were found in her bosom, I am certain they are mine they are worth about four shillings.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAMSON
               



            . I am the husband of the last witness, the prisoner came to the Black Boy and Still, Hampstead, where I am ostler, she wanted a bed, they could not make her a bed, I took her home to my wife, she made her up a bed, she was to pay for the night's lodging.
Q. Did you pursue her afterwards - A. I did, I found her in one of the Hampstead stages coming to town, I overtook the coach, I asked the coachman if he saw that woman he brought up the over night, he said he had her in the coach, I took her back to Hampstead.
Q. Were you there when the muslin was found upon her - A. No, when I took her out of the coach she denied the bundle, I told her I would take her to the Bird-in-hand, where she had been before, then she said if I would not take her she would tell me where the bundle was, she then said it was in the coach going to town.
Q. Did you get the bundle afterwards - A. Yes, it was brought to the Black Boy and Still by 
               
                  William 
                  Worrall
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WORRALL
               



            . I am a coachman, I brought the bundle back from town to Hampstead, James Lane the coachman that she went with, delivered it to me.


                  JAMES 
                  LANE
               



            . I am a coachman, I carried the prisoner to Hampstead, I brought her back the next day.
Q. Had she any bundle with her - A. I did not see any bundle with her, the bundle that I delivered to Worrall, I found in the coach when I got to Tottenham-Court-Road,it was not owned by any of the other passengers, I asked them, they said it was not theirs, I delivered it to Worrall.


                  MARY 
                  BLACKBURN
               



            . I searched the prisoner, I found four door keys in her gown sleeve under her arm, they were tied with a string and put in paper, I found the muslin in her bosom, and some duplicates in the other gown-sleeve.


                  REBECCA 
                  BROOKER
               



            . I received the bundle from the coachman at my own house, the Black Boy and Still, at Hampstead, from Worrall, Mr. Adams took it.


                  JOHN 
                  ADAMS
               



            . Q. Did you get the bundle from Mrs. Brooker - A. Yes, I took it from the bar, I carried it to Mrs. Williamson.
WM. READ. I went to the house of Mrs. Williamson where the prisoner was, I took her in custody to the watch-house. I asked her how she came to do if, she said the devil possessed her.
The property produced and identified.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
