





117. 
               
                  MARY 
                  HOWE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of December
, a purse, value 1s. 6d. two half-crowns and five shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Budd
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Alley.)


                  FRANCIS 
                  BUDD
               



             sworn. - I am a journeyman tailor
: I had been at supper and dancing, at my master's, till four in the morning of the 24th of December; the prisoner accosted me in the Hay-market


; I went a little way with her, she took me round the waist with one arm, then she closed me with both arms; I was with her about four minutes, as nigh as I can tell; I gave her no money; after she left me, I turned myself round to the wall to make water, I missed my purse, I searched all my pockets round; I had felt my purse when I came out of my master's house, not half an hour before that; I had not spoke to any body in the street before I met the prisoner, then I gave an alarm, and a Mr. Crowde spoke to me, and in consequence of that, Mr. Crowde and I went down the Hay-market, and my friends, who had been at supper with me, went the other way; Crowde and I came down as far as the Cannon Coffee-house, and there I saw the prisoner at the bar; I spoke to her, and asked her if she had not spoke to me before, and she denied it; I immediately spoke to the watchman, and gave her in charge; I took hold of one arm, and the watchman the other, and as we were going up St. Martin's-lane, she endeavoured to get her hands together, gathering up her silk cloak into her hands, and we found the purse in the bottom corner of the cloak; when we got to the watch-house, I opened the purse, and it contained, two half-crowns, and five shillings; the value of the purse was about 1s. 6d. she went down upon her knees, and begged my pardon, and she would never do so to me, nor any other person.
Q. Can you swear to the money? - A. No, I cannot.
JAMES CROWDE sworn. - I never saw the prosecutor till that morning; I was present when the prisoner was apprehended; going up St. Martin's-lane, he told me she was trying to put the purse into his hand; when she got to the watch-house, she begged for mercy.
Prisoner's defence. I picked the purse up just by the play-house, and when he said he had lost it, I gave it him directly.




               GUILTY
            . (Aged 39.)
Of stealing, to the value of 10d.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
