






512. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HARDY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of September

, a pair of coach lamps, value 10 s. two head plates, value 5 s. and a brass roller, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Wilmot
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     HARPER
                  



               
             for 


               feloniously receiving the same goods, knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  WILLMOT
               



             sworn. I am a Hackney coachman
. On the 7th of September my coach was locked up in the coach house, Reeves Mews, Mount-street



; I lost the articles mentioned in the indictment.
Q. Was your coach house broken open. - A. No,they were taken out by some instrument.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  BALL
               



             sworn. I am a constable. On the 11th of September the prisoner, Hardy, was brought into the watchhouse; the next day I took him before the magistrate; I went to Mrs. Harper's house with a search warrant, she keeps an iron shop, No. I, Pultney-court, Little Wild-street; I found there the lamps broken to pieces, they had sold the other things to a brass founder, they were melted down.


                  JAMES 
                  SLADE
               



             sworn. In consequence of a search warrant, I went to Messrs. Walker's in Great Wild street, they gave up these head plates, the other property was melted down.
- sworn. I live with Mrs. Harper; the prisoner said he had an aunt that lived in Westminster, and these lamps belonged to her; I gave him after the rate of a shilling a pound for the brass, I sold it to Mr. Walker.
Prosecutor. I can swear to the head plates, there is Mr. Gordon's crest upon them, I bought them of Mr. Gordon himself.
HARDY - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HARPER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
