





527. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CARPENTER, alias 
CARIER, alias 
CARR





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of May
, a pair of saddle-bags, value 4s. a pair of boots, value 10s. and a handkerchief, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bowles
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BOWLES
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Jones, in Dover-street: The boots and handkerchief were my own property, the saddle-bags were my master's property, but they were in my care, I was answerable for them; I lost them on the 15th of April, from my apartment at the White-hart, at Windsor


; I saw them again on the 18th of May, at the prisoner's lodgings, at the White-swan, at Charing-cross; I knew them again, I had had new straps put on to the saddle-bags, at Windsor, I have had the care of them nearly two years; the boots I know by the maker's name, and number; the officer has them; I met the prisoner on the other side of Westminster bridge, and he offered me money, and a gold seal, not to say any thing about it; I told him he was the person I wanted to see; I suspected he was the person that had taken them; he told me where he lodged, and that the saddlebag and boots were there.
Q. Did you tell him it would be better for him to confess it? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  WARREN
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Marlborough-street: The prisoner wasin custody when I was sent for; I searched his lodgings, and found the saddle-bags in the garret, and the boots in the kitchen; I found a duplicate upon him which led to the handkerchief.
ROBERT BARBER sworn. - I am servent to a pawnbroker, (produces a handkerchief); I cannot take upon me say who it was that pledged it, but it was a man, and it was pledged in the name of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Parker
               



            .
Prisoner's defence. I went down to Windsor, and was with that young man some time, he told me any thing of his was at my service, I slept with him, and he lent me the things.
Q.(To Bowles.) Did you lend him any of these things? - A. Never.
Q. That you say upon your oath? - A. Yes, he left me the Friday before I was robbed.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
