





407. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MARSHALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he on the 10th of April
 was servant to 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Richards
                        




                     
                  , and employed by him to receive money, and being such servant, did receive and take into his possession the sum of 5 l. 9 s. 9 d. and afterwards feloniously did embezzle, secrete, and steal the same
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  RICHARDS
               



             sworn. I am a broker
, I live at No. 3, Broker row, Long Acre, the prisoner was a common porter
 that was in the market; on the 10th of April I sent him out with goods to deliver to Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Harvey
               



            , I gave him a receipt to give when the money was paid to him, he received the money and never returned with it; I never saw him from that time to the 26th of May; I was going down Drury lane, I saw him come out of his own lodgings, I immediately took hold of him and took him to my house to give me an account of what he had done with the money, he told me he had lost it, I took him to Bow street, he told the magistrate he had a hole in his breeches pocket, and he had lost it out of that pocket.


                  GEORGE 
                  HARVEY
               



             sworn. I am a schoolmaster, I live in Tuston street, Westminster; on the 10th of April I bought some goods of Mr. Richards, the prisoner brought them and a bill and receipt, I paid him five pounds, nine shillings, and nine pence.
(The bill and receipt produced in court.)
Prisoner's Defence. (read in court) May it please you, my lord, the defendant was employed by Mr. Richards to deliver for him as porter, certain goods and articles, and on the delivering of the same to give a bill and receipt for the same, for five pounds nine shillings and ninepence, which he the said defendant did receive in cash of Mr. Harvey, and the said defendant returned home in order to return the cash to Mr. Richards, when to his great astonishment he could not find the money he had received, but by some accident found he had lost the same, which misfortune prevented him from returning, but the plaintiff immediately procured a warrant and had the defendanttaken into custody, the said defendant on account of his confinement was unable to support his family or of paying the said money, and wishing to make some compensation to the defendant for the loss he had sussained, wrote the plaintiff a letter, desiring him to grant him his liberation, and he would repay him by instalments, but instead of that the plaintist has proceded to the utmost rigour of the law; the defendant therefore humbly prays that his innocence will appear in not making away or disposing of the said money, but having lost it by accident, and not with intent of any fraud, or to wrong him of it by any means whatsoever.
Q.(to prosecutor) What was his character before this happened. - A. I had only been six weeks in business, I saw many people employ him, I had employed him and entrusted him with money before, but not to that amount; he says he lost the money, they said at his lodgings he had not done a stroke of work since.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
