





77. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     ROUND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of January
, twenty yards of cotton, value 2 l. 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Whitehead
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Perkins
                        



                     
                  , privately in their shop
            .
Mrs. WHITEHEAD sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Whitehead
               



            , a linen-draper

, No. 3, Houndsditch


, in partnership with 
               
                  William 
                  Perkins
               



            , he has no other partner: On Wednesday last, about twelve o'clock, the prisoner came to purchase a gown with another person; they looked at a number, and at last pitched upon one; they said they would not pay for it then, but leave two shillings, and call again, and as they were going out, I saw something projecting under the prisoner's cloak; I came round the counter, and said, I think you have got some of my property; she then dropped a piece of cotton, I laid hold of her at the door, and she dragged me down the street a good way; Ikept my hold of her, and brought her back again, and then she dropped another piece of printed cotton; I then sent for a constable; myself and two sons were in the shop, one of them is here; she struck me several times; there was a woman-servant in the shop at the time, who was a customer; I never saw the prisoner before.


                  JOHN 
                  WHITEHEAD
               



            , jun. sworn. - I am the son of the last witness; I am sixteen years old, and my brother about fifteen: I was serving along with my mother, my brother was in the back shop, and I called him into the front shop; he was there during part of the transaction, and another customer was in the shop; I saw the prisoner going out at the door with a bulk under her cloak; my mother stepped round the counter, laid hold of her, and said she had got more she thought than her own; she dragged her down the street a little way, almost two doors; a gentleman laid hold of her, and brought her in; the other woman ran away.


                  JOHN 
                  TOFT
               



             sworn. - I am a salesman in Houndsditch, two doors from the prosecutors: On Wednesday, between twelve and one o'clock, I saw the prisoner come out of Mr. Whitehead's shop, and Mrs. Whitehead following her; I saw her wrenching something from under the prisoner's cloak; I saw the prisoner strike Mrs. Whitehead, and she was obliged to let her go; Mrs. Whitehead called for assistance, and I went up and took hold of the prisoner; she made some resistance, in the course of which I tore her cloak in the neck; some abusive language came from her, but I insisted upon taking her back; I took her into Mr. Whitehead's shop, and by her manner of twisting about, I was sure she had more property about her; and while an officer was sent for, she wanted to go backwards to be searched; I told her she should not go from where she was, till the officer came; she begged I would let her cloak go, and not use her ill; I then saw a piece of cotton drop from her cloak.
(The property was produced by 
               
                  Edward 
                  Davis
               



            , the officer, and identified by Mrs. Whitehead, as having a private mark upon it.)
Prisoner's defence. I work at the gun work; I was going to buy a file for my work, and met a young woman, who asked me to go with her to buy a gown-piece; I went with her, she looked at several, and when I was going away, the lady laid hold of me; I am as innocent as the child unborn.
GUILTY, aged 24,




               Of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
