





852. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BARRON
                  




               
             was indicted, for that 


               he, on the 18th of September
, being in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Catharine 
                           Barry
                        



                     
                  , did steal therein three coats, value 30s. two handkerchiefs, value 2s. a pair of breeches, value 5s. two waistcoats, value 2s. a hat, value 5s. a half-guinea, two half-crowns, and eleven shillings and sixpence in money, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Canty
                        



                     
                  ; and that he afterwards feloniously and burglariously did break the said dwelling-house to get out
            .


                  JAMES 
                  CANTY
               



             sworn. - I am a coal-heaver
, and lodge at Mrs. Barry's, No. 6, King-street, Wapping


; the prisoner lodged in the same room with me, up one pair of stairs, about a fortnight; there were three beds in the room: On Saturday night, the 18th of September, I went home between nine and ten o'clock, and went to bed; the prisoner was not at home, nor did I hear him all night; at five o'clock on Sunday morning I got up and missed my things; I found my box open, the key having been taken out of my pocket,(enumerates the property stolen); I am sure they were all there the night I went to bed: on Sunday morning, about nine or ten o'clock, I saw all my property at the watch-house, and the prisoner with my breeches and loose coat on his back; I told Mr. Dunbar, the constable, before he overhauled the prisoner, what money I had lost, and described the half-guinea being wrapped up in a piece of brown paper, which he found on the prisoner, and two half-crowns and a number of shillings.


                  CATHARINE 
                  BARRY
               



             sworn. - I am a widow
, and live in King-street, Wapping; 
               
                  James 
                  Canty
               



            , and the prisoner lodged in the same room; I gave Canty a candle to go to bed between nine and ten o'clock; Barron was not then at home; but between eleven and twelve o'clock he came in with a boy who lodged in the same room; he had some victuals, then he took a candle, and went to bed; I was up till three o'clock, for I had a child very ill with the small pox; I bolted the street door soon after the prisoner came in; the back door opens into the yard, that bolts also on the inside; I looked at it, and it was shut, but I cannot swear it was fastened; between one and two o'clock I heard a man come down stairs, and asked who it was coming down at that time of night; I was answered, a friend, 
               
                  James 
                  Barron
               



            ; I knew his voice, and said, what is it you want down stairs at this time of night; he said, I want to go backwards to ease myself; he went out at the back door, and I heard nor saw nothing more of him till in the watchhouse on Sunday morning; I found his trowsers in the yard at five o'clock, which I knew, having seen him wear them a fortnight; when I saw him in the watch-house, he gave me four or five shillings for my lodging, saying, Mrs. Barry, I never can keep my hands to myself when I am half drunk, but I can when I am sober.
Q. How can any body get out of your yard? - A. There is only a low wall.

JOHN GUY sworn. - I live at No. 14, Ship-street, St. George's in the East, about 300 yards from King-street: About the hour of two o'clock on Sunday morning I saw the prisoner sitting in a chair in my house, between the drawers and a large table; I had never seen him before to my knowledge; I was alarmed by my neighbours with my house being broke open; I got up, and ran out of the back room into the front, where I saw the window broke, and the prisoner sitting in a chair; the people shewed a light into the window, and I immediately secured him, sent for a watchman, and had him to the watch-house; I found two coats, and an old blue cloth coat, in his possession, and he had a large brown great coat on; the others were laying on the floor; he claimed them, and I said, if they are your's, take them along with you; upon which he took them under his arm immediately, and carried them to the watch-house.


                  JOHN 
                  DUNBAR
               



             sworn. - I am a beadle: On Sunday morning I went to the watch-house, and found these clothes, (Producing them, and which were identfied by the prosecutor); I took one of the waistcoats from his back; Canty described the gold, and said, he had been robbed of thirty-two shillings in all; I searched the prisoner, and found the half-guinea wrapped up in brown paper, two half-crowns, and some shillings.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say in my defence, but leave it to the mercy of the Court.
GUILTY, aged 27.




               Of stealing to the value of 39s. but not of breaking out
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
