





246. 
               
                  MARIA 
                  ELLIOTT
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of January
, two sheets, value 6s. a quilt, value 2s. and a tablecloth, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Thornton
               




            .
JOHN THORNTON sworn. - I am a nightman
, and live at Whitechapel


; the prisoner was a servant
 of mine, and I had great reason to suspect her honesty, as my clerk had lost his pocket-book; on the Sunday following she asked me to go out, which I granted; when she was gone, my clerk and I broke open her room, and the first thing we saw was his pocket-book, which she had declared she knew nothing of; I also found a pocket-book belonging to her, which contained a great number of duplicates, and which I examined; I suspected some sheets were gone, and searched the bed; I discovered they were gone, and the quilt and table-cloth also, which, she said, were gone to the mangler's; when she came home, I gave charge of her; the officer asked her what she did it for, and she said, she never could get her wages of me, but it was no such thing; I was to give her eight pounds a year; she had lived with me exactly six months, and I had paid her three guineas; I went to the pawnbroker's, and found the things.


                  THOMAS 
                  DEXTER
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, and produce two sheets, a table-cloth, and a counterpane, which were pawned by the prisoner at the bar. (The property produced and sworn to).
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating, that had she been inclined, she could have disposed of a great part of the prosecutor's property undiscovered, as she had the care of it, but that she had pawned her own clothes, in consequence of not receiving her wages. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
