





605. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     AYRES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of August
, a handkerchief, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Lewis 
                           Owen
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  LEWIS 
                  OWEN
               



             sworn. - Q. What are you? - A. An ironmonger
.
Q. Where do you live? - A. At Messrs. Downer and Sandys, in Fleet-street: On the 27th of August, Saturday afternoon, about five o'clock, I was going from our house towards the Strand


; I saw a mob collected near Mr. Birkett's, the chymist; I ran up to see what was the master, and found a man in fits; I remained there a few minutes only, during which time an alarm was given,"your pocket is picked," or, "there is a pickpocket," I cannot say which; I turned round immediately, put my hand to my pocket, and found I had lost a pocket handkerchief, which lay about two yards behind me; Mr. March collared the prisoner, and secured him immediately, with my assistance.
Q. I suppose there was a press upon you? - A. Yes, there was a crowd upon me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARCH
               



            , jun. sworn. - I am a fishing-tackle maker: I was going up Fleet-street about five o'clock, and saw the prisoner at the bar take a yellow handkerchief out of Mr. Owen's pocket; I called to Mr. Owen, laid hold of the prisoner, and he dropped the handkerchief.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARCH
               



            , fen. sworn. - I was sent for, and took charge of the prisoner. (Produces the handkerchief.)
Owen. There is no mark upon the handkerchief; I cannot say that it is mine.
Q. (To March.) The handkerchief that the prisoner threw down, who picked it up? - A. Mr. Owen.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.
GUILTY, aged 40,




               Of stealing, but not privily from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
