





240. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th of January
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Phillips
                        




                     
                  , a pocket book, value 1 s. two bank notes, value 5 l. each, a warrant for the payment of 7 l. 17 s. and three bills of exchange for the payment of 16 l. each, his property
            .


                  JAMES 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a timber merchant
; I live in the Edgeware road. On the 28th of January, past one, I had some business in Furnival's inn


, and coming from there to the debtors' side of Newgate, I lost my pocket book.
Q. Do you know of your own knowledge who took it - A. No. The contents of it were two five pound notes, three bills of exchange of sixteen pounds each, and a banker's check of seven pounds seventeen shillings; I had the book at the other place; when I came to this place I lost it; the check was in the book to the best of knowledge; Mr. Moore gave me the check four days before; I had not seen it since.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  MOORE
               



            . On the 28th of January, Mr. Phillips and I were coming to London; just by the debtor's door at Newgate, there were three or four ran against Mr. Phillips; as soon as we got inside of the debtor's door of Newgate, he observed that he had lost his pocket book; I then observed to him that he had a check of mine for seven pounds seventeen shillings, that I had given him some days previous; it was payable at Mr. Lefevre's; I immediately ran off to Mr. Lefevre's as fast as I could; I was desired by the clerk to stop a little while, in all probability it would be brought into the house; I stopped about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, and the check was brought in by one Farmer, a ticket porter; I followed the porter at some distance, until I was at the Antigallican coffee house; when I came there, the porter said he was not in the place; in consequence of waiting three or four minutes, I saw this young lad, the prisoner, he was standing inside of the outer door, as if he was looking for the porter; I went and took hold of him, I said my lad, I believe you are the gentleman that I am looking after; the porter came out and said this is the man that gave me the check; I went immediately to Mr. Lefevre, and from there to the Mansion house.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FARMER
               



            . I am a ticket porter, at the Old Stock Exchange. The prisoner came to me and gave me a check to get it cashed; I am certain the prisoner is the person that gave it me; I took it to Mr. Lefevre. The gentleman was in the house, that owned the check; he came after me and secured the prisoner, and took him to the Mansion house.
MR. CHURCHYARD. I am a clerk to Mr. Lefevre's banking house. The last witness produced a check at our house; this is the check. On the return ofMr. Moore with the porter and the prisoner, there was another lad came in, which Mr. Moore seemed to know as well as the prisoner, when they jostled him in the Old Bailey.


                  DANIEL 
                  CARTWRIGHT
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was brought to the Mansion house; I searched him; I found upon him five one pound notes, and a sham bill for one hundred pounds; he gave no satisfactory account to the lord mayor, how he came by these notes; the lord mayor ordered me to keep them.
Q. to Moore. Look at that check - A. The 14th of December, that is the date of it; that is the check I gave to Mr. Phillips on the Thursday before this happened; I have no doubt of it in the least; I took this check in payment; I kept it till the 26th of January, I gave it to Mr. Phillips, as he was going in the City, for him to call at Mr. Lesevre's and get the money for me.
Q. There was a boy came into the banker's shop - A. When Mr. Phillips was stopped; I noticed two boys; I suppose there were four or five; these seemed to be about ten in all; I was noticing a man asking Mr. Phillips if that was Newgate; he said it looks like Newgate.
Q. Did you observe the prisoner near him then - A. I did; I told Mr. Churchyard; I saw no boy in the office; there might have been a lad; I never saw any lad there.
Q. You say, this note you gave to Mr. Phillips on the 26th of January, you were with him on the 28th - A. Yes. On the 27th Mr. Phillips was coming to town, he did not come; on the 28th I said I would come with him. I know the note was dated the 14th of December, and payable at Mr. Lefevre's, seven pounds seventeen shillings. I told Mr. Lefevre so in his shop.
Q. to Phillips. What did you do with the bill that you received from Mr. Moore - A I put it in my pocket book, and to the best of my knowledge never saw it any more; I never took it out to my knowledge.
Q. Do you remember the date of it - A. No; I know when the check was produced; he told me it was payable at Cornhill, and when I was at Cornhill I should have looked to see where it was drawn.
Q. Do you remember any of the persons that were about you at Newgate - A. No.
Q. Has any of your other property been found - A. No.
Mr. Gleed. In your pocket book had you any notes of the value of one pound each - A. No; I had two five pounds notes, no lesser.
Q. Do you recollect the time when you received a bill from Mr. Moore - A. I recollect it was on the 26th, and I recollect putting it in my pocket book.
Q. Had you taken the book out of your pocket for the purpose of looking into it - A. Many times.
Q. Had your pocket book in the course of that time been out of your possession - A. Not to my knowledge; I never make a practice of taking my pocket book out of my pocket; when I take my coat off I leave my pocket book in it; I had in my pocket book a great number of memorandums and receipts, that I cannot show now.
Q. On the 28th, at the time when you were before Newgate, you lost your pocket book, might not you have lost the note that I have in my hand, between the 26th and the 28th - A. I do not know but I might.
Q. Of course you took out the pocket book for various purposes between the 26th and the 28th - A. I had; I went back to the chambers to see whether I had left it there; I knew not where I lost it; at No. 10, Furnival's inn I knew I put it in my pocket; when I came to Newgate I found I had lost it; I went back to Furnival's inn to see whether I had left it there.
COURT. Are you apt to lose notes out of your pocket book - A. Never before.
Q. You keep your notes so careless in your pocket book - A. Yes; I put it among papers, where I do not put notes.
Q. Because it belonged to your friend - A. I cannot say whether it was there or not.
COURT. That is the burthen of your story, you cannot say whether it was there or not.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
