





385. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of May
, thirty yards of lace, value 8l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Kay
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wade
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Prodgers
                  



               
            .
BENJAMIN PRATT sworn. - I am a porter to Messrs. John Kay, John Wade, and Edward Prodgers, linen drapers


, in Hanway-street: Mr. Prodgers was one of the partners at the time: On Monday, the 5th of May, I was passing from Hanway-street, Oxford-street, in my way to the Saracen's Head, Snow-hill


; as I came to Snow-hill, I had a trunk on my head, a parcel under my left arm, and a card of lace in my left-hand pocket; just before I came to the Saracen's Head, Snow-hill, I felt a jerk at my left-hand pocket, and I found a lightness by which I conceived I had lost my property; I turned myself round, and immediately saw a man with a card of lace on the off side of me in his hand; I immediately holloaed out, stop that man, he has got property of mine; I holloaed out several times before any body would assist; after that a gentleman pursued him and took him, by the corner of the Saracen's Head gate; the gentleman's name is 
               
                  Robert 
                  Wright
               



            ; when he had got hold of him I saw him throw the card of lace away under a stage-coach; he was secured, and taken to the Compter; Robert Wright picked up the lace, and took it to the Compter with the prisoner; the lace was delivered to the constable.


                  ROBERT 
                  WRIGHT
               



             sworn. - I am a tailor: On the 5th of May, between three and four in the afternoon, I was going up Snow-hill, I passed a young man with a load; after I had passed him a few yards, I heard him cry out, stop that man; I went on about three yards further, he still continued crying out, stop that man; I saw the prisoner at the bar before me, he had passed me, and as he got to the corner of the gateway of the Saracen's Head, I observed him go up the gateway, and attempt to go round a coach that stood there; I went off the kirb-stone, and went round, and met the prisoner at the other side of the gateway; I laid hold of him by the shoulder; he had a small parcel in his hand, which he threw under the coach; I picked up the parcel and took the prisoner to the Compter; I delivered the parcel to the keeper of the Compter till he sent a constable to take charge of him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THRALE
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of the parish of St. Sepulchre's: I had charge of the prisoner and the lace; (producing it;) I received it on the 6th of this month, from a person that keeps the Compter; he is not here.
Wright. When I picked up the parcel I opened it, and saw that it was black lace; but the pattern I did not examine.
Pratt. I am positive this is the lace I had in my pocket when I left my master's house; I am positive the prisoner is the same man; I looked at him very particularly; and I observed particularly the mark F L upon the lace before I took it from home; there are thirty yards of it.


                  JOHN 
                  WADE
               



             sworn.-This property has our mark upon it; I have no doubt it is the property of the firm; it is a pattern that I have seen particularly in our house.
Pratt. I was ordered to take the lace out by one of the work-women, she did not deliver it to me, she told me where it was, and I took it off the counter.
Mr. Wade. I have examined, and missed such a piece of lace.
Prisoner's defence. They stopped me and challengedme with the card of lace; they searched me and found nothing upon me, and they were going to let me go; and then they picked up a card of lace under the coach, and said I had picked that young man's pocket of the lace, and then they took me to the Compter.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 29.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
