





565. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HALL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of September
, eleven yards of cotton sarsnet, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Brown
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn. - I am shopman to 
               
                  George 
                  Brown
               



            , No. 8, Shoreditch


: On the 19th of September, the prisoner came into the shop, and asked for some white jean; I told him we had not got any; he then asked for some white cotton sarsnet; I shewed him some coloured ones; he told me, they would not do, but asked for two patterns of them, which I gave him; he then asked if we had any clay-coloured; I told him we had not; he then took a green wrapper from under his arm, and placed it on the cottons; he then asked for a piece of stuff; I went to get a piece of dark-coloured stuff, and observed him take the wrapper up, and put it under his arm; I saw a piece of grey sarsnet which I had been shewing him peeping out of the wrapper; I suspected him, and had kept my eye upon him; when he was gone out at the door, I told Mr. Brown of it, and he fetched him back with the sarsnet, containing eleven and a half yards.


                  GEORGE 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn. - I went after the prisoner, and brought him back with a piece of grey sarsnet upon him, my property.
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that he went into the shop to ask for some goods relating to his trade; that as he lived in the neighbourhood to let him take it home with him, to see if it would match with what he wanted it for, when the prosecutor came after him, and took him into custody.
Q.(To 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Brown
               



            .) Is there a word of this true? - A. Not at all.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not privately in the shop
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
