






181. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  COLLINS
               




            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of February
, a japanned iron tea box, value 8 s. and one tin tea kettle, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Adshead
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  ADSHEAD
               



            . I am a tin plate worker
 in Whitechapel High street


. I missed my property on the 4th of February, when I went to take the rest of my things in I saw it hanging by the door between five and six o'clock.
JOHN RAY. I am an officer of Worship street. On Wednesday the 4th of this month, between the hours of six and seven, I was going down Montague street, about half a mile from the prosecutor's, I was in company with Kennedy and two other officers, I met the two prisoners, one had got a tea kettle in his hand, and the other a tea board; the moment they saw me they separated, White went into the middle of the road, he had got the tea board against his breast. I immediately got hold of him, and the other was stopped by Kennedy. I asked White where he got this tea board; he told me he got it from a man in the Commercial road.
Q. How far were you from the Commercial road. A. We might be three quarters of a mile; he said he was going to take it to his master's in Saffron hill. We took them into a public house; Collins then began crying, and he told me immediately where they stole them from; they had taken them from a shop the corner of Osborne street, in Whitechapel.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gleed Recollect yourself, did not he say, I stole them. - A. No, he did not.


                  JAMES 
                  KENNEDY
               



            . After we had apprehended the prisoners, Collins said that he had stole the kettle from a shop the corner of Osborne street; White said that he had brought the tea board from the finishers in the Commercial road.
The property produced and identified.
The prisoners said nothing in their defence.
White called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Collins called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.
WHITE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
COLLINS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.





               Confined Six Months in the House of Correction
            , and 



               fined One Shilling
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
