





761. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 15th of July
, a handkerchief, value 2 s. and 31 books, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Luke 
                     Lane
                  




               
            .


                  LUKE 
                  LANE
               



            . I live at Kingston in Hampshire, I am a shopkeeper
.
Q. When did you lose your handkerchief and books - A. About half past nine o'clock in the evening, I delivered them in charge to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Ling
               



             a porter at the Star in Aldersgate-state. I gave an order for him to dispose of them.


                  ANN 
                  DENT
               



            . I live in Aldersgate-street, I keep a public house the sign of the Star


. On the 15th of of July, at half past nine o'clock, 
               
                  William 
                  Bland
               



             came into my house with a basket of cakes, stopped a few minutes went out and came in again, and took out a bundle that did not belong to him. It was a bundle of books tied up in a red and yellow handkerchief, I saw him take the bundle, I knew it did not belong to him, I told the man in the tap-room.
Prisoner. This was done about seventy years ago.
MRS. DENT. I told them to whom it belonged, they pursued him but could not find him, they found him on the Monday following.
Q. Now the person to whom they belonged who was that - A. Luke Lane.
Q. Are you sure that you saw the prisoner take out that bundle that belonged to Luke Lane - A. I am positive.
Prisoner. I have been in confinement about seventy years, I am now an hundred and six years of age.


                  JOHN 
                  PHIPPS
               



            . I live in Beech-street. The prisoner brought the books to my house on Monday morning the 17th of July.
Q. Had he any thing strange in the manner of his conduct - A. No.
- BRAY. I am a constable, I took the prisoner in custody by enquiry, I found the books at the last witness's house.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. They did not find any property on me, they found them at a cheesemonger's shop.
Q. What are you - A. I am a pastry-cook, I go a stag-hunting.
Q. How old are you - A. One hundred and six years of age.
Q. to Mrs. Dent. He used to come to your house did he - A. I have seen him several times, he appeared like a man that went about the street with a basket of cakes.



               GUILTY
             - aged 35.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
