





334. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BURTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 18th of April
, two silver spoons, value 1 l. a shift, value 5 s. three pair of stockings, value 5 s. three shirts, value 1 l. and two handkerchiefs, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Jane Capel 
                           Banes
                        




                     
                  , in her dwelling house
            .


                  ANN 
                  HARPER
               



             sworn. I live in Little Dean's Yard


, Westminster; I am housekeeper to 
               
                  Jane 
                  Capel Banes
               



            , she keeps a boarding-house
.
Q. Did the prisoner at the bar live with your mistress's family. - A. Yes.
Q. How came you to fix any part of this upon the prisoner. - A. It was found out by the dustmanbringing a pawnbroker's ticket to me of a shirt for five shillings, with the name of Broomfield upon it; this was on the 18th of April. I went to the pawnbroker to see who it belonged to, I took the shirt out, I knew it to be one of the boy's shirts, it was marked with permanent ink Thompson; I sent the officer to search Broomfield's room; the prisoner was taken up on some information he got upon this search; the prisoner was searched in my presence, and some duplicates were found upon her.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



             sworn. I am an officer of Queen's square. On searching Broomfield's house, I found they were acquainted with the prisoner, I immediately went back to Mrs. Banes and searched the prisoner, there I found upon her the duplicate of a spoon pledged for seven shillings, a shift pledged for three shillings, two pair of stockings pledged for eighteen pence each, a shirt pledged for six shillings, and a duplicate of a shirt and handkerchief pledged for five shillings, and several other duplicates which relate to another indictment that is against her; I found in her pocket this table spoon, I found in her box two pair of stockings and a prayer book; I then apprehended the prisoner.


                  CHARLES 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. I am shopman to Mr. Wright, pawnbroker, in Tothil-street, Westminster; I produce a shirt and a handkerchief pledged by the prisoner for five shillings, and a pair of stockings for eighteen pence, a spoon for seven shillings, a shift for five shillings, a shirt for six shillings, and two handkerchiefs for one shilling. (The property identified by 
               
                  Ann 
                  Harper
               



            .)
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witness to character.
GUILTY, aged 39.
Of 


               stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
