





338. 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     RALLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he on the 22d of April
, being servant
 to 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Waugh
                        




                     
                  , and employed and entrusted to receive money for him, and that he being so employed and entrusted as aforesaid, did receive and take into his possession, the sum of 1 l. 19 s. 9 d. 1/2 on account of his said master, and that he afterwards feloniously did embezzle, secrete, and steal the same
            .
Second Count for like offence, only stating that he received the money of John Mountain.
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.
JOHN MOUNTAIN sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. I live at the Elephant and Castle, St. Pancras.
Q. Did you deal with Mr. Waugh, Goodge-street, Tottenham Court Road. - A. I have dealt with him three different times.
Q. Do you remember paying the prisoner any sum of money, and what. - A. The last that I paid him was on the 22d of April, for which I have got his receipt.
Q. What did the prisoner say at the time he demanded the money. - A. He did not demand it, he brought the bill with the goods, and delivered it, I paid him one pound nineteen shillings and ninepence halfpenny; on the Monday after that the master same to me with the bill for the money, I told him I owed him none, I shewed him the bill and receipt the prisoner gave me.


                  JOHN 
                  WAUGH
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are a cheesemonger, living in Goodge-street, Tottenham Court Road, the prisoner was your servant. - A. Yes, he has been with me better than three quarters of a year, I entertained a very good opinion of him, I always gave him more than I agreed for.
Q. Did you make up your books at any time. - A. Yes, before the 22d of April, I thought I was deficient, I said to Stephen take an account of the stock, just count the hams, cheese, and the butter, he did so, and I took the amount of them; I told him I was almost two hundred pounds out of pocket, I very much suspected he was robbing of me; I went to Mr. Mountain's, I took the bill and demanded the money,he told me he paid the money the day the cheese was brought.
Q. Did you ever tax the prisoner with it. - A. I never taxed the prisoner with it.
Q. Did the prisoner ever account to you for the amount of this bill. - A. Never.
Court. You are pretty clear that you had this conversation with the prisoner before the 22nd of April. - A. Yes.
Q. How long afterwards was it that you went down to Mountain's. - A. About a week: I think I had the prisoner taken up the same day I went to Mr. Mountain's, I applied to Marlborough-street office, two officers came and apprehended him at my house.
Q. Did the prisoner say any thing at the time he was taken up. - A. He said what is the matter; I told him, Stephen you have been a robbing of me; he says have not I worked very hard in your service, I says you have very hard and I have rewarded you, have I ever given you less than two pints of porter a-day; he said he had spent all his own money and mine too.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley.
Q. I think you said the prisoner was with you for three quarters of a year. - A. Yes.
Q. He was your book-keeper. - A. He occasionally wrote in my books.
Q. Did not you keep an open account with the prisoner, and he was to settle with you at the quarter of a year. - A. Never, he always gave me the money, or should do.
Q. Did you know a man of the name of Haydon. A. Yes.
Q. Have you never said to him that the prisoner and you always settle your accounts once a quarter. A. I never did.
Q. In the conversation that you had with him after you discovered your loss, you stated your general loss to him, you did not ask him whether he had received any money from Mr. Mountain. - A. Says I, Stephen you have robbed me of the money of Mr. Mountain's cheese; the answer that he gave me was, that he had not received it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
