





632 
               
                  MARY-ANN 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of September
, a pinafore, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Ewers
                  




               
            .


                  JUDITH 
                  BRIAN
               



             sworn. - I am a widow; I was coming by the back of the London-Dock


 last Wednesday was a fortnight, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I met the prisoner, she was taking off Mr. Ewers' child's frock; I asked her was it her own child; she told me yes; I asked the baby whether that was her mammy; the child said no, her mammy was at home; I told her I would fetch an officer, I came along Old Gravel-lane, and she followed me, and the baby followed her; I told 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Brown
               



            , whom I met, that child had been stripped, and I took the child in my arms.
Q. What became of the woman? - A. Somebody in the street went and fetched an officer; I am sure this is the woman that took off the child's frock.


                  SARAH 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn. - I was in Old Gravel-lane, Brian told me that she saw the prisoner stripping the child, the prisoner and the child were following her; the child's clothes were loose on the child's back, I tied them on.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  DAVIS
               



             sworn. - I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody; I took this pinafore out of her bosom. (The pinafore identified by the prosecutor.)
The prisoner did not say any thing in her defence, but called two witnesses, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
