





201. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HUNT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 14th of January
, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Morgan 
                        Dixon
                     




                  , a silver watch, value 40 s. two gold keys, value 6 s. nine seven shilling pieces, and nineteen shillings, his property
            .
MORGAN DIXON. I am a watchman in the London dock
, I live at No. 8, Grace's buildings. in Whitechapel


 parish. On the 14th of January I met with the prisoner as I was coming out of the country, between Mile End and Bow.
Q. Had you ever seen him before. - A. Never in my life; I asked him, as he was coming on, which way he was going, he said he was coming to town; I told him I was coming there too; we discoursed upon the road together in talking of America. I understood by his tongue he was an American; I told him that I had been to America, and I was sixteen months a prisoner there. We went as far as the Black Horse, I offered him a pint of beer; I then asked him where he lodged; he told me he had no lodging nor any thing to get a lodging with; I said, if you come along with me I shall give you something to eat and drink, and very likely a lodging; he went with me to my house.
Q. Did you give him something to eat and drink. A. I did; I gave him some mutton chops and bread, and sent for a pint of beer for him.
Q. Did you give him a lodging. - A. I told him there was a bed if he chose to accept it; if he did not, there was a shilling for him to get a lodging for himself.
Q. Why, you had never seen him before. - A.No.
Q. You took a great partiality to him, never having seen him before - was this your own bed. - A. Yes; he went to bed in my own bed before I did; I locked and bolted the window and door afterwards; I laid down, I hung my watch up at the bed's head, I fell asleep; when I awoke in the morning I missed the prisoner.
Q. You were not surprised at that. - A. I was surprised.
Q. It is a very probable thing to have happened - did you miss nothing but the prisoner. - A. I then laid awhile; I listened to hear if my watch beat, it did not; I put my hand up to find if my watch was there; it was gone. I then got up and went into the yard, thinking he might have gone to the privy. I found he was not there; I searched my pockets, I missed a guinea, two two-pound notes, nine seven shilling pieces, nineteen shillings in silver, and two gold watch keys.
Q. Have you ever seen your property again. - A. My watch was found in the Minories.
Q. Have you been long in this town. - A.Yes, I have been watchman to the London dock three years.
Prisoner. I wish to bring him to his oath where he me me: me first.
Court. He says between Mile End and Bow.
Prisoner. He is wrong in that.
Prosecutor. I cannot say exactly the place, but it was between Mile End and Bow.
Prisoner. I want to know what time you met with me. - A. Between five and six in the evening.
Q. Where did you take me to. - A. To the Black Horse.
Q. Where did you take me after that. - A. Up to my own house in Whitechapel.
Q. What did you give me to eat after that.
Court. He said mutton chops.
Prisoner. What had I to drink before I went to his own house. - A. A pint of beer, and nothing else.
Q. Did not you change a guinea, and I offered to pay half the reckoning for a quartern of rum. - A. You did not offer that, nor did I change a guinea; we had no rum.
Q. Were you in liquor yourself. - A. No, not in the least.
Court. Was the prisoner in liquor. - A. No, I did not take him to be in liquor.


                  PETER 
                  MAY
               



            . I am a patrol. On the 16th of last month I met the prosecutor; he told me this man had robbed him, he described his having one arm; I went with him to No. 22, Sun yard, I found the prisoner in bed along with 
               
                  Jane 
                  Beautyman
               



            , it was about half past twelve at night when I took him to the watchhouse; I found nothing on him but a few halfpence, a duplicate and two knives. On Sunday morning I took the girl; she told me the watch was pawned.


                  JANE 
                  BEAUTYMAN
               



            . Q. Do you recollect the time when the last witness apprehended the prisoner. A. Yes, I was with the prisoner at the time.
Q. When had you first met the prisoner. - A. On the Friday night; this happened on the Saturday. I never saw him before Friday night; I met him at the Crown in Mortimer's rents, Aldgate parish.
Q. Did you go with him that night. - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see any money he had. - A. No; he had no money, he had a watch; he asked me to go home and sleep with him; he gave me the watch for the expences of myself and the lodging. I gave the watch to the woman of the house to pay for the expences of the bed and myself; I gave the watch to her. She gave me the watch back again on Saturday morning.
Q. Did you take notice of the watch. - A. No, I did not.
Q. What watch was it. - A. A silver watch.
Q. Did she give the same watch to you again in the morning. - A. To the best of my knowledge it was the same watch she gave me in the morning; there was a chain to it, but no seals to it nor nothing.
Q. What did you do with the watch when the woman gave it you back - A.
               
                   
                  William Hunt
               

             told me to pledge it.
Q. Did he see the woman give it you in the morning. - A. Yes, and he saw me give it to her in the evening. I went and pledged it; he told me to get as much as I could upon it. I met 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Collier
               



             in the Minories, I gave it to her to pledge. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Collier
               



             brought me back twenty five shillings.
Q. Was he with you. - A. No, he was at home; I took out a waistcoat and a handkerchief, as he told me, and I gave him the money.
Q. This was on Saturday. - A. Yes.
Q. He continued with you all the Saturday. - A. Yes, till the patrol came and took him.
Q. Did he say he had no money. - A. Yes.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  COLLIER
               



            . Q. Do you know the last witness, 
               
                  Jane 
                  Beautyman
               



            . - A. Yes.
Q. Do you recollect her employing you to pledge any thing. - A. Yes, a watch on a Saturday evening, about a month ago. I was in the Minories, she asked me to pawn the watch, she did not like to pawn the watch herself, as she had no bonnet on; I pledged the same watch that she gave me for twenty five shillings. I pawned the watch at the first shop in the Minories.


                  CHRISTIAN 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker in the Minories.
Q. Have you a watch. - A. Yes, I took this watch in pledge of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Collier
               



            . I lent her twenty five shillings on it on the 16th of January.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. In the first place, I was in the Crown in Morling's rents. I met that man there; my prosecutor came up to me very much in liquor; he says why do you not give the watchman a glass to drink, I said with all my heart; we went over the way to another public house, we had a quartern of rum, he went to change a guinea; I said I will pay half. When he came out of doors he fell down in the street; we had not then above five or six yards to go. When he got up he gave me a shilling to get a pot of beer; he had got some mutton chops raw; I toasted one of them; he spilt the beer and broke six plates; he gave me five penny worth of halfpence to get another pot of beer; I never saw the man before in my life. I think the man must be a lunatic. I am an innocent man standing here.
COURT. You have not said any thing about the watch.




               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Le Blanc.
