





654. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2d of September
, two shifts, value 4 s. two pair of stockings, value 1 s. a napkin, value 6 d. and a handkerchief, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Abbott
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ABBOTT
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  Edward 
                  Abbott
               



            , I hung my things on a line in the yard. I get my living in the street. I went out in the morning between 9 and 10 and returned about five in the afternoon.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a shoemaker, my wife deals in clothes, on the 2d of September, the prisoner brought the articles into my shop, she said she wanted to sell them; my wife examined them she said, I believe you have taken these things off some person's line; she would have nothing to do with them, they were rough dry, she went out of the shop and went about eighty or ninety yards from my shop stood in a confused state, my wife thought it a pity that we had not stopped her, I went out and passed her, she did not observe me, she then came back to my door, I tapped her on the shoulder and asked her what she wanted for the articles to induce her to go into the shop, she said 5 s. 6 d. she gave fourteen or fifteen pence for them, she lived at 4, Catherine Wheel Alley and she bought them of two women in the street, Jews. I told her being Saturday there were no Jews about, I stopped her, she offered to give me the things to let her go, then I questioned her again how she came by them, she said she had them of a woman in the Curtain Road, I said I dare say the poor creature that sold them to you is wanting them again. I got her out of my shop under pretence of looking for the woman, she did not know where she was. I live in Long Alley, I decoyed her into the office.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought them in the Street.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury before Mr. Recorder.
