





700. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     DONAVAN
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of October
, sixteen pieces of handkerchiefs, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Torry
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  TORRY
               



             sworn. - Q. You are a West-India merchant
? - A. I am, my counting-house is in Sion-gardens, Aldermanbury


.
Q. Did you loose any pieces of silk handkerchiefs in October last? - A. I did, I lost sixteen out of a chest in my counting-house.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KINNERSLEY
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: On the 4th of October, about twelve o'clock in the day, I was sent for by Mr. Jones, who keeps an old cloaths shop in Rosemary lane; the prisoner at the bar had brought him sixteen pieces of handkerchiefs, and offered them for sale; Mr. Jones thought they were not come honestly by; he immediately sent for me; as soon as I came into the shop he said, this man has offered these handkerchiefs for sale at a reduced price; I enquired of the prisoner, in what manner he came by the property; he said, that he came over from abroad, and about three months back he changed them there for hardware, and he could not get a market for them in the island (he mentioned the name of the island but I have forgot it), so he was obliged to bring them to begland. I told him he must go along with me; when we came out at the door he said, you have no occasion to lay hold of me, I will go quietly enough with you, and I will tell you the whole truth; I am employed by a merchant in Finsbury-square, who has given me the property to dispose of for him; he begged very hard for me to go to see his master; I enquired of him, what he was there;he said, he was in the habit of cleaning and blacking shoes: I told him I would indulge him so far as to go to his master; he begged, at the same time, that I would not go in at the front door, because his master was an elderly gentleman and a Member of Parliament; he did not wish for him to know any thing of the business; that he would go in at the back door which leads into the counting-house; and he would call his young master; but I told him, the secret could be no great deal if he told me a true story, he need not be ashamed for me to hear him, as I would insist upon hearing the conversation; he then beckoned with his finger at the glass door, and the gentleman came out to him. I enquired of the gentleman whether he knew the prisoner at the bar; he said, yes, he had blacked shoes for him about a fortnight; I asked him if he had given him any property, producing the property which was under my arm; he replied, no, he had brought them up to him in the handkerchief as they were then, to sell to him in the morning; he said, he told him he would have nothing to do with him nor his handkerchiefs, for he verily believed they were stolen; I told the gentleman I had no further occasion with him for the present; immediately I went about my business, leading the prisoner to the Mansion-house; and as we were coming through the quarters of Moorfields, he said to me, I will give three or four of the best pieces if you will not state what this gentleman has been saying, alluding to his master; I said, very well; I took him to the Mansion-house and stated the case as I have now stated it; he was in confinement a week for want of an owner; when I took him to the Mansion-house there was so much obstruct on with him that I did not search him till I took him to the Compter; I searched him there and found three duplicates on him; one is for twenty four handkerchiefs at Mr. Harris's, No. 145, Fleet street, in the name of Brown, for twelve shillings; the next is Mr. Parker, No. 174, Fleet-street? he pawned there, on the 28th of September, a piece of muslin, ten yards and a half, in the name of Brown, for twelve shillings, and another duplicate at Mr. Fleming's, Fleet-market, in the name of William Williams; he told me he brought that property from abroad, and he did not like to dispose of it till he thought proper. I produce sixteen pieces.
Prisoner. He says, I offered him four of the best pieces coming through the square; I never offered any such thing.
Kinnersley. I positively declare he did.

Q. 
            (To prosecutor.) Do you believe them to be your property? - A. I do.

Q. 
            You were in possession of such goods and you have lost such? - A. Yes.
Prisoner's defence. They are Mr. Torry's goods; she knows that she took them out of the chest to shew me, more than that she said, I will do that gentleman before I go yet.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18,




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
