





659. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MACKNAMARA
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 13th of July
, a watch, value 3 l. 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Peake
                        




                     
                   in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Fowler
                     



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PEAKE
               



            . On the night of the 12th of July, I slept at Mr. Fowler's, he is a publican, in the course of the night my watch was taken, I missed it on the 13th, a bricklayer slept in the same bed with me, there were two others beside me and the prisoner slept in that room.
Q. How many were in the room - A. Four, the prisoner and another man slept in another bed, and me and the bricklayer slept together; three of us went to bed together between 11 and 12 the prisoner was one of the three and the other man came afterwards; when I went to bed my watch was in my breeches, I twisted my breeches round, tied my braces round them, and put them on the top of the bureau bedstead.
Q. Are you sure that you had the watch when you went to bed - A. Yes, I am quite certain of that.I was looking for my breeches, the prisoner went down stairs, the other two stopped and were searched; Mr. Fowler's maid servant found the small clothes but the watch was gone; the prisoner was taken on the 13th, at night, the watch was pledged.
Q. What was the value of the watch - A. 3 l. 3 s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FOWLER
               



            . Q. You are the occupier of this house in the parish of St. Sepulchre


. - A. Yes, on the 13th of July in the morning the young man that lost his watch, and two others searched for the watch, and the small clothes of the two young men were searched, I saw the prisoner go out about half after six, I saw him carrying out nothing; I made the servant Phoebe Harrison look round to see if it was hid under any place, she found the small clothes, she brought them forward, the young man 
               
                  William 
                  Peake
               



             was over at Mr. Cooper's stables he went out with his overalls without his breeches, he was sent for, I searched the small clothes there was no watch in them. In the course of the day we got two officers to attend in the evening against he came home from his work, they searched him in my presence, they found the duplicate of the watch.


                  PHOEBE 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Fowler, I searched for the small clothes, and found them under the stairs, there was no watch in them.


                  JAMES 
                  BLAND
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, I live in Holborn, on the 14th of July in the morning the prisoner pledged this watch for 1 l. 3 s. I gave him a duplicate.
Q. What do you think the value of it is - A. Two guineas to a wearer, and about a guinea and a half to the trade.


                  JAMES 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton Garden; after my brother officer Stanton searched the prisoner, I searched his hat which lay on the table, and found this duplicate of the watch pledged for 1 l. 3 s. 14th July.
Q. To Peake. What day was it you missed this watch - A. I am not sure about the day of the month, it was on Friday.
Court. That was Friday the 14th.
HANCOCK. On the same night I found the duplicate, I said, here is the ticket for a silver watch; the prisoner said in the hearing of the rest of the witnesses, No that is not for a silver watch.


                  ROBERT 
                  STANTON
               



            . I searched the prisoner on the night of the 14th. I found two duplicates in his small clothes pocket, in his right hand coat pocket I found this one pound note, the duplicate of the watch was found in his hat by my brother officer.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. On the morning as I went out to work, I heard of his missing his small clothes and his watch. I went out to work, when I came home at night two officers were in the little parlour, the man that lost his watch, and two or three more were sitting in the tap-room he said, Thomas we have had two men searched, we should like you to be searched, I said I had no objection; Stanton took off my hat, and put my things by, that I could not get at them, he found two duplicates and a one pound note in my pocket, he said you must come along with me, I said I had no mind of going as I had nothing to do with it my hands were tied. I was cock found the piece of paper in my hat, the landlord and the men were there. The pawnbroker thinks fit to swear to me, I know nothing of the watch. I sent to the prosecutor he came to me in my imprisonment. I offered him four guineas for the watch although I was innocent of it, he said the officers would not let him do any thing of the kind.
GUILTY, aged 23.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Wood.
