





714. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CHECKLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of August
, a cloth coat, value 2l. 10s. a waistcoat, value 6s. a pair of breeches, value 6s. two handkerchiefs, value 1s. a pencil case, value 1s. a reading-glass, value 1s. a gown, value 12s. a petticoat, value 24s. a shirt, value 8s. a frock, value 8s. a tippet, value 1s. and a pocket-handkerchief, value 1s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Lacey
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  LACEY
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 34, Charles-street, Goodman's-fields


. I am a gunmaker
, and work in the Tower: On the 30th of August, I lost the things named in the indictment, from my bed-room, a little before seven in the morning, when I was fetched home; I have not found any of them since.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LACEY
               



            , Junior, sworn. - About six o'clock in the morning, my father called me to get up, I laid a few minutes, and heard somebody lift up the latch, and go up stairs; in five or six minutes after, I heard the person come down again, upon which I jumped out of bed, for I laid below next the street, and caught the prisoner with a bundle under his arm; I asked him what business he had there; he said, he went up to Mr. Williams, but he was not at home; we had no lodgers at all; I tried to pull him back, and get the bundle from him, but he overpowered me, and made his escape; I don't know what was in the bundle.


                  JOHN 
                  BASSETT
               



             sworn. - I took the prisoner into custody, but found nothing on him; he said, he was at Rotherhithe, when the robbery was committed.
Prisoner's defence. I had been to Deptford, and was there when he says the robbery was committed; I know nothing of it, I happened to go into a public-house for a pint of beer, and they came and took me. GUILTY, aged 30.
Of 


               stealing goods to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Hotham.
