





26. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TROTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of October
, fifteen yards of cotton, value 2 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dowding
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
- GARDINER sworn. - I am shopman to Mr. Dowding, a linen-draper
, in Redcross-street


: On Saturday evening, the 22d of October, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, as my fellow-servant and I were behind the counter, we were informed that some people of a suspicious character were about the house; I kept a strict eye to the door, and in about half an hour after that I saw the prisoner come up to the door-post; I then saw him come into the shop, and take a parcel, which is here; as soon as he laid hold of it, I rushed out; I followed him about twenty yards, and laid hold of him by the collar; with assistance I got him back to the shop; he asked me what I wanted with him, and I asked him what he wanted with that parcel; he said, I must be mistaken in the person; I told him, I had never lost sight of him from the time he took the parcel; after that he went down upon his knees, and begged pardon, he hoped I would forgive him.


                  JAMES 
                  HARDING
               



             sworn. - I live opposite the prosecutor; I watched the prisoner and three more lurking about the prosecutor's window full three quarters of an hour; I waited about ten minutes, and then I told the young man there were such people; I kept upon the watch, and saw the prisoner at the window again; I went towards Beach-street, and heard the cry of, stop thief! they had got him in the shop before I could get back; I assisted in taking him to the Compter; in Long-lane there was a gang of twenty of them, or more; they swore they would have him from us; one of them gave me a very violent blow on the head.


                  JOHN 
                  GIBBONS
               



             sworn. - I was watching with the last witness; I saw the prisoner step into the shop; he came out again directly, and the young man after him, crying, stop thief! I ran across the road and collared him; I assisted in taking him back; I can swear to the man.


                  RICHARD 
                  CONSTABLE
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I assisted in taking him to the Compter.


                  GEORGE 
                  CHILD
               



             sworn. - I am a cabinet-maker; I was coming across Smithfield when they were bringing the prisoner along; I had a bundle in my hand, and I was beat and cut dreadfully with sticks and their fists.


                  JOSHUA 
                  BRAY
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I took charge of the prisoner, and took him towards the Compter; he went very quietly; there was amob of I suppose two hundred people; a gang of them came up to me with an oath, and desired me to let him go; they immediately began upon us with sticks, and I began with my stick, and we beat them off; I put the prisoner into the Lock and Key, and then we got a coach, and took him to the Compter; they cut the prisoner's head open as well as the rest; they beat me over the arm so, that I could not lie in my bed for a fortnight.
(The property was identified by Mr. Dowding.)
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence, but called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 24,




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
