






730. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  DANBY
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WELLINGS
               



             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of August

, a silk handkerchief, value 1s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Sedgwick
               



            , and the other for 


               receiving the same, knowing it to have been stolen
            .
THOMAS SEDCWICK sworn. - Q. What are you? - A. I belong to Drury-lane Theatre: On Monday, the 30th of August, about six o'clock in the evening, I lost my handkerchief in King-street, Holborn



; I did not know that I was robbed till Mr. Hall called to me from a window, and informed me I was robbed; I immediately put my hand by my pocket, and found my handkerchief gone; I went in pursuit of the prisoner, Wellings, who was pointed out to me by Mr. Hall; he was stopped within about five houses by Mr. Hill; Danby came up to him, and at that time the handkerchief dropped between them; I cannot say which of them dropped it. (Produces it.)


                  JAMES 
                  HALL
               



             sworn. - I was standing at my drawing-room window in King-street, Holborn; about six o'clock, on the 30th of August; I saw Mr. Sedgwick, whom I did not know at that time, coming up the street with a red pocket handkerchief hanging in part out of his pocket; I saw a tall man come up on tip-toe, and snatch the handkerchief out of his pocket.
Q. Do you know that tall man? - A. I cannot swear to either of the men; he furled up the handkerchief, put it behind him, and immediately another man came up, and took it of him, and immediately walked down the street; the man that took it, then turned round, and followed him; I instantly called out to Mr. Sedgwick, and told him, that this man had taken his pocket handkerchief from him; they immediately ran down the street, and I saw no more of it; I did not go out of my house.


                  JOHN 
                  HILL
               



             sworn. - I am a copyist at Covent-garden Theatre: On Monday, the 30th of August, between six and seven o'clock, going up King-street from Holborn towards the fields, I heard a cry of stop thief; I saw the prisoner, Wellings, running towards me, on the opposite side of the way; he called out in a tremulous, plaintive voice, do not, it is nothing; I stopped him, a young man came up, and he gave me a violent blow; while I had hold of him, Danby came down the street, and ran against us both; he had his arm round Wellings; I did not know then what was the matter, till I heard some person say there is another of the thieves; Danby then ran up the street, and in about a minute or two he was brought back again; at that instant somebody said, there is your handkerchief, sir; upon which Mr. Sedgwick stooped, and picked it up close to the prisoners; Danby fell down upon his knees, and begged for mercy, and they were taken to Bow-street.
Danby's defence. I was going up King-street; I heard a cry of stop thief; a great many people were running, and I ran with the crowd, and was taken in the pursuit.
Wellings's defence. I was going up King-street; I heard the alarm of stop thief; I ran when I got within two yards of Holborn; Mr. Sedgwick laid hold of me, I am quite innocent of the crime.
The prisoner, Danby, called his father, who gave him a good character for honesty, but said, he had got into loose company lately.
Danby, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Wellings, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
