





579. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  JEFFERSON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2nd of July
, an apron, value 1 s. 6 d. a pair of stockings, value 1 s. and three quarters of a yard of cotton, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Morris
                  




               
            .
ANN MORRIS. I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Morris
               



            , we live at No. 10, King-street, Cloth Fair


. On the 2nd of July, between the hours of three and four o'clock, I went out, I was out about half an hour; I heard an alarm that there was somebody in my room; when I went up stairs my landlord had got the knob of the door in his hand; he asked me if I had not got the key. I gave him the key. he opened the door; when I went in the prisoner at the bar was standing behind the door, there was nothing taken out of the room; they were taken out of the drawer and tied upon the table; there was an apron, a pair of stockings, and a piece of red cotton check.
Q. You are sure that you had not left them on the table. - A. No, I had left them in the left hand drawer.
Q. Did you know the man. - A. No, I never saw him before I saw him in my room.
Prisoner. She has given her evidence in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Morris
               



            ; I am informed she is not his wife, she lives in adultery.
Mrs. Morris. I am his wife, I was married at St. Sepulchre's.


                  THOMAS 
                  PAGE
               



            . One of my lodgers, 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Coe
               



            , came down to me and said there was somebody in Mrs. Morris's room, and she knew Mrs. Morris was out. When I came up stairs I catched hold of the door and peeped through the key hole; I saw him in the room packing up as fast as he could, I saw these things in his hand, and I saw that property on him. When I got in the premises he had them in his hand; when I laid hold of him.
(The property produced and identified.)
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 48.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
