





431. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  PEARCE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of February
, twenty-eight pounds weight of sugar, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Croft
               



             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lewis
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am in partnership with Thomas Croft, we keep the Nag's Head stables

, Whitechapel


. On the 27th of February, about half past eight o'clock, I was going up my yard to look after the horses, on my return I went to shut the warehouse door it opens inwards, I put my left hand in, I caught hold of the prisoner, I said who is here, twice; the third time he said it is me; I said who is me; I caught hold of his collar, he had the parcel under his left arm; I brought him out of the door. The parcel was to go to Rumford; I called for assistance; my partner came to me; we secured him; I immediately put my name on the parcel.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KELLY
               



            . I am a porter; I delivered this parcel on the 27th of February to Mr. Lewis's post-boy; I know the parcel.


                  ROBERT 
                  GRAY
               



            . I received this parcel from 
               
                  Francis 
                  Kelly
               



            . I put it into the warehouse.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. Please you, my lord, I am a hackney coachman; I went out that day for one of the men; he asked me to go for his great coat.
Q. How came you to go into the warehouse - A. It is no warehouse; if I had been a mind to thieve it I might.
COURT. No, you could not; he got hold of you by the collar.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex, jury, before Mr. Recorder.
