





476. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WILTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               obtaining goods under false pretences
            , on the 6th of February
.


                  ROBERT 
                  GORDON
               



             sworn. - I am warehouseman to 
               
                  John and 
                        
                           
                              James 
                              Stirling
                           







            , of Bread-street


, calico printers

: On the 6th of February last, the prisoner came to our warehouse, and said, he wanted to look at a few prints; I asked him who they were for, and he said, for Waithman and Bristow; he looked out four pieces, and said, he would take them with him, as they wanted them immediately; I entered the goods and gave him a bill of them in their names; I asked his name, and he told me it was 
               
                  George 
                  Wilkinson
               



            ; I let him have the goods, and after he was gone, I missed a fifth piece, which was one piece more than he was to have, there were ninety yards; I then sent to Waithman and Bristow, saying, that their young man had taken a-piece by mistake; I saw no more of him till I was sent for before the Lord-Mayor, a considerable time afterwards, he was taken up for another offence; I knew him again immediately; Messrs. Waithman and Bristow were customers of ours, I am perfectly sure the prisoner is the man.
Prisoner. Q. Have you not charged another man with this offence, besides me? - A. No, I have not, nor have I any doubt of his person.
Prisoner. Q. He said, before the Lord-Mayor, that I wrote my name 
               
                  George 
                  Wilkinson
               



            , in the book? - A. No, I did not.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WAITHMAN
               



             sworn. - I know nothing of the prisoner, I never gave him order to go to Messrs. Stirling's for any goods; we do give them orders.


                  CHARLES 
                  BRISTOW
               



             sworn. - I never gave any orders to the prisoner to get this linen from Messrs. Stirling's, on our account, I never saw him before.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence, but called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
