





166. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BROWN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Barker
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of six in the night of the 1st of February
, and burglariously stealing sixteen muslin handkerchiefs, value 20s. four cotton handkerchiefs, value 4s. four pair of stockings, value 4s. six shirts, value 3l. a cotton counterpane, value 10s. and seven hundred and fourteen halfpence, value 1l. 9s. 9d. the property of the said James
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Alley.)


                  JAMES 
                  BARKER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Alley. I live at No. 19, Newcastle-street, Strand


; there are other lodgers in the house; I pay the rent for the principal part of the house; I pay my rent to Mr. Clayton, of Drury-lane.

Q. Does Clayton himself live in the house? - A. No; on the 1st of February, about six o'clock, I went up stairs to my own lodging, I found my room door broke open, that was between six and seven; I had not been in the apartment since the morning; I missed six shirts, four pair of stockings, four pocket-handkerchiefs, sixteen neck-handkerchiefs, a counterpane, and one pound nine shillings and nine-pence in halfpence; I had seen them the same morning; I immediately went to Bow-street for a warrant; when I returned, I saw the prisoner in the cellar, with a candle lighted; I saw him put the candle out, and saw him bring the goods out at the door, I was not a rod off him; I took him into custody going into his own house, with the property in his hands, (produces the articles mentioned in the indictment;) they have been in my custody ever since; I am confident they were all taken out of my house.
Q. Were your doors left fastened? - A. Yes, it appeared to be opened by a crow, and the boxes too, he confessed he had done it with a crow.
Mr. Jackson. Q. Before you say he confessed, let us know what you had said to him? - A. I wanted the bag of halfpence, and he said, if he let me know where the halfpence were, would I let him go, and I told him I would not; he told me where the halfpence were in the cellar, my man went down into the cellar, and brought them up to me.
Cross-examined by Mr. Jackson. Q. Does not the prisoner lodge in the same house with you? - A. No, he lives in the next house.
Q. What part of the house does Clayton occupy? - A. No part.
Q. This house has a number of lodgers? - A. Yes.
Q. They have all access into the house? - A. Yes.
Q. Has not any body access to the privy? - A. Yes.
Q. Did not Clayton go up to see the room door? - A. Yes.
Q. Did he not tell you, that the mark you supposed to be the mark of a crow, had been made a considerable time ago? - A. No.
Q. In the parish in which you live, I believe there is a particular reward offered for burglaries? - A. I believe so.
Q. You have got the bill in your pocket now, which you have exhibited? - A. No.
Q. Upon your oath, have you not said to Coleman, or Clayton, or Drew, how much you should get if this man was transported, and how much if he was hung? - A. I may have said, there were twenty pounds for me, in case he should be transported.
Q. What did you say you were to have, if he were to be hung? - A. I cannot say that I did.
Q. Will you venture to swear that you did not? - A. I will.
Q. You were not up stairs after the morning? - A. No.
Q. Then, at what hour your door might have been broke open you can have no conception? - A. No.
Q. Have you been unfortunate enough to be robbed since? - A. Yes; I am confident I have been robbed, but I cannot tell by whom.
Q. Do you happen to have charged any persons resident in your house? - A. Yes.
Q. Did these persons reside in your house at the time this robbery took place? - A. Yes.


                  RICHARD 
                  LIMBRICK
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Alley. I am one of the patrols belonging to Bow-street; on the 1st of February I went with the prosecutor to his house, the door appeared to have been violently burst open by a crow; I examined the boxes, and they appeared to have been broke open; I then went to search the prisoner's lodgings at the next door, to see if there was any other property that he had lost before, but I could not find any. (The property was produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
For the Prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLAYTON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Jackson. I am the landlord of the house in which the prosecutor lives.
Q. Do you occupy any part of it? - A. I have a warehouse in it, and a room with some furniture.
Q. You have a great number of lodgers? - A. Yes.
Q. Is it a sort of house to which a great many people have access? - A. Yes, the door is open at all hours; I was up in the three pair of stairs, from ten o'clock to one, when I went home to dinner, and returned between four and five; I then went into the room opposite Barker's, and staid till six; it was not then dark, and I must have heard if any body had broke it open while I was there.
Q. Did you see any appearance of force about the door? - A. Yes.
Q. Can you account for that? - A. Yes; about a twelvemonth ago, I let that room to a person that lost the key of it, and I was forced to break it open.
Q. Was that a mark that might have happened, from the time you broke the door? - A. No, there were some little shivers that were fresh.
Q. Have you ever had any conversation with Barker, about the reward offered by the parish? - A. I met him, and he pulled out a piece of paper, and said, I am entitled to this money, I said, I do not know, that is all the conversation that passed.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You yourself live in Drury-lane? - A. Yes.

Q. I understand you to say, that you went away at one o'clock, and returned between four and five? - A. Yes.
Q. You went away before six? - A. Yes; I went from there to Bow-street, it was then light.


                  GEORGE 
                  GOODMAN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Jackson. I am a confectioner by trade; I called upon Mr. Barker, with a person of the name of Drew, for the purpose of buying some salmon, and he began asking the prosecutor about the robbery, and he told me he should have twenty pounds if he was transported, and forty pounds if he was hung, and that made me know he did it entirely for gain.


                  CHARLES 
                  COLEMAN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Jackson. I live in the same house with the prisoner; I heard the word thief, and I went into the parlour.
Q. Did you hear any conversation with Barker and Brown, respecting some halfpence? - A. I heard Barker say, if he would tell him where the halfpence were, he would 
forgive him.
Q. Are you quite sure of that? - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You are no acquaintance of the prisoner's? - A. No further than knowing him, and drinking a pint of beer together.
Q. Where was it that this conversation passed? - A. I heard him say so as he came out of the parlour; he mentioned it when there were twenty people there.
Q. Were there any of the persons there that have been called as witnesses to-day? - A. No.
Q. What brought those twenty people there? - A. I cannot say.
Q. All the people that were there heard it? - A. They might not hear as well as me.
Q. You, of course, went before the Magistrate, to tell this story? - A. No, I did not; I went to fetch his poor distressed wife home.
Q. Who told you to come here to-day, and tell of this conversation? - A. The good man's wife did.
The prisoner called four other witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Prisoner's defence. I went into the kitchen to turn the water off, with a light in my hand, and I picked up these things under the water-tub; I was coming up stairs with them, when the prosecutor laid hold of me, and he told me, if I would tell him where the halfpence were, he would forgive me; I told him I heard something fall, and if there were any, they were in the cellar, but my candle went out, and I could not tell what it was.




               GUILTY of stealing goods to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
