






680. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MONTAGUE
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GADSBY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th of September
, four geese, value 8 s. and three ducks, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hodgson
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HODGSON
               



            . On Monday the 28th of September, on going out of my dwelling house. I saw that my ducks and geese were not out; upon opening the door where the ducks were I missed four out of eight, and turning to the other door where the geese were, I missed eight out of twelve.
Q. What o'clock was it. - A. About six in the morning.
Q. Had you seen them the night before. - A. No.
Q. You had not heard of any being missing the night before. - A. No: on the next day I came to London; I met Blackman and Crocker; they asked me if I had lost any geese or ducks, I said I had; they informed me they took two men on suspicion, and had found some ducks and geese upon them.
Q. Did you know either of these ducks and geese upon seeing them again. - A. Yes.
Q. They shewed you some ducks and geese, did not they. - A. Yes; they requested my attendance at Bow-street; these four geese and three ducks were produced at the office.
Q. Upon their being produced did you know any of them to be yours. - A. Yes.
Q. Which of them. - A. One goose in particular, which had a dark wing and a light one.
Q. Was there any thing so particular in the darkness of one wing and the lightness of the other, that enabled you to know it, or was there any other circumstance. - A. Yes, I know it both from the size and the colour; I believe it to be mine.
Q. Besides the colour you believed it to be yours. - A. Yes.
Q. Was Tibble with you. - A. Yes.
Q. Now on one of the ducks was there any thing particular about that. - A. He had put a mark on that. I knew there was a lame duck, I did not know which; one goose was the smallest of the flock, it was lame, and upon that account it was smaller than the rest; I recollected that goose; I had no doubt of these two geese being my property.


                  JAMES 
                  TIBBLE
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Hodgson.
Q. Do you remember these ducks and geese being missed. - A. Yes.
Q. You saw these ducks and geese when Blackman and Crocker produced them. - A. Yes; they all answered to the colour of what my master's were.
Q. The colour is common, was there any particular circumstance that you knew either of them by. - A. There was one duck that had a broken leg; I am sure that was my master's.
Q. Had you observed it for any length of time. - A. Yes, about two years; I knew it to be the same by the broken leg, and the colour was the same; I knew it by the colour and size, as well as the broken leg; it was the left leg, and that had a left leg broken.


                  EDWARD 
                  CROCKER
               



            . I am one of the patrol belonging to the office at Bow-street. On Monday the 28th of last month, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was with Blackman in High-street, St. Giles's; I observed the two prisoners going along the opposite side of the way; one had a sack with him, and the other a bag on their backs. I communicated by suspicion to Blackman, and while we were looking at them Gadsby heaved the sack up on his shoulder; there was a feather came out; we concluded then they had got some poultry; we followed them and took them in custody; on 
               Montague
             I found four geese in the sack; in his pockets I found nine snares, what is generally used in catching of hares. Blackman searched the other, he found three ducks on him By the magistrate's direction we went down the road towards Edgware, to find out the owner. Montague said he bought them of a man at Bushy; Gadsby said before that he bought his of a man in London in the street. Blackman and I the next day went towards Bushy.
Q. Do these men live at Bushy. - A. Near it. We happened to enquire of the prosecutor's servant as he was driving his master's team if he knew of any person that had lost any poultry; he told us his master had on Sunday night, he told us where his master lived, he told us that his master was behind him in a one horse cartWe were at the Red Lion at Edgware when the master came up; I asked him if he had lost any ducks or geese, he said he had lost nine geese and four ducks; he came on the Thursday following to Bow-street, when the men were re-examined; these are the two wings that we cut off the goose, one is brown and the other is white. Blackman has the foot of the duck that is lame; this is the sack in which the geese were, which I found on Montague.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLACKMAN
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. About four o'clock on the afternoon of the 28th of September, I was with Crocker in Broad-street, St. Giles's; Crocker said there is something going along. I think it is poultry; the men were at the corner of Dyot-street, they walked a little further; Gadsby hoisted up this bag on his shoulder, there was a feather flew out, Crocker said it was poultry; we followed them out of Broad-street into High Holborn; I said I will walk them home, we were right opposite the watchhouse; I shoved them into a public house and searched them; in Gadsby's bag there was three ducks. Out of his pocket I took thirteen snares used for catching of hares.
Q. Did you observe the manner in which they were killed. - A. Yes; they were taken up by the head and swung round, and broke the middle of the neck, the necks were broke of every one; they were killed that way because they do not make any noise. Montague said he bought them at Bushy; Crocker examined Gadsby in another room; he said he bought them in town.
Q. Did they name the persons they bought them of. A. They could not tell who they bought them of.
Q. Did you observe any thing particular about one of these ducks. - A It was a lame duck, it was hurt in the foot; the prosecutor's servant swore to it at Bow-street.
Q. Did Tibble make the same observations at Bow-street as he did just now in court. - A. Yes. I have got the foot. (producing it.)
Montague's Defence. I bought mine of a man in Bushy.
Gadsby's Defence. I bought the three ducks of a higler in Oxford-street.
MONTAGUE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 41.
GADSBY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 31.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
