





879. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     CABLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 16th of October
, a watch, value 1 l. 1 s. a gold pin, value 5 s. and a shawl, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dyer
                  




               
            .
JANE DYER. My husbands name is 
               
                  William 
                  Dyer
               



            , he is a publican
, we keep the Mitre, Mitre-court, Duke's-place


. The prisoner lived servant
 with me eight weeks.
Q. When did you lose these things. - A. On the 16th of October, I missed them on the 17th. We had a coachman lodged in our house, he lost all his property in our house; on searching for his property I found out I was robbed. A constable searched the prisoner's box and found my shawls, in it some bread, butter, tea, and candles. The shawl was taken out of my room, I had seen it there. The Sunday before I lost a watch and a gold pin, they have never been found.


                  CHARLES 
                  BLOXAM
               



            . I am a constable. On the 18th of October, I went to Mr. Dyer's house, Mr. Dyer told me the coachmen had been robbed to a considerable amount. He gave me charge of his servant, the prisoner refused to give me the key of the door for some time, at last the key was produced. I searched her box and found a shawl in it, which Mrs. Dyer swore to he her property; the watch and pin has not been found.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not know any thing of it. It was very cold, I took an old coat from the stair-case to put on the bed, the shawl was in the coat; my box was open I throwed it into my box, I thought nothing of it.




               GUILTY
            , aged 25,
Of stealing the shawl only.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
