





443. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     LEA
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of June
, a silver milk-pot, value 20 s. three silver tea-spoons, value 3 s. and a pair of sugar tongs, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     White
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  DUBBLE
               



             sworn. - I am a bookseller: On the 25th of June, when I first saw the prisoner, she was tying the milk-pot between her legs with her garter; she was in company with a man; I asked her where she got it, seeing it about her leg, and she swore at me.

Q. She had pulled up her petticoats, and tied it about her leg? - A. Yes; I followed her as far as Portland-street; I then saw Mr. Haywood, and I told him of it, and he cut it off from her leg, and took her to the watch-house.
Q. What became of the man that was with her? - A. He ran away.
Q. Did he go away before the woman was apprehended, or after? - A. Before she was apprehended.
Prisoner. He saw the man with me that gave me the things.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAYWOOD
               



             sworn. - I am a butcher; I live with Mr. Davis, in Newgate-market, he is a salesman: On Tuesday evening, the 25th of June, about seven o'clock, I was going from Newgate-market to Clare-market, and there, outside of the watch-house door, I saw a large body of people; I supposed there was somebody in the stocks opposite the watch-house door; the prisoner at the bar was leaning over the rails, she was three parts intoxicated in liquor; when I went up, the other witness that has just gone down told me that the prisoner had got a mug hanging between her legs; I put my hand down, but could not feel it; I lifted her petticoats half way up, and this mug was hanging between her legs.
Q. I understood him that it was hanging about her leg? - A. I cannot be positive; it was hanging before her tied with a blue ribbon; I laid hold of it, and cut it off with a pair of scissars, and put her into the watch-house; I fetched a constable, and gave charge of her to him; he came in, and searched her afterwards, and found a pair of sugar tongs upon her, and two duplicates - one for two spoons, and the other for one, and some silver and halfpence she had in her bosom.
Q. Did she say any thing? - A. She was very much in liquor; it was a very hard matter to get any thing from her; I produce the milk-pot.


                  EDWARD 
                  KING
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I searched the prisoner, I found on her this silver sugar tongs, which I produce, I found two duplicates, a half crown, and two shillings; I produce one duplicate of one spoon which the pawnbroker has got.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STUBBING
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker's servant; I produce a tea-spoon pledged for half a crown, on the 25th of June, by the prisoner; I know her person.


                  RICHARD 
                  WHITE
               



             sworn. - Q. Do you know any thing of this woman? - A. I never saw her before she was brought to Bow-street; on the 30th, I think, I went to Bow-street; on the 25th day of June, very near five in the afternoon, I was coming up stairs to my chambers in the Temple


, I saw a great coat left on the outside of the door, and on looking at it, I found it was my own; I went in and looked at the plate, where we usually keep it, and missed these articles; I thought no more of it; I went out of town, on my arrival, I heard of this plate being found; this plate I saw by mere accident, perhaps half an hour before it was taken.
Q. What time of the day was that? - A. I think it must be taken near half past four in the afternoon.
Q. Now look at it - Do you know it to be your's? - A. I have not the least doubt of all the articles; my name is on the tea-tongs, the spoon, and the cream-pot.
Prisoner's defence. I was going through Covent-garden market, I met with a young man; he asked me to have something to drink; I told him, I did not care; I walked on a little, while he felt in his pocket, and said, he had no money; he pulled out a spoon, and I went and pledged it; he said, it was the third spoon he had pledged that day; we walked on a great way, and he took this milk-pot out from under his jacket, and the sugar-tongs, he asked me to take them home, as he had got to go to Blackwall that night.
Q. How came you to conceal it between your legs? - A. The constable knew I had got no pockets, and I carried it in my hands a great way, and then I tied it to my garter.



               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
