






109. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     GEORGE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     NODES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 30th of December
, a cloak, value 9 s. a bed, value 30 s. a bolster, value 2 s. two pillows, value 2 s. a petticoat, value 6 d. two napkins, value 1 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Eleanor 
                           Brooks
                        




                     
                  , widow
, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Rafey
                     



.


                  ELEANOR 
                  BROOKS
               



            . Q. Are you a widow - A. I pass for a widow; my husband for twenty four years has been at sea, he has not been heard of, his name was 
               
                  John 
                  Brooks
               



            ; I lodge in Musgrove buildings, Homerton


, in John Rafey's house; I have only a one pair of stairs front room.
Q. Do you know either of them women at the bar - A. I know 
               
                  Sally 
                  George
               



             very well; the other I do not know so well.
Q. Did she lodge in the same house with you - A. Yes, in the next room.
Q. Did the other woman lodge in the house - A. Yes, she came just before I went out nursing.
Q. When was it that you went out upon this occasion of nursing - A. I think it was on a Saturday. I cannot recollect.
Q. How long was it before you were alarmed with the loss of your things - A. I had been absent five weeks from my lodging.
Q. I suppose you meaned to return to your lodging - A. Yes.
Q. Was the furniture in the room your own or your landlords - A. It was my own.
Q. When you went out upon this occasion who did you give the key of your room - A. 
               
                  Sarah 
                  George
               



            .
Q. What was she to take the key for - A. I was very ill before I went out; she was very good in doing things for me, and so I liked the girl; I told her to take care of my bed and keep it aired; I did not know but I might not return ill again.
Q. Had you mentioned to her how long you supposed you should be absent - A. She knew I was to be absent a month; I was absent five weeks.
Q. Had you returned in the space of that time to your lodging - A. I believe I might be once, but I cannot recollect.

Q. How far was it of that you went to nurse - A. I think it was a mile.
Q. When was it while you were absent from your lodgings that you received any alarm that brought you back - A. On the Saturday morning before my month was up on the Sunday; it was a Saturday in Christmas time.
Q. Was it the Saturday before Christmas day - A. No, it was Saturday morning: after I received some information from the landlord and his wife, they came to me.
Q. In consequence of something they told you did you go to your lodgings - A. Yes.
Q. When you returned to your room what did you discover - A. A naked room; my drawers were stripped of my clothes, and my box was stripped.
Q. Among other things did you miss the articles in the indictment - A. Yes, and more.
Q. You missed a cloak, a feather bed, a bolster, two pillows, two napkins, and two chairs - A. Yes, out of my room.
Q. When did you see these articles again - A. On the Saturday; that same day I saw them: 
               
                  Sarah 
                  George
               



             came to me where I was nursing, saying that she would help me home with my things; that was after my landlord and landlady had been to me. Then I told my master, where I was, that she was the young woman that had robbed me.
Q. Then after having found that you missed these things from your room, you had gone back to the place where you were nursing - A. Yes.
Q. And then Sarah George came to you - A. Yes; my master sent for an officer; she was taken in custody on that same day.
Q. Where was it that you saw you things again - A. At 
               
                  George 
                  Corbyn
               



            's house; I saw all the things mentioned in the indictment.
Q. Where is 
               
                  George 
                  Corbyn
               



            's house - A. In Shepherd's lane, Homerton. They were delivered to Mr. Griffiths; I knew them to be mine.


                  JOHN 
                  RAFEY
               



            . I live at No. 13, Musgrove buildings Homerton; I rent the house and live in it.
Q. You let some part of it, we understand in lodgings - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember Mrs. Brooks coming to lodge with you - A. Yes; she came at the half quarter before Christmas; she had the one pair of stairs front room, and furnished it herself.
Q. Did the prisoner 
               
                  Sarah 
                  George
               



             come to lodge with you - A. Yes, they both came within a day or two; 
               
                  Sarah 
                  George
               



             lodged there seven weeks, the other prisoner came about a fortnight after; she lodged in the same room with George.
Q. Do you remember Mrs. Brooks going out to nurse as you understood - A. Yes.
Q. Did you know that the key of the room was left with Sarah George - A. Yes.
Q. When was it that you made any observations about this matter - A. On the 30th of December, a little after seven in the evening, I was coming home from my work; I saw Nodes carrying a box just by Homerton chapel, about fifty yards from my house; she was going as from my house.
Q. Did any thing pass between you and her - A. No; I heard her come in a little while after, that I took to be her; I did not see her; I was busy in a little back room; a little while after 
               
                  Sarah 
                  George
               



             came in and left a candle in the room while she went out; I was in my lower front room.
Q. Was the candle alight - A. It was in a candle stick; she used commonly to leave the candle there while she went out, it had been lighted; in about ten minutes she returned into the house again, lighted the candle she had left with me; she did not stay up stairs above a minute, and then she came down again; I had suspicion that they were leaving my room just for the week's rent; I saw something in her hand which I took for a candlestick.
Q. Did you see the other prisoner with her at that time - A. No; I heard her speak to the other prisoner when I was in the back room; on my having suspicion that they were leaving my lodgings, I ran up stairs, I saw both doors locked; Sarah George's room door, and Mrs. Brooks' room door; I saw a light through the key hole, in Mrs. Brooks' room; I saw the bed and curtains on fire.
Q. You mean the feather bed - A. Yes, the bed and curtains; I bursted open the door and tore down the hangings of the bed, and put the flames out, and cried out fire; I saw Mrs. Brook's drawers were stripped, and the room pretty near stripped of the things.
Q. Till this time you had not been aware of any thing being missing from Mrs. Brook's room - A. No; I saw the things the next day at 
               
                  George 
                  Corbyn
               



            's house in Shepherd's lane; I knew a great many of the things.
Q. Had she more beds than one - A. Yes.
Q. Then part of the articles you saw was a bed at Corbyn's - A. Yes.
Q. It was on Friday you discovered what you have mentioned and on Saturday you saw the things at Corbyn's - A. Yes.
Q. Mrs. Brooks had told us that Mrs. George was apprehended at her masters where she was nursing - A. Yes.
Q. When was Nodes taken - A. On the Saturday, just by the room where the goods were taken; I was there.
Q. Do you know whether the prisoner Nodes had access to that room as well as George - A. I do not think she had so much.
Q. Had you ever seen her there - A. I cannot say that ever I had.
Q. George and Nodes lodged together in the same room in the house - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Curwood. You did not know any thing of the state of the room before you went up to it that day - A. No.
Q. You do not know whether the things were there before - A. I do not know whether they were that day or not.
Q. How do you know they were there any other day - A. I knew Mrs. Brooks had a great many nice clothes, and many other things; I moved her goods from her lodgings to my house.
Q. But whether Mrs. Brooks, or any body else might have taken them away, you cannot say of your own knowledge - A. Mrs. Brooks was not at home to have taken them away.


                  GEORGE 
                  CORBYN
               



            . I am a coachman; I live in Shepherd's lane.
Q. How far is Shepherd's lane from Musgrove place - A. About a quarter of a mile from Rafey's.
Q. Do you know the two prisoners - A. I have seenthem since they came to lodge at my house.
Q. When was it they came to you - A. They came last Monday was a fortnight and took the room.
Q. Did they come together - A. No, George came first.
Q. Did you know her before that time - A. No; she took the room of my wife, I was not at home, I did not see her then; I saw her on the Wednesday, and I saw Nodes on the Thursday; I saw them go into the room on the Thursday with several bundles; they brought in the bed between them. On the Friday night they came into the room; the things were found in my house on the Saturday by Sharman, the constable; they were left that night in the room, and both the prisoners were taken to the cage; they were both brought there on the Saturday, and Mrs. Brooks came and owned the things; the things were delivered to Mr. Griffiths.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHARMAN
               



            . I am an headborough. On the 31st of December I took 
               
                  Sarah 
                  George
               



             where Mrs. Brooks was nursing; the other I took from Corbyn's.
Q. Did you see the things that were found in the house - A. I did; they were left there that night; they were delivered on Monday to Mr. Griffiths.
Q. Did you see the things that were set fire to - A. Yes; at Rafey's.
Q. Was the fire in more than one part of the hangings - A. Yes, several places, and one place in the bed, and in the sacking, and the curtains; there were some shavings between the tick and the sacking.


                  DEBORAH 
                  RAFEY
               



            . Q. You are the wife of John Rafey - A. Yes. I was not at home at the time; I saw the appearance of fire in the room; 
               
                  Sarah 
                  George
               



             was left in trust with the key.


                  JAMES 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I went to Corbyn's to fetch the goods away, I found them in a little room up one pair of stairs; I have had the care of them ever since.
The property produced and identified.
George's Defence. I leave it to the gentlemen of the jury.
Nodes's Defence. The same.
George called two witnesses, who gave her a good character.
GEORGE, GUILTY, aged 17.
NODES, GUILTY, aged 18.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty nine shillings only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
