





408. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BUDD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of February
, 80lb. of lead, value 20s. affixed to a certain building, called a house
            , belonging to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Warren
               




            .
Second Count. Charging him with feloniously ripping and cutting the like quantity of lead, with intent to steal it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WARREN
               



             sworn. - I am a carpenter
; I have a house situated in George-court, Red Lion-street, Clerkenwell; a few days prior to my detecting the prisoner at the bar, I discovered I had lost the greatest part of the lead from the tops of three of my houses, all occupied, NO. 1, 2, and 3; I gave information at Hatton-garden; I suspected the prisoner, and Mr. Bleamire wished me to wait a while, and I had some bills printed; after I found I had lost so much lead, I noticed the pipe which served the house with water, and it was very safe against the wall on Monday the 14th of February; there were two lodgers in the house; on the Saturday afternoon following, between five and six o'clock, I went with an intention to put a padlock on the door, and recollecting I had better see whether the lodgers were all gone or not, I went into the house, and at the further end of the passage, I discovered the prisoner at the bar rolling up this lead-pipe; the pipe was all secure against the wall three or four days before; I said to him, what business have you with it; he said, he heard the water running in the cellar, and he went down to see what was the matter, and he saw the pipe had all fell down, and he had taken it up into the yard, and rolled it up, and put it by for me in one corner of the yard; I collared him, and took him into custody immediately (the lead produced); this lead was fixed to the building with a wall-hook; it is my property.
Prisoner's defence. I lodged in the house; I was going to quit the house that evening; I went down to get some water to wash my hands, and could not get any; the pipe was bursted with the frost, and had fell down; there was no hold-fast to it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
