





411. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of February
, 200 pounds weight of lead, value 4os. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Felix 
                           Calvert
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Landbroke
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Calvert
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Calvert
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Whitmore
                        



                     
                  , fixed to a certain dwelling-house of theirs
            .
Second Count. Charging it to be fixed to a certain building of theirs.


                  GEORGE 
                  WEST
               



             Sworn. - I am copper to Mr. Calvert: I went with the keys to open the house the sign of the Coal-hole in the Strand


: I opened the door, and in the passage I saw a man, the house was an empty one; the man made a rush, but I stopped him, and asked where he was going; he said he was going after somebody, but I don't recollect the name; I collared him, and a friend of mine assisted me; I perceived his shoes to be dirty with mortar, I then sent to Bow-street for assistance, and we searched the house; there was a copper gone, the beer machine, and a quantity of lead; we matched it, and it exactly fitted; it was packed up ready to be taken away.


                  THOMAS 
                  WATSON
               



             Sworn. - I was with the last witness: I saw the prisoner in the passage, we secured him, and I went for Saver, the officer; I saw the lead compared, and it fitted exactly.


                  JOHN 
                  SAYER
               



             Sworn. - I am an officer: I took charge of the prisoner, I know nothing of the lead.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence, but called three witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
