





739. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  GUPPY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 23rd of October
, a waistcoat, value 18 s. three habit shirts, value 6 s. six pair of stockings, value 6 s. three pieces of bed linen, value 3 s. a pair of stays, value 3 s. and a shift, value 2 s. the property of William Henry Row, and a pair of stockings, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Woodward
                  




               
            , spinster
.


                  SARAH 
                  WOODWARD
               



            . Q. Are you a single woman. A. Yes, I am a servant
 to Mr. Row, No. 8, Panton place, Clekenwell


.
Q. Did you lose any of your clothes any time. - A. Yes, on Friday the 23d of October, between five and six in the evening; I had seen them in the garden a few minutes before they were taken; the garden was fenced in with a brick wall; I did not know that they were gone till six o'clock, I saw the man in custody; I saw the clothes at No. 17, Penton-place.
Q. Did you know the things again. - A. Yes.


                  ROGER 
                  ABBOT
               



            . On Friday the 23rd of October, between the hours of five and six, I discovered from our back room window (our house is No. 17,) three men in a lurking disposition, as I thought' in the field; they were below our house considerably, I very soon lost sight of them. I then went into our garden and raised myself above our fence; I then discovered that they had changed their position, and had gone immediately under a garden wall, where there were clothes hanging; I went into the house and asked for a stick; I then went into a neighbours below our house; I enquired if there were any gentlemen in the house, the servant told me there were several; I begged her to inform one of them I wanted to speak to him; when he came, I told him there were several ill disposed persons in the field. We went to the field where I had seen these men; looking up the hill, the field goes with an ascent all the way, we discovered objects moving, as I come up to Mr. Rowe's; I there saw one man on the terrace of the garden throwing clothes over the wall; I saw another man on the right take these clothes, and at the same instant I came up, there was a man that I had not observed till then, he was within a yard of me, and seeing the situation that my friend was in, at that time, I formed a resolution of securing him; I therefore gave him two violent blows on the head or neck; thinking that he was stunned, I mentioned to my friend to take him in charge, while I pursued the other.
Q. Was he one of the men in company with the others. - A. I have do doubt of it, he was close under the wall; the man that sprang from the wall took a left hand direction, the other took a right; I followed him till he dropped the bundle, and soon after that I gave the pursuit up; we brought up the clothes; this man was very quiet. I believe he was sufficiently stunned. I took him as an accomplice.
Q. Did he ask why he was taken. - A. No, he said he knew nothing at all about it.
Q. At the time you overtook and knocked him down, was he under the wall of this place. - A. I do not believe he was a yard from the summer house; he was immediately under the wall from where the linen was thrown out.
Q. You at first saw three, and he was one of them when the other made his escape from the wall. - A. Yes.
Q. He had not possessed himself of any article of this linen had he. - A. He had not.
MR. HALL. Were you desired by Mr. Abbot to assist in taking some suspicious people. - A. I was; when we got into the field, I thought we observed something; we went to Mr. Row's, a few yards before we came to the prisoner; I observed the man get over the wall, with something under his arm.
Q. How near was the man that was getting over the wall to the prisoner. - A. Not more than threeyards, if so much as that.
Q. Did the prisoner give any alarm at that time. - A. None in the least. I found the linen close down by him that Mr. Abbot pursued.
Q. Did you see any linen throwed over the wall. A. The man that got over the wall had linen between the prisoner and the man that run away, whom Mr. Abbot pursued; I secured the prisoner, he said he only came there to ease himself, he did not know any thing of the man that was not secured. I picked up the linen.
Q. It was getting dusk at this time, was it not. - A. It was.
Q. Was there any other person near him. - A. Not as I saw.
- PECKHALL. I am a constable. This man and the linen were delivered into my charge on the 23d of October, between five and six o'clock in the evening.
Q. When the prisoner was delivered over into your hands, did he say any thing about it. - A. He said that he knew nothing of the two men that were with him.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was out of work three weeks; I used to work at Mr. Smith's, Battle Bridge, I went to see if I could get work again about there. When it was dusk I went into the field to ease myself, and before I stooped the things were thrown over a little distance from me. I stood on my feet and looked at them for the space of a minute, and just as these two gentlemen were coming up, the two men that were over the wall got over back again and ran away; one of them struck me and called me a d - d villain. I asked him what it was for, he said he would tell me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            

Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
