





163. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MORGAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of January
, a silver watch, value 3l. the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Smith
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Smith
                     



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 8, Bethnal-green


, with my father, who is a shoemaker: Last Wednesday morning, about half past seven o'clock, me and my brother Nathaniel were lying in bed, by watch was hanging on the righthand side of the bed, I heard somebody lift up the latch of the door,and come up stairs, a lodger had gone out about twenty minutes before and left the door on the latch; I was lying awake, when the prisoenr came in and took my watch; I said, holloa, who is that, and he made no answer; I saw him take it off the nail with his right-hand; I did not say any thing to him, I was afraid he might have some weapon; as soon as he got out of the room, I went out in my shirt, and pursued him to the back of the Peacock, in Bethnal-green; I took him there, and found the watch upon him; he said he he was a poor man, had got a wife and two children, in Shoreditch, and hoped I would forgive him; I brought him back to my father's, and he put him in Bethnal-green watch-green watch-house.


                  HENRY 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. I am the father of the last witness: I came up when my son laid hold of the prisoner, I had seen the prisoner go out at the dor; I went after him, and came up with him just after my son had got hold of him; I took him into custody, and put him in the watch-house; he said he had a wife and children; the watch cost me three guineas, he has had it about two years.
Prisoner's defence. I have nothing to say.
GUILTY, aged 52.
Of 


               stealing goods to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
