





507. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CRIPPS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault upon 
                     
                        
                           Rebecca 
                           Fisher
                        



                     
                  , widow
, putting her in fear, and taking from her person and against her will, one shirt, value 8 s. and one handkerchief, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Tucker
                        



                     
                  ; - and one petticoat, value 10 s. two pair of stockings, value 6 s. a pair of shoes, value 3 s. a handkerchief, value 1 s. and a dollar, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        Rebecca 
                        Fisher
                     



                  , widow
            .
Second count for like offence, only laying the goods to be the property of 
               
                  Rebecca 
                  Fisher
               



            , widow.


                  REBECCA 
                  FISHER
               



            . I am a widow woman. On Friday, five weeks ago. I was on the Hampstead road, I was walking from London to Hampstead; I had a bundle in my hand.
Q. Where did you see the prisoner - A. I saw him in Camden town


, at a public house; I stopped there to get me half a pint of beer to drink.
Q. Was the prisoner at that public house - A. Yes, he was sitting on the table in the tap room; he asked me whether I was going to Hampstead; I told him I was going; and immediately he followed me after I went out of the door.
Q. What time in the evening was it - A. Half past nine o'clock; he asked me whether he should carry the bundle for me, I told him no; he pushed me by the arm off the curb into the horse road, and took the bundle from me, he snatched it out of my hand.
Q. You say he pushed you - did you resist him - A. I resisted his taking the bundle.
Q. In the first place, he asked you if he should carry the bundle - A. Yes.
Q. Then he pushed you - did not you push him away - A. No.
Q. Did not you say so before the magistrate - A. No; he pushed me and snatched the bundle out of my hand and ran away; I did not make any noise, because he had a large hammer with him.
Q. Where was this - A. It was between Camden town and Hampstead.
Q. You said nothing in going on to Hampstead - A. No; I met nobody but one gentleman, he was going in a single horse chaise, he took me home to Hampstead; every thing in the bundle belonged to me but the shirt and the handkerchief, and the shirt and the handkerchief were in my care.
Q. When did you see the man again - A. Five weeks afterwards I saw him in Hampstead town.
Q. Did you know him before - A. I never saw him before.
Q. Was it a light night or a dark night - A. It was a darkish night.
Q. Are you quite sure it was that man, the prisoner at the bar - A. Yes.
Q. Did you upon seeing him cause him to be taken up - A. I saw him on the Saturday at the Coach and Horses, Hampstead, drinking a pint of beer; on Thursday I gave information; I saw him on the Monday again; he was taken up on the Monday morning about ten o'clock.

Q. Did you ever see any of your things again - A. Only a neck handkerchief; my brother took it off his neck.
Q. What business do you follow - A. I live with my brother, and take in a little work.


                  THOMAS 
                  TUCKER
               



            . She told me of the man robbing her, and whose team he drove. I informed Mr. Read he had got my handkerchief on, when Mr. Read took him.
- READ. Q. You apprehended the prisoner on the Monday - A. Yes.
Q. Did you take a handkerchief off his neck - A. Yes Tucker said it was his handkerchief. I told the prisoner; I took him up for robbing Mrs, Fisher, he denied it very strongly; when I told him it was Tucker's handkerchief, he said he hoped his master would pay the money for him, he hoped they would let him go for a soldier.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought this handkerchief in Field Lane and that handkerchief of a sailor, he was broken down; this is hemmed with white thread.
GUILTY, aged, 28.




               Of stealing, but not violently from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
