





59. 
               
                  
                     LAWRENCE 
                     DEULY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2d of November
, three gowns, value 40 s. two petticoats, value 5 s. three pair of stockings, value 7 s. and one paper box, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Penfold
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  PENFOLD
               



            . I am an errand-cart carter
. I lost a paper box from my cart on the 2nd of November, between one and two o'clock, my cart was standing at the Opera tap in the Haymarket


; I had seen the paper box not a quarter of an hour before; I stopped there to bait the horse; I received it safe from my own house in the cart. Moels the witness brought the prisoner into the Opera tap, he said, countryman, who owns this box, I said that box belongs to my cart; it was directed to 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Roberts
               



            , at Mr. Fox's, Brunswick square; I brought it from Beckenham; that box was taken from the cart; it never has been opened; they demanded five pounds if I did not produce the property. I have never seen what was in it.


                  THOMAS 
                  MOELS
               



            . I am a scavenger's man. I was at work in the Haymarket. On the 2nd of November, between one and two, I saw the prisoner at the bar in the Haymarket, and a young man with him; I noticed him and the young man being about St. Martin's parish and in Drury-lane.
Q. Did you know Penfold's errand cart. - A. I had seen it against the Opera house tap.
Q. Did you see the prisoner do any thing to the cart. - A. A young man that was with him took the band box out of the cart and delivered it to the prisoner; as soon as I saw that I left my cart and seized the prisoner directly with the property upon him.
Q. You did very properly indeed - what became of the young man. - A. He ran away.
Q. Were they both together when you laid hold of the prisoner. - A. No, the young man might be twenty yards from the prisoner; I seized the prisoner by the collar, I says that is not your property, come along with me; he said I shall not run away; I said I will take care you shall not; I took him into the Opera tap, and asked who owned the property.
Q. Then you found an owner for the box. - A. Yes, I held the prisoner till the officer came; the box was delivered into the bar of the Opera tap. (The box produced.)
Q. Is that the same box that you took from the prisoner. - A. Yes.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was hired to carry it into some street at the Opera tap door, into Suffolk-street; I said to the young man that hired me, I was willing to carry it any where; he went up to the cart and gave it me; he had a smock frock on, I did not know him from Adam. When I saw the people were running, I did not attempt to run away, I was looking to see where they were running to. I did not know but what the man that gave me the parcel belonged to the cart.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
