






268. 
               
                  
                     JONATHAN 
                     NEALE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     NORRIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 18th of February
, sixty four pigeons, value 3 l. 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Pope
                  




               
            , esq.


Second count for feloniously stealing sixty four tame pigeons, value 3 l. 4 s. from a certain dove cote, belonging to 
               
                  William 
                  Pope
               



            , esq.
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POPE
               



            , ESQ. Q. You live at Hillingdon, in the county of Middlesex


. - A. Yes.
Q. I understand you have a dove cote in your yard under which is your coach house. - A. Yes.
Q. On the night of the 17th of February was your dove cote perfectly safe when you and your family retired to rest. - A. It was. In the morning when I got up I discovered one of the windows of the pigeon house had been broken open; in consequence of that I went to Mr. Fox's, the Old Hat, as I very well knew a great many pigeons were shot at there.
Court. How far is that from your house. - A. About seven miles from my house in the road to London. I saw Mr. Fox, I enquired of him whether he had bought any pigeons that morning; he acknowledged that he had, about six o'clock; I think he said five dozen and four; in consequence of that I sent Laban, my man, there immediately to identify them.
- LABAN. Q. You are a servant to Mr. Pope. A. Yes. On the morning of the 18th of February, about a quarter before seven in the morning I discovered my master's dove cote had been broken.
Q. Do you know how many pigeons there were on the over night. - A. I do not.
Q. Were there more than five dozen. - A. Yes, a good many more.
Q. How could any body have got to the window. - A. Not without a long ladder; there was a ladder in the rick yard.
Court. You mean the ladder in the rick yard would have reached that window if it had been set up against it. - A. Yes. When I got in the pigeon house there were several pigeons in the pigeon house; the top of it was stuffed with hay.
Q. Is it so stuffed of a night. - A. No; only as the thieves this night stopped them for the convenience of taking them; I informed Mr. Pope that the dove house had been broken open; I went to the Old Hat, I enquired for 
               Thomas
             the ostler; he shewed me some pigeons in a basket, they were alive.
Q. Was your pigeons all wild, or some tame and some wild. - A. Some tame and some wild; they were a mixed breed; by that reason I knew them. There were two pigeons that I knew, I found them at the Old Hat, they were a lead colour, and feathered nearly down to the toe; I had missed those as a part that were taken. I turned two of the pigeons out, and one was shot at.
Court. Did you ever get any back. - A. No.
Q. What day did you go to the Old Hat. - A. On Thursday.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . Q. You are a constable, you were desired to go and apprehend Neale. - A. Yes; I went to Hounslow on Saturday morning, I was there by day light; I could not find Neale there; I came home again. On the Saturday afternoon I found Griffin at Hounslow, I told him for what I apprehended him; his wife said that she knew that he was not with them when the pigeons were sold at the Old Hat. Griffin lodged in Norris's house.
Court. What is Norris. - A. It is a small shop, with a few things in the window.
Q. What is Neale - A. He is a carpenter. I started again at three o'clock to Housnlow. On Monday morning I took Norris at Hounslow in bed; I told him for what I took him; he said Griffin was a fool. I took him to Hillingdon, he was committed; I took him to Clerkenwell prison.


                  JOHN 
                  COOK
               



            . Q. You are a constable. - A. Yes; I apprehended Neale at the Waterman's Arms, the Surry side of Westminster bridge; he made a desperate resistance; I succeeded in taking him. I told him what I apprehended him for; he said Griffin had told a lie, he did not fetch the ladder out of the rick yard, the ladder was put up against the dove house for him to get up.
JOSEPH FOX. Q. You keep the Old Hat, we understand.- A. Yes.
Q. I understand that the diversion of pigeon shooting goes on very much at your place. - A. It does.
Q. Did Mr. Pope call on you on the morning of the 18th of February. - A. Yes. On that morning a little after six, I bought five dozen and four pigeons of the prisoner Neale; I gave him fourteen shillings a dozen. I said to him I have heard of a number of depredations, I hoped there were nothing of this kind, he fell a laughing and said you may depend these came from about thirty miles up the country; Mr. Pope's man brought two out that he knew to be his master's pigeons.
Q. Had you known Neale before. - A. Yes, I had bought pigeons of him before, at various times.
Q. You said Mr. Pope's man brought two pidgeons out; had those pigeons that he brought out their feathers down their legs. - A. I did not take notice.
Q. Did Neale come to you alone with the pigeons. - A. No, there was another man with him. I think I should know him.
Q. Did you afterwards desire your ostler to give a description were these men might be found. - A. Yes, and he went with the constable to help find them out.


                  THOMAS 
                  BARNABY
               



            . - Mr. Knapp. What are you. - A. I am the ostler at the Old Hat.
Q. Do you remember Laban coming to you. - A. Yes, he went and saw the pigeons. I was present on the morning they were brought; Neale and another man brought them between six and seven, I knew Neale before, he goes by the name of the carpenter.
Q. After these pigeons were recognised by Mr. Pope's servant, did you go with the constable to find Neale. - A. Yes, I went with him to Hounslow.


                  JOHN 
                  CRUTCHLEY
               



            . - Mr. Knapp. Where do you live, I live at the Vine Inn, Hillingdon; the church yard parts my house from the prosecutors.
Q. Do you remember seeing either of the prisoners on the 18th of February. - A. Yes, both of them; they were in company together, they came in I believe about three o'clock in the afternoon; they staid about an hour and a half, there were four of them two of the four went out, Griffin and another went out, and staid more than an hour. Neale staid in my house and another man; Griffin came back after they were gone, and asked where his partners were; I said they were both gone.
Q. Are you quite sure that the two prisoners at the bar were two of the four that where at your house on that day. - A. Yes.


                  ANTHONY 
                  GRIFFIN
               



            . - Mr. Knapp. What are you. - A. I am a labourer, I live at Hounslow.
Q. Were you in company of the two prisoners, and a man of the name of Jakeman. - A. Yes, we started from Hounslow at one o'clock in the day; we all went together to Hillingdon, we there stopped at the Vine, and had some victuals and drink, afterwards Samuel Norris and I went out, and we passed the prosecutor's house.
Q. Did you know the prosecutor's house before. - A. No, we passed by there to see whether there was a dove house or not; we returned to the Vine, then Jakeman and I came out, and left Neale and Norris, to pay the reckoning; Jakeman and I passed by the prosecutor's house, and gave another look, we expecting the two prisoners were following of us, they were not, we went back to the Vine, they were not there; we found them at the Adam and Eve; we all stopped at the Adam and Eve till the landlord told us it was time to shut the house up.
Court. What time was that. - A. Between ten and eleven; we then left the house and went to Hayes to a dove cote up a lane opposite the Adam and Eve; not finding a ladder to that dove cote we went back to Hillingdon, it was then about one o'clock; there was a light in the prosecutor's house, we went into the prosecutor's yard, we got some hay and laid down in the waggon till two o'clock, then we took the ladder.
Q. Who took the ladder. - A. I think Jakeman and Neale. I took the hay; we then set the ladder to the dove cote; Neale took the hay up to stuff the holes of the dove cote, then we shifted the ladder to the other side of the prosecutor's house that we might not be seen, I went up the ladder first and pulled some tiles off, I found I could not get in by reason of some rafters. Neale pulled out some laths from the window and got in; he then handed me out at different times five dozen and five pigeons; one pigeon was smothered before he got to the bottom of the ladder, then there were five dozen and four.
Q. What did you with the dead pigeon. - A. I carried it home.
Q. Where did you live yourself. - A. I lodged at Samuel Norris's at Hounslow. We put the pigeons in three bags and two baskets that we had with us and came on the road to Windmill hill near Hanwell. Norris and I then delivered the pigeons to Jakeman and Neale.
Mr. Knapp. How were these pidgeons to be disposed of. - A. They were to be taken to Mr. Fox at the Old Hat. I received the share of my money; Jakeman paid me. I asked Neale if Mr. Fox knew how we got the pigeons, he said yes, he did not care how we got them; he said he had described to him where the dove cotes were.
Neale's Defence. He has said a very false thing about Mr. Fox, Mr Fox never told me such a thing in all my life
Norris's Defence. He has spoken false about Mr. Fox.
NEALE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.
NORRIS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
