





467.
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     PARSONS
                  




               
             was indicated for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of March
, ninety-five pounds weight of beef, value 3l. 9s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Yates
                  




               
            .( The case was opened by Mr. Mantagur.)


                  FREDERICK 
                  LISTER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Montague. I am errand-boy to Mrs.Yates, No.92, Fetter-lane: On Monday the 9th of March last, the prisoner came and took a rump and a loin of beef away; he said there was a mistake about that beef, he was to take it to Islington; he immediately put a cloth upon his shoulder, and put the beef upon the cloth; he said it was bought at Mr. Gordon's, in Newgate-market, and then went away with it; I went after him, and overtook him at the corner of Hatton-garden, he was walking as fast as he could, with the meat upon his shoulder; I asked him where he was going to take that bees to; he said to Islington; I immediately left him, and went to Mr. Gordon's; a day or two afterwards I saw him at Hatton-garden, and knew him again.
Q. Have you any doubt about his being the man?
- A. None; I told him he had taken the beef, but he did not say any thing to it.

Q. THOMAS STRICKLAND
             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Montague. I lodge in the house of Mrs. Yates, she is a widow
 woman, her name is Margaret; I went in pursuit of the prisoner, and overtook him in Hatton-garden; I passed him, and looked at him three several times full in the face; the prisoner said, what do you mean, or what do you want, I cannot exactly say which; I told him a piece of beef had been stolen from Mrs. Yates's in Fetter-lane; he said he had bought the beef of Phil. Gordon; I think that was his expression; he said he would go there, or wherever I pleased; he was upon the run when I came up to him, as well as he could with so large a piece of beef upon his shoulder; I suffered him to proceed, not knowing what piece of beef it was that was lost; about three quarters of an hour afterwards, I went with the journeyman in search of the prisoner, and found him in Cow-cross; I then asked him to go to Islington, where he described that he was going; he went along with us a few yards, seemingly contented, and then several times attempted to make his escape; he got away, and I pursued him, and saw him taken by a constable, I never lost fight of him; the boy was shewn into two rooms, and very much cautioned, and then he came into a dark room, where the prisoner was, he immediately said, that is the man that stole the beef; the prisoner said he was not, and used very abusive language.
ALEXNDER GORDON sworn. - Examined by Mr. Montague. I am a butcher in Newgate-market; there is no other butcher in Newgate-market of the same name.
Q. Did you, on the 9th of March last, sell a rump and lion of beef, either to the prisoner or to Mrs. Yates? - A. I did not.
Q. Did you send the prisoner to Mrs. Yates for any beef? - A.No, I did not.


                  ANTHONY 
                  PAYNE
               



             sworn. - Examined by MR. Montague. I keep the Coach and Horses in Mutton-lane; On Monday morning. I cannot say what day of the month it was, about nine o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came into my house, and put the beef down upon the table; he then had a glass of gin, and desired I would let him leave that a-while, till he fetched some more; the prisoner went out at my door, and I never saw him after; I am sure he is the same man; he had no coat on, and I could almost swear to that being the waistcoat he had on.


                  ISAAC 
                  KIMPTON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Montague. I am journeyman to the prosecutrix: This rump and loin of beef was Mrs. Yates's; I heard of it, and went to Mr. Payne's, and knew it again immediately; I had bought it for Mrs. Yates on the Monday, I could swear to the beef; I apprehended the prisoner, he had no coat on at that time.
Q.(To Strickland.) Was the examination before Magistrate taken down in writing? - A. It was not; it was not the prisoner, that said his habitation was not at Islington, but, to the best of my recollection, he said he lived somewhere about Long-lane.
Prisoner's defence. I am innocent of the crime laid to my charge.



               GUILTY
            , aged 57.




               Transported of seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
