





625. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MARSHALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               making an assault in the King's highway, upon 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Holloway
                     



                  , on the 19th of August
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person two sheets, value 5s. a bolster, value 2s. and an apron, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gill
                  



               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  HOLLOWAY
               



             sworn. - I live with Mr. Gill, plumber and glazier
 at Kentish-town: On the 19th of August, about nine o'clock in the evening, I was standing at the door of Mr. Higginbotham, with a bundle containing the articles mentioned in the indictment; I rang the belt twice, and while I turned round, a man snatched the bundle out of my hand; I ran after him, carying stop thief, and did not lost fight of him till he was taken, I am sure he is the same man; I saw him drop the bundle just before he was taken.


                  JAMES 
                  BARTON
               



             sworn. - I heard the cry of stop thief; I saw the prisoner running, and laid hold of him by the collar; as we were taking him along, he drew from his pocket a large carving-knife, which Mr. Taylor took from him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               



             sworn. - I was in my own apartment; I heard an alarm, I went out, andmet the prisoner and Mr. Barton; I followed them, and saw the prisoner with this knife in his hand, which I took from him. (Produces a carving knife.)(Charles Chinnery produced the property, which was identified by Elizabeth Gill, the wife of the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I made-use of no violence, nor put the prosecutor in bodily fear.
GUILTY, aged 25.
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not violently from his person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Hotham
               



            .
