





234. 
               
                  
                     JUDITH 
                     LIGHTLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of January
, a pelisse, value 2 s. a quilt, value 2 s. three bed gowns, value 3 s. a shift, value 3 s. and a sheet, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Guy
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  GUY
               



            . I live in Wiltshire lane, Wapping


; my husband's name is 
               
                  James 
                  Guy
               



            .
Q. What is the prisoner, do you know her. - A. I have known her seven or eight years. On the 12th of January she came into my house about half past two o'clock in the afternoon; I was very much alarmed to see her; I heard that she was in prison. I asked her if she would eat any thing, she thanked me; I put out a bit of cold mutton to her. After that I asked her to stop to tea; she told me she was much obliged to me. I pulled off my pelisse, and hung in on the screen. I had been out all day; I made the fire, and asked her if she would go out for some butter; I gave her the butter pan in her hand, and I laid the butter pan down on the table. I went into the yard for a tea kettle of water, and when I came in she was gone out as I thought for the butter; I did not see her any more for that evening. I waited for tea till dark.
Q. How long was you absent for the water. - A. About five minutes. At dark I got my tea; I wanted to go out, I looked for my pelisse, I could not find it; I went up to my one pair of stairs room, I saw my bed routed; upon examining the bed, I found my quilt and my bottom sheet gone, and two bed gowns that were on the bed, and my shift was gone out of the drawer; I looked round and saw the butter pan which I had given her to fetch the butter, standing upon the table.
Q. Did you find any of your things. - A. No, not one. The next evening I heard where she was; I sent for an officer. When he went into the room she fell a crying, and told me if I would not send her to prison, she would get me the things the next day.
Q. Did she tell you where the things were. - A. No.
Q. What is her name. - 
               A. Judith Godfrey
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  ELSOP
               



            . I am an officer of Lambeth street office. On the 13th of January, Mrs. Guy came to me and said she had been robbed the day before, and she wished an officer to go with her and take this woman in custody. I found the prisoner in Rosemary lane, she was treating five or six people with gin; she went into a private house; then I took her into custody. I searched her; I found a seven shilling piece, two shillings in silver, and eight pence in halfpence; she said if I would let her go on the next day at twelve o'clock, she would bring Mrs. Guy her property back again; she said she had sold them in Ratcliff Highway.
Q. Did she say where. - A. No.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
