





322. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     NELSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of February
, a silver watch, value 3l.
             the property of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Drinkwater
               




            .
ROBERT DRINKWATER sworn. - On Saturday the 19th of February, I was walking in Whitechapel, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner, I had seen her once before; I asked her if she would take a glass of liquor; I asked her if she would go into a house; I went with her to a room in Catherine-wheel-alley


; I went up in the room, and we had a glass of liquor together; I took out my watch to see what time it was; it wanted twenty minutes to twelve; she looked at the watch in my hand as well as me; I put it into my fob again directly; we sat down a while together, and I not being used to liquor, fell asleep.
Q. In a chair, or where? - A. I had laid down on a bed; I had only one glass of liquor, and part of another; I am sure I had my watch when I laid down; when I awoke the prisoner was gone; I had been asleep an hour, or an hour and a half; I put my hand to my fob, and missed my watch; I staid in the room, and she came back in about a quarter of an hour; I told her I had missed my watch; she said, she had not seen any watch of any kind; I had her apprehended in about half an hour afterwards; I saw my watch the same night in possession of the pawnbroker.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You knew where the prisoner lived before? - A. Yes.
Q. She took you to her own room? - A. Yes.
Q. You went in about twelve o'clock in the day? - A. Yes.
Q. It was about five in the evening when you missed your watch? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you alarm the people of the house? - A. No.
Q. Was there not a man at work in the room? - A. Not that I recollect.
Q. You said so in your examination before the Magistrate? - A. There was a man fixing up a grate I believe.


                  THOMAS 
                  LILBURN
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, in Bishopsgate-street, and received this watch (producing it) from the prisoner on the 19th of February; I lent her one guinea on it; she asked a guinea and a half.


                  JOHN 
                  TROTT
               



             sworn. - I am an officer; the prosecutor's brother called on me, and we went to the prisoner's room, where we found her and the prosecutor; I asked her if she knew any thing of a watch; she said, no; I searched her pockets, she said it was no use; we got a light, and I observed her mouth going, as if she was eating; I said she was eating the ticket; I took hold of her hand, and gave her a tap on the cheek, and as she was resolute with the other hand, I took hold of it, and found part of the duplicate in her hand, and part on the ground, wet.
Prisoner's defence. The prosecutor took the watch out of a handkerchief, and told me to sell it; I said, I would pledge it, which I did, at Mr. Davison's; I returned with the money; he took the shilling, and gave me the one-pound note to do as I pleased with; I bought some things withit which the officers took. (The watch produced and identified by the prosecutor.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
