





132. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of January
, two silver forks, value 20 s. a silver desert-spoon, value 7 s. a silver table-spoon, value 10 s. and one silver spoon, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John-Fawcett-Henry 
                     Rawlins
                  




               
            , Esq
.


                  THOMAS 
                  HILL
               



             sworn. - I am servant to 
               John-Fawcett-Henry Rawlins
            , Esq. in Margaret-street


: On the 30th of January, between nine and ten in the morning, I saw the prisoner in my master's pantry, I had been taking up the breakfast into the little parlour; he asked me for some gentleman's name, whom I knew nothing of, if he lived there; I told him I knew no such a name; I asked him what business he had in my pantry; he asked my pardon; I shut the door, and told him he should not go out of the room till I saw it was all right; I mistrusted that he had got some plate; I went to see if the plate was right, and I was not certain whether it was or not; I took hold of him by the collar, and took him into the parlour to my master; on his going up stairs, he pulled out two silver forks and a desert-spoon; I saw him do it, he threw them down on the stairs; I picked them up; we sent for a constable, and when he came he delivered up a table-spoon to the constable; we took him down into the pantry again, and while the constable was searching him there, he dropped out of his left-hand a silver tea-spoon; the outside door of the area was open, he must have come in that way.


                  RICHARD 
                  BRUCE
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I was sent for to Mr. Rawlins's house, the prisoner was standing in the passage secured by the other witness; I went directly up to him, he gave me a table-spoon; we took him into the pantry to search him there, he dropped a spoon out of his hand, and I picked it up; then I took him to the watch-house, and from there to the Magistrate at Marlborough-street; the servant gave me the other things, I produce the property.
(The property identified by Thomas Hill.)
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.
GUILTY, aged 22,




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
