






536. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of May
, two pair of boots, value 20s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Martin
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  JOHNSON
               



             sworn. - I live with Mr. Martin, in Davies-street, Berkeley-square; I was sent by the shopman with two pair of boots to Suffolk-street, Charing-cross


, on the 25th of March; when I got there, and was taking a book out of one of the boots, the prisoner Brown knocked at the door, and asked who those boots werefor, and I told him for Mr. Mitchell, and he said he would take them; I gave him the two pair of shoes; I went two or three doors lower down, and saw him go in with the boots and shut the door; I then concluded he belonged to the house, and I went away home; Mr. Mitchell's servant then came to my master's, and said, the boots had never been left there; I went to the house to see if I could find the person I gave them to; I saw all the servants, but none of them was the person; I then went to Mr. Ford, in Swallow-street, Oxford-street, who deals in old boots, they were both pair old boots; he said, the person he bought them of was frequently coming there, and he would stop him the next time he came; the next day between two and three o'clock, Mr. Ford came to me, he had got the prisoner at Marlborough-street.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. I suppose the man was only a moment with you? - A. No.
Q. Are you certain the man you saw the next day, was the man you gave the boots to? - A. Yes.
BALTIS FORD sworn. - On Whitsun Monday, the 25th of May, the prisoner Jones brought me two pair of boots, I gave him twenty-two shillings for the two pair of boots; about four hours afterwards the last witness came to ask me if I had purchased any boots; I told him I had, I knew the persons and would stop them; he described the prisoner Brown as having a blue coat, striped waistcoat, and sandy hair; I knew him perfectly well with Jones; the next day, they both came to recommend a person to purchase a pair of sheets of me; I secured Jones, and my man secured Brown, and we took them to Marlborough-street. (The boot were produced and identified by Johnson.)
Mr. Alley. Q.Is Mitchell here to-day? - A. No.
The prisoner Brown left his defence to his Counsel.
Jones was not put upon his defence.
Brown, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Jones, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
