





433. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TOLLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 1th of April
, eleven deals, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Jeffreys
               




            .
The case was stated by Mr Knapp.


                  JAMES 
                  JEFFREYS
               



            . Q. What are you - A. I am a victualler
, living at the King's Arms, Wilkes street, Spitalfields.
Q. Had you any houses that you were finishing in that neighbourhood - A. I was building two houses in Grey Eagle street


; I had twenty three deals in the yard between the houses; I bought them of Mr. King; I had them in my possession ten months; I missed eleven on Easter Monday, between six and seven in the morning; I had seen them on the Saturday evening at six o'clock.
Q. In consequence of missing them on Monday morning, what did you do - A. I told the carpenter, Sherry, to go to his work; Sherry said he suspected they were in the neighbourhood; I said to him if you will follow your employ I will put up with the loss; he went away and came back again; in consequence of the information of Sherry, I went into the yard of Mr. Knight, a sawyer and timber merchant in Old Nicoll street, Bethnal Green; when I went in I saw some deals; I said, Sherry, them are my deals; there were ten standing by the saw pit.
Q. Did you know them by any mark upon them - A. Yes; I have had them in my hands at different times, and them deals being so long by me, and endeavouring to use them for the best purposes; four deals I know by the marks on them; there were the marks of three shores on one, and three nail holes, and one of the deals found was a very clean one, fit for mouldings; that was a yellow deal.
Q. Whereabouts was the value of these deals - A. Eight shillings a piece.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before - A. Yes; he lived in Lamb-street, Spital fields.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. You knew him very well and he knew you - A. Yes.
Q. You and him took a bit of ground together - A. No, not taken the ground; I took the ground and he built the houses; we had some words and I discharged him.
Q. And after you discharged him, you spoke well of him and he of you; he and you were not good friends at the time these deals were lost - A. No, not very good friends nor no enemies; when I met him in the street, he did not look at me in a civil manner, or else I should have been ready to meet him.
Q. After you missed the deals you got Armstrong the officer, and you met the prisoner; he went with you to Mr. Knight's - A. Yes.
Q. And you know these ten deals to be yours - A. I swear to four in particular, and the others I have a perfect knowledge of.
Q. And you say you know one of them by the mark of a shore and by the nail holes - A. Yes; we had been taking down two houses; they had been standing some time; we have been using them from time to time; that brings me to a perfect knowledge of that board.
Q. So that you know the faces of all of them - A. Yes.
Q. What is the mark of the three shores; does your shores leave a different print from others - A. No; that is not likely; when we use a deal we look to the quality; it is the quality of the deal as well as the marks I know it by.
Q. That makes you, a cautions man; swear to the deal - A. Yes.
Q. Your deals are very remarkable, they have some nail holes; your nail holes are different from all others - A. No.
Q. You are of the same opinion now as when you found them in the timber yard - A. Exactly.
Q. And you have always said you have maintained that opinion. Have you never said that you was satisfied that he was innocent - A. Never in my life.
Q. And that you would rather have given fifty pounds than to make the charge - A.Never; and here I am upon my oath, I never said anything of that kind in my life.
Court. When you went to Knight's was he in custody of Armstrong - A. Yes.


                  PETER 
                  KING
               



            . - Mr. Knapp. You are a timber merchant - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know Mr. Jeffrey, the prosecutor - A. Yes.
Q. Did you sell him any deals - A. A great many.
Q. Have you been shewn any deals which were found at Knight's - A. Yes.
Q. Were any of them those that you sold to Mr. Jeffreys - A. Yes, by the general appearance.
Mr. Gurney. All you mean is they are the same kind of deals - A. Yes; they are the same length and the same thickness, and of the same quality.
Jury. What deals are they - A. They are Frederick stud deals.
Mr. Knapp. Was there any thing particular found on any of the deals, that particular made you recollect them - A. There was one deal that was very curly.
MR. SHERRY. Q. You are a carpenters; you work for Mr. Jeffrey - A. Yes; I was employed to finish some houses in Grey Eagle street, I saw the deals there on Saturday evening six o'clock. On Monday morning I missed them eleven deals; I found ten on the same morning at Mr. Knight's deal yard in Old Nicolls street. I knew them as soon as I saw them before; I got into the yard; I knew them; there were eight of them standing up inside by the gate and two of them laying down by the saw pit.
Q. Are you able to say whether any or all of them are Mr. Jeffrey's deals - A. I can, some.
Court. What length are they - A. Some twelve foot, some eleven, and some ten. This is Mr. Jeffreys dealit has three nail holes; the other deal has a knot.
Jury I may have ten deals in my yard like these.
Sherry. There is four deals that I know; this deal has a chop at the end.
Jury. That is a chop when they were timber, before they were deals.
Sherry. This is the fourth deal; I know that deal, it has a large swell; I took particular notice of it, it is a very irregular deal.


                  JOHN 
                  MURPHY
               



            . - Mr. Knapp. Do you know any of the deals - A. I have the knowledge of all the deals, and that last deal I can swear to. About seven months ago the plumber came to lay on a pipe for the water; there were twenty three deals in Grey Eagle street; Mr. Jeffrey desired me to remove them to the adjoining house, and one of these deals he took notice of; instead of one of the edges being square is is round; it is a very rough shaggy deal, one of the ends is round, and a knot in the middle with a hole in it; I made some marks on it with the paving hammer, chopping some wood for the plumber to make a fire.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JEFFREYS
               



            . Q. You are the brother of the prosecutor - do you know these deals - A. I believe the whole of the deals that were found at Mr. Knight's are my brother's; I have looked at them a great many times, and put them of one side, not being fit for the purpose; I am sure they are the deals, equally the same as I am of the tools I work with. I was in the employ of my brother, and had the care of the work.


                  EDMUND 
                  KNIGHT - Mr
               



            . Knapp. You are a sawyer and timber merchant - A. Yes, in Old Nicoll street. On the 18th of April I received, between seven and eight o'clock, ten deals of Mr. Tolley; I was ordered to saw them with three cuts in each. On the 29th of March be brought some of the same description as he brought on the 18th.
Q. Were the deals that Mr. Jeffreys and the witnesses saw in your yard, the same deals that he brought - A. The same deals. On the 18th of April he took away some deals.
Mr. Bolland. Have you at any time had any conversation with the prosecutor about this charge - A He made a remark the day he went to Hicks' hall when we went to find the bill; I asked him whether the business was done, he said he believed it was. I said I wished the deals had not come into my place on account of the trouble I had had; Mr. Jeffreys said he would rather have lost a fifty pound note that they had went somewhere else.
Mr. Knapp. You are one of the defendant's bail - A. I am.
Mr. Bolland. How long have you kept this yard - A. Since the 24th of October; Mr. Wright kept the yard before.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I am an officer of Worship street. I took the prisoner in custody on Easter Monday. I went with Mr. Jeffreys to Mr. Knight's yard; these four deals were particularly marked by him.
Prisoner's Defence. These deals that these people make mention of belong to me, and they have belonged to me nine months, which I can prove by the bills and receipts.


                  JOHN 
                  CURLEY
               



            . - Mr. Gurney. Are you carter to Tolley - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember on the morning of Easter Monday taking some deals to Mr. Knight's yard - A. Yes, I took them from Mr. Tolley's yard in Grey Eagle street, and delivered them to Mr. Knight. I found them in the yard, outside the shed.
Q. How lately had you been to the yard before that A. On the Thursday before that.
Q. Can you say whether the deals that you took away on the Monday morning were there on the Thursday - A. I cannot; I have seen deals there, and I left deals there when I took these away.


                  JOHN 
                  LANE
               



            . Q. Where do you live - A. At No. 5, Old Nicoll street, Bethnal green.
Q. On Thursday the 26th of last month were you in company with the prosecutor at a public house in George yard, Whitechapel - A. I was; I remember his saying to a person he knew, I am sorry for Tolley, I believe he is innocent, I am sorry for what I have done. I did not know the man nor Mr. Jeffreys at that time.
COURT. You knew the prisoner before - A. I have known him upwards of eight years; Mr. Jeffreys I never saw before, nor the man he was in conversation with.
Mr. Knapp. Did he begin that conversation to the stranger saying any thing to him - A. There was talk before and after; he tossed up with me for a pint of beer and I tossed up with him; it was a bad house; there was more conversation, but I could not hear; there were a parcel of bad girls in the house, they made a noise.
COURT. I should be glad to take the exact words that Mr. Jeffreys said - A. My best recollection is this, that Mr. Jeffreys did say these words - I am sorry for Tolley, I believe him innocent, and I am sorry for what I have done.
Q. That is all that you heard - A. That is all that I can recollect; there was more said than that.
Q. to Jeffreys. Were you in company with this man at this public house - A. I have some recollection of the man's face.
Q. Did you make use of that expression - A. Upon my oath I did not.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
