





6. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HAYNES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of October
, a pair of silk stockings, value 5s. a silver table-spoon, value 8s. two silver dessert spoons, value 1s. five silver tea-spoons, value 12s. ten towels, value 6s. a pillow slip; value 1s. a sheet, value 8s. and eight table-cloths, value 24s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Stevens
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  STEVENS
               



             sworn. - I keep a coffee-house
 in Bond-street


; the prisoner was my waiter
; I missed articles at various times; having a suspicion of the prisoner, I went, on the 31st of October, to Marlborough-street for an officer, I went with him to the prisoner's apartment, No. 2, Whitcomb-street, where we found all the articles mentioned in the indictment in boxes; the officer has the property.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. This man had lived with you some time? - A. He came to me the last week in February.
Q. What quantity of things were taken at one time you cannot say? - A. I cannot.


                  JAMES 
                  KENNEDY
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Marlborough-street: On the 31st of October I went with the last winess to the prisoner's apartment, and found the articles mentioned in the indictment (produces them); the prisoner was not at home; I found him there in the evening: the property was in boxes, two of them I think were locked, I was obliged to break them open.(The property was identified by the prosecutor.)


                  JOHN 
                  ELDRIDGE
               



             sworn. - I keep the house in which the prisoner lived; I saw part of the property taken from the boxes in his apartment.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence but called two witnesses, who gave him a good character. GUILTY, aged 19.
Of 


               stealing goods, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
