





365. 
               
                  CATHARINE 
                  KELLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of May
, one jacket, value 2 s. 6 d. two waistcoats, value 10 s. three shirts, value 5 s. three sheets, value 30 s. three table-cloths, value 20 s. two napkins, value 2 s. 6 d.a towel, value 6 d. two pillow-cases, value 2 s. 6 d. four pair of stockings, value 6 s. four neck handkerchiefs, value 1 s. a flat iron, value 2 d. two gowns, value 7 s. seven yards of nankeen, value 7 s. one gold ring, value 10 s. 6 d. four yards of sheeting, value 6 s. one yard of satin, value 2 s. 6 d. two bed gowns, value 2 s. two pair of pockets, value 6 d. and one shift, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Robinson
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  ROBINSON
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 17, St. Mary Axe


, I keep an eating-house
: On the 6th of May I had a search-warrant, and searched Mrs. Young's house in Castle-place, Whitechapel, where I found the prisoner Kelley, who had been in my service as cook
; on searching her we found forty-two duplicates in her pocket, some of them were for property belonging to me; we found some of my property in Mrs. Young's trunk, and others between the sacking and the bed where the prisoner slept; we also found a gold ring upon the prisoner, in consequence of which I gave charge of her to the officer.
Q. Was the gold ring your property? - A. Yes.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: On Monday, the 6th of May, I went in company with Mr. Robinson to No. 21, Castle-place, to Mrs. Young's house.
Q. What is Mrs. Young's husband? - A. He is a City porter, she takes in washing; in searching about the house, we found several things which I produce; I then insisted upon searching the prisoner's pockets, which she resisted, and said I should not; in struggling, I was obliged to pull them off before I could search them; I found in the pockets a gold ring and forty-two duplicates, part of which is Mr. Robinson's property; we then searched Mrs. Young's trunks, and there we found some of Mr. Robinson's property; the prisoner said she had put them there herself; I then took her to Lambeth-street Office, where she confessed that she had pledged those things at Mr. Spinkes's, in Gracechurch-street, and that they were her master's property; I then told her that her master had lost some rings, which were very valuable; she said, she knew nothing more than what she told me.
- sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Spinkes, No. 2, Gracechurch-street; I produce a waistcoat, a napkin, and a handkerchief, pledged for six shillings, pledged on the 25th of March. On the 1st of May, three table-cloths, two napkins, two pillow-cases, one pair of stockings, and three handkerchiefs; these pledges I took in myself from the prisoner at the bar, the young man that took in the other things is gone away.
(The property identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. No person has any thing to say to those tickets but myself, excepting what belongs to my master; I had no wages for six months that I lived with him.
Prosecutor. I would have given her the money, but she run away.



               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
