





325. 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     CRAIG
                  , otherwise 
JOHN LOFTUS





             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 22d of February
, twenty-three pounds weight of lead, value 5s. belonging to 
                     
                        Waters 
                        Poney
                     



                  , the elder, and 
                     
                        Waters 
                        Poney
                     



                   the younger, fixed to a building of theirs, called a house; feloniously did rip and cut, with intent to steal
            .
And in three other counts, for a like offence, varying the manner of charging it.
WATERS PONEY, junr. sworn. - I am the son of Waters Poney: We lost some lead from a house in Gloucester-place, Marybone


, belonging to my father, and myself, we are building three houses there on our own account; this happened on the Tuesday, and on the Sunday preceding, we missed three hundred weight: On Tuesday, the 22d of February, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner at the top of the last house, on theeast-side, cutting lead; I saw him cutting it, and rolling it up, he had a knife in his hand; I called him down, he came down, and I took him to the watch-house, I found the area door broke.
Q. Was this house covered in? - A. Yes, it has been covered in about six weeks; the doors and windows were fast at one o'clock that day; when I had secured the prisoner, I went up stairs and found the lead cut from the gutter, and rolled up, it was removed about eighteen inches, it weighed about twenty-three pounds.
Q.Was the prisoner employed about the building? - A. No, I don't recollect ever to have seen him before; I shall know it again when it is produced.
WILLIAM COOPER sworn. - I am a carpenter; I saw the prisoner cutting the lead, and rolling it up; my master was coming by, and ordered him to come down; I went up, and found the knife stuck in the cut of the lead, (produces it;) we found some nails in his pocket, which correspond with the lead. (Produces the nails and the lead.)
Prisoner's defence. A man employed me the day before to come there to a job, and I went accordingly, and not finding the man, I went to the top of the house to look for him, and while I was there, this gentleman came by.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
