





594. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of July
, twelve silk handkerchiefs, value 4l. twenty-one yards of sarcenet, value 4l. two yards of silk, value 4s. twenty-two yards of other sarcenet, value 4l. twelve other silk handkerchiefs, value 2l. and six other silk handkerchiefs, value 3l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Clay
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Smith
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLAY
               



             sworn. - I live in Crown-court, Cheapside


, I am a silk manufacturer
: On Monday the 18th of July, the prisoner was stopped by a pawnbroker, he was a clerk in our accompting-house
.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  PURSE
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, at London Wall; on the 18th of July, in the evening, the prisoner offered me twelve silk handkerchiefs to pledge, and from his manner, I suspected they were improperly come by; I asked him where he lived, he told me, in St. Mary-axe; I told him, I should send and see whether he did or not, upon that he ran away out of the shop, I followed him and he was taken; I took him to the Compter, and learnt that he lived with Mr. Clay.(Produces the handkerchiefs.)(
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gabell
               



             proved the handkerchiefs to be the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Clay
               



             and Richard Smith.)
(- Leadbeater, an officer, produced the remainder of the property, which he found at the prisoner's lodgings, and which were also identified by Gabell.)
Prisoner. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.
Mr. Clay gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
