





693. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of September
, a pocket book, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Faden
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  FADEN
               



            . I lost my pocket book in the Strand


. On Monday, the 26th of September, I was going from Charing Cross to Fleet street, I had a pocket book in my coat pocket; it was on that side of the Strand nearest Arundel street.
Q. When had you last seen it - A. I was conscious of having it about my person when I entered the Strand.
Q. When was you conscious of having lost it - A. On entering Fleet street; I felt for it at that time.
Q. How long afterwards did you hear it was found - A. The day following by a letter from the public office in Bow street; my name was in it on some cards.
Q. In consequence of that information you went to the public office, Bow street, and recognized your pocket book - A. Yes.


                  CHARLES 
                  CRESSEY
               



            . Q. What are you - A. A tailor. On the 26th of last September, near one o'clock, passing by the corner of Arundel street, I saw a person in a blue coat give the pocket book to the prisoner, and the prisoner put it into his right hand coat pocket and ran away; the moment it was delivered to him the other walked away.
Q. When the person in the blue coat gave the pocket book to the prisoner, were they both standing still together, or did the one walk on to the other - A. They were standing still together; I pursued after the prisoner, he quickened his pace to make off, he ran very fast, he ran down Arundel street and then towards Essex street into Devereaux court; I came up to him; there I called out stop thief and two gentlemen stopped him; he said he had got the pocket book.
Q. Did you ask him about the pocket book - A. I said he had got a pocket book belonging to somebody; he said he had got a pocket book; the constable searched him at the public office, Bow street, I saw the pocket book taken from him; the prisoner then said he picked the pocked book up; I told him that I saw a person in a blue coat give it him; he said I did not, he picked it up.
Q. Did you see him pick it up - A. I did not.

- READ. I am a constable. I heard the cry of stop thief; I live just by, I crossed over Little Essex street; I saw Cressey and others having hold of the prisoner; the prisoner was just stopped and was panting for breath. When I came up I asked what was the matter, they told me that at the corner of Arundel street in the Strand, at the print shop, a man in a blue coat had picked a gentleman's pocket, and had given it to him; I took him to Bow street, there I searched him; I found this pocket book on him, containing a letter from his royal highness the duke of York, and some cards of lieutenant 
               
                  James 
                  Faden
               



             of the royal marines, Woolwich. On the 27th lieutenant Faden came to the office.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking from the Golden Cross in Charing Cross; I had been to see after a situation; there were some waiters there that I knew at that time; I walked from there and was going to the Temple, I happened to see the packet book fall from somebody, I picked it up and stood and looked round me, and could not see any person that I knew who it belonged to: I looked at the picture shop with the pocket book in my hand; I walked down Arundel street and looked at the clock. I was to meet my father at one o'clock, I ran, seeing it was near one o'clock; I heard somebody cry out stop thief, I asked what was the matter, they said it was something about a pocket book; I took the pocket book out of my pocket at Bow street.
Read. When he was apprehended he wanted to put his hand in his pocket; we prevented him, we thought he might throw something away.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Lawrence.
