





741. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     FOWLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of September
, a table cloth, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Hill
               




            .


                  ISAAC 
                  HILL
               



            . I live at 400, in the Strand


; I am a hatter
.
Q. Did you lose a table cloth at any time - A. Yes. The prisoner at the bar came to live servant
 with me on the 6th of September; on the 29th of September she stopped out all night; the following day she behaved extremely insolent and we discharged her.
Q. How long after she was discharged did you examine the state of your linen - A. I think it was the 2nd of October we searched, and missed a great many articles.
Q. Can you say from your own knowledge that there was a table cloth missing - A. Yes. In consequence of which I went to Donaldson the officer; he found a duplicate on her person; we took her up on Sunday morning; the officer has got the duplicate. It directed me to Mr. Turner in Brydges street.
Q. Do you know the table cloth when it is produced - A. Yes, there is my name written upon it in full length, in permanent ink.
Q. What is the value of that table cloth - A. Fifteen shillings.
Q. Are you sure that the table cloth was in your house when she came into your service - A. Yes, it was used the day before.
- DONALDSON. I am constable of St. Martin's in the Fields.
Q. Did you apprehend this woman in consequence of information of the former witness - A. I did. On Sunday the 2nd of October, I took her in custody and searched her; in her right hand pocket I found this duplicate of a table cloth, pawned on the 1st of October, for three shillings; I went to Mr. Turner's on that Sunday morning; he shewed me the table cloth. The prisoner said she had the duplicate of a woman of the name of Turner, at the King's Arms in Oxford road; she told me the woman had gone down to Chatham.


                  GEORGE 
                  TURNER
               



            . Q. Are you the son of Mr. Turner, pawnbroker, Brydges street - A. Yes. On Saturday morning the 1st of October, I took in the table cloth; I advanced three shillings on it; I cannot swear to the person I took it in of; it was a woman.
Q. You gave her a duplicate - A. Yes.
Q. Is that the duplicate - A. Yes; Donaldson gave me the duplicate; that is the duplicate I gave with the article.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not pledge the cloth myself; I had the duplicate given me in the street, by a woman that is gone down in the country.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
