





843. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TARRATT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of October
, three dozen of worsted socks, value 20s. and fivepair of cotton stockings, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Clarke
                  




               
            .


                  JANE 
                  CLARKE
               



             sworn. - I live in Great Mary-le-bonne-street


, and am a haberdasher
; I missed the things immediately, they were in two separate bundles, and he knocked something down in taking them.


                  JAMES 
                  MASON
               



             sworn. - I am a waterman to hackney-coaches in Great Mary-le-bonne-street; last Monday was a week I was at the first coach, within twenty yards of Miss Clarke's shop, near eight o'clock, and I saw the prisoner come along with two other lads; I had a suspicion of them, and they went and looked through Miss Clarke's shop window, in which there were candles; he went into the shop and came out again very quick with a bundle under his arm; he ran across the street and I after him; I gave the alarm, and he was pursued directly; I saw him in about a minute and a half in Trigg's custody; I am sure he is the person, I knew him by fight before; the bundle was brought back.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TRIGG
               



             sworn. - I am a chairman, and was coming down Mary-le-bonne-street, I heard the cry of stop thief, and saw the prisoner coming with a bundle running very fast towards me; he turned off the flag stones into the middle of the street; another person made a grab at him, and then he dropped the bundles, he had two, I picked them up, pursued him, and took him; he said he was not the person. (The property was identified.) 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
