






258. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     NOWLAND
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PRICE
                  




               
             were again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of January
, a box, value 10s. 6d
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Dickinson
               



            , 
               
                  Edward 
                  Sage
               



            , 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Rawden
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Jennings
                  



               
            .
Second Count. Laying it to be the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Francis
               



            .
Third Count. The property of persons unknown.
ROB. PEARCE sworn. - I am servant to James Dickinson, 
               
                  Edward 
                  Sage
               



            , William Rawden, and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Jennings
               



            , Aldersgate-street; I delivered a box to James-Abraham Smith, servant to John Francis, of Chiswick; I saw the box afterwards at Bow-street, when the prisoners were examined.
JAMES-ABRAHAM SMITH sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Francis, the carrier; I received a box from Pearce to take to Chiswick; I gave it to my master's nephew; I saw it about half an hour after at the Bell Savage, Ludgate-hill; it was put down there; we were loading goods; my master's nephew sent me on to Fleet-street; I saw it at Fleet-street; it was fastened with cords on the tail-ladder; I went with the cart as far as Kensington Palace; there I got down to deliver some goods to Lord Molesworth; he went on with the cart; I followed him, and as I was going down Black Lion-lane; I saw three men, one leaning on the box, the other two standing close to it.
Q. Do you know either of the men? - A. Yes, the man in the striped coat, Nowland; I asked them if they saw the cart go down the lane; they said, no; it is gone full gallop down the road; I said, thank you, and went to the White Hart to Mr. Brookes and Pigeon.
Q.Did you know the box when you saw it in the lane? - A. Yes; Brookes looked on the box, and I heard the men say, it has tumbled off a cart, and we found it.
Q. Who said that? - A.Nowland; they ran away, and I followed them, till I saw Brookes lay hold of Price, and the other jumped from the path; I then went away to the other side.
Court. Q. You are sure the box you saw in Fleet-street was the same? - A. Yes, I know the box, we have carried it so often.
Q. What time did you see the box in Black Lion-lane? - A. Near eight; it was light.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FRANCIS
               



             sworn. - I am nephew of 
               
                  John 
                  Francis
               



            .
Q. Do you remember the box delivered to you at Dickinson's? - A. Yes; I know the box; I tied it to the back of the cart; it was tied fast; I accompanied the cart to the Hampshire Hog, at Hammersmith; there I left the cart, and met it about half an hour after; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Dalley
               



             was with it.
Q. Did you know what became of the box? - A.No, till the boy missed the box, and told me of it.
Q.Dalley went on with the cart, and you met the cart afterwards? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you miss the box then? - A. No, we did not miss it till we got almost to Chiswick.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROOKES
               



             sworn. - There was an alarm given of a box being cut away by some people, and that they were in the lane with the box; I went down the lane, and as I was goingdown one man passed me; I went a little further, and there was a box and two men with it; they said they had found the box, and supposed it had been cut from some cart; I made a reply, I dare say it is; I asked the boy if he knew it to be his; he said it was. I turned round to look at the box, and it was turned bottom upwards, and the middle broke in; while I was looking at the box, they both ran up the lane; the little boy was before me; he holloaed out, stop thief; at the top of the lane I came up with the boy, and we ran together; just as I came opposite the four mile stone, I came along-side Price; I was sure he was one of the men I saw in the lane; it was moon-light and starlight, and snow on the ground; I caught hold of him, and said, you are one of the thieves that cut the box off, and I immediately saw a man on the right-hand side, and charged him to aid and assist in the King's name, which proved to be Pigeon; as soon as I had got hold of him, he said, d-n your eyes, come along, Jack, and immediately a bit of tussle ensued, and I saw a man jump off the path, and he came to me and said, d-n your b-y eyes, we'll do you both; he came to Price's assistance, and fell upon me; and got me down; then immediately he flew over to Pigeon, and made a blow at him.
Q.When the other came to join him, did you know him again? - A. Yes.
Q.You can swear to him? - A. Yes; Francis has had the box, but I marked my name on it, and can swear to it. - (The box produced.)
Q.Is that the box you found in possession of these two men? - A. Yes, I can swear to it; I marked my name upon it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q.You don't mean to say Price was the other man you saw with the box; was it not Peter? - A. No, it was Price; I am sure of it.
Q.(To Pearce.) Is that the box you delivered to Francis? - A. Yes.
Q.(To Francis.) Is that the box delivered to you by Pearce? - A. Yes.
Price's defence. I was going to Hammersmith; I know nothing of the box.
Nowland did not say any thing in his defence.
Price called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Nowland, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.
Price, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
