





557. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MORRIS
                  , otherwise 
DOCTOR MORRIS





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of August
, nine Bank-notes, value 9 l. and one other Bank-note, value 2 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Chambers
                  




               
            .
(The case stated by Mr. Knapp.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHAMBERS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are a tailor
? - A. Yes, near Broad-street, Holborn: On the 9th of August last I went out about eleven o'clock, taking property to the amount of sixteen pounds in notes and cash - nine one-pound notes, and one two; I put them into my breeches-pocket together, and went on my business; I met a person in Holborn about twelve o'clock; we had some liquor, and I staid till about two o'clock; when I left the public-house, I found myself indisposed, and thought I would go a more private way than Holborn, as I met several people I knew; I went into Castle-street, and into Cursitor-street


, where I fell down, and don't remember any thing after; I had received two one-pound notes while I was out, and paid one away, and when I got home I had a one-pound note, a two-pound note, a guinea, and three seven-shilling pieces; the other was gone.
Cross-examined by Mr. Hart. Q. When did you first miss your money? - A. I laid down; when I got up I was informed of the robbery, and that the coachman had been to Bow-street.
Court. Q. You did not know the prisoner? - A. I never saw him to my knowledge; I cannot say any thing against him.


                  RICHARD 
                  AVERY
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Chambers, and remember his being brought home on the 9th of August, between two and three o'clock in a coach very drunk; he was put to bed, and Mrs. Chambers searched his pockets, and found the property as has been stated.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LACEY
               



             sworn. - My father is a brass-founder in Cursitor-street: On the 9th of August I saw the prosecutor about three or four o'clock, as I was standing at our gate; he seemed very much intoxicated, and fell down, and cut his face, which occasioned a great deal of blood; I picked him up, and set him on the steps of a door; I asked him his name, and where he lived; he did not immediately answer, but afterwards told me; I asked if I should get him a coach, which was sent for; he said he had money, and pulled out some Bank-notes, in order to pay the young man for his trouble of fetching it; he gave me a one-pound note to pay the young man, who would not have any thing; I took the notes out of Mr. Chambers' hands, rolled them all up together, and put them into his righthand breeches-pocket, and buttoned the flap; several of the neighbours were standing by, and were saying, let us endeavour to get him into the coach, when the prisoner came up, (I have no doubt he is the man,) and asked what was the matter; I said, the gentleman was intoxicated; upon which he offered to see him home, saying he knew him, and would see him safe; they got in, and the prisoner desired the coachman to drive to the King's Arms, in Compton-street.
- HOUGHTON sworn. - I am a coachman, and drove No. 716: On the 9th of August I was called to Cursitor-street, between two and three o'clock; I saw Mr. Chambers very much intoxicated, and had fell down; the prisoner was standing against him; I believe he is the man, but there is another gentleman, whom I have seen about the street, very much like him, but I believe the prisoner to be the man; Mr. Chambers and he got into the coach, and the prisoner desired me to drive to the King's Arms, in Compton-street; at the corner of Red Lion-street, in Holborn, the prisoner pulled the string; I let the fore-glass down, and heard him say to Mr. Chambers, where do you live, I have got a gentleman to meet upon particular business; I said, you had better see the gentleman home, as you pretended to be his friend, I don't know where to drive him to, and he is so much in liquor; Oh no, said he, I must go, I have particular business, and out he got, and went up Red Lion-street; I stepped upon the step, and said to Mr. Chambers, has that man been playing any tricks with you, have you lost any property; he made answer as well as he could, I don't know, drive me home to the corner of Middle-row, St. Giles's; his shopman assisted him out, and Mrs. Chambers began crying, and searched his pockets, and said he had been robbed; I said, Ma'am, I hope you don't think I have robbed him; I stated what had happened, and she went with me to Cursitor-street,where she was satisfied, and desired me to drive her to Bow-street, where I could describe the man; I did so, and they knew him; he was not taken up till five or six weeks afterwards; he had not got the same dress on then; I was going along with a fare a few days ago, and saw just the back and side face of a man very like the prisoner; but to the best of my belief the prisoner is the man.
Cross-examined by Mr. Hart. Q. You say you did not know the person who got into your coach? - A. I did not know him; I thought I knew his face somewhere, but could not call it to mind.
Q. A few days ago you saw a man who resembled the prisoner? - A. Yes; but I have not the least doubt this is the man who rode in my coach.
Prisoner's defence. I have nothing to say, but to rely upon the judgment of the Judge and Jury; I am falsely prosecuted, I never was in the coach, nor did either of the people who have sworn to me over see me; it is all a shameful prosecution; I was in the country at the time, and have sent for my witnesses, but they were acquainted with it so late, that they are not come; therefore I would not detain the Court any longer. I did think my witnesses would be here to prove an alibi, but they are not come.
(The Court was informed his witnesses were ready.)
Court. Prisoner, your witnesses are here; it is for you to say whether you will have them called, or not.
Prisoner. No, I will decline it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 75.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
