






375. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     WELCH, alias 
WATKINS





               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MOORE
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of February
, two seven-shilling pieces
            , the property of Wm. Ennis.


                  JOHN 
                  ENNIS
               



             sworn. - 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Ennis
                  




               
             is my father; he keeps a milk-shop
: On the 21st of February, about a quarter past eleven at night, I was coming through Cheapside


 to Rosemary-lane; I turned round at the corner of Friday-street, the prisoner Welch came up to me, and asked me if I had any money; I answered, what is that to her; says she, my lad, I want to speak to you; and as I was standing, I felt her hand at the side of my breeches pocket, I then put my hand to my pocket, and missed two seven-shilling pieces that I had wrapped up in a ballad; I had taken them of Mr. Ford, in Swallow-street; I put my hand down, and sound the lining of my pocket turned half out; I then caught hold of the prisoner Welch, and said, she had robbed me; Mary Moore, who was going down on the other side of the way, crossed over, and then I saw 
               
                  Jane 
                  Welch
               



             give 
               
                  Mary 
                  Moore
               



             the money, and she put it into her pocket; then I caught hold of both of them, and held them till assistance came; John Bush, the watchman, came up, and they were taken to the watch-house; Mr. Meane took the money from Moore.
Q. Did you find your ballad? - A. Yes, in thestreet, about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour after they were searched.
Q. What was the ballad about? - A. The tune was Geho Dobbin; the constable has got it; it was found at the place where she robbed me; I had no more money about me.


                  JOHN 
                  BUSH
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman: On the 21st of February, I was called to take the prisoner, Welch, into custody; I took her to the watch-house upon Mr. Haywood's charge, at the corner of Friday-street; Welch's pockets were turned out, but there was no seven-shilling piece found upon her; Moore was searched, and two seven-shilling pieces found upon her; I afterwards went with the boy to Friday-street, and there I found the ballad; that was about ten minutes afterwards.
 - MEANE sworn. - I am the inspector of the watch, and constable of the Ward: On the 21st of February, the two prisoners were brought to the watch-house, charged with robbing the boy of two seven-shilling pieces; I searched Welch, but found nothing upon her; I ordered Mary Moore to pull off her pocket, and in shaking her pocket, out dropped the two seven-shilling pieces; she said they were not her's, neither did she know how they came in her pocket; I then sent the watchman with the boy, and the ballad was brought back by Bush; I have the money and the ballad. (Produces them).
Q. Is there any print at the top of it? - A. Yes, three men; it is about the butchers and the bakers, and forestallers and farmers.
Q. Do you know if the word shufflers was wrote under the picture? - A. Yes; the three shufflers.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAYWOOD
               



             sworn. - I live in Friday-street: On the 21st of February, in my way home, I found the first witness, and these two women, in the street; when I came up, the boy had hold of the little one; he told me she had robbed him of two seven-shilling pieces; he shewed me his breeches pocket, which was then turned out; he said, he saw her give something to the other woman; I then called Bush, and they were taken to the watch-house and searched; previous to Moore being searched, she said she had no money at all about her, and upon being searched, two seven-shilling pieces were found upon her.


                  JOHN 
                  WOODHOUSE
               



             sworn. - I am constable of the night; I know no more than the inspector.
Welch's defence. I had been with a young fellow all day that had given me half-a-guinea, and two seven-shilling pieces besides; when they took me to the watch-house, I had the two seven-shilling pieces in my pocket, they sell out of a nutmeg grater; this woman knows nothing at all of it, I had not seen her for two months; the boy came down Friday-street, and asked if I had seen a little woman go down; I said, no, you little dog, I have not, and then he laid hold of me, and said it was me.
Moore's defence. I am as innocent as the child unborn.
Welch, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 42.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Moore, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
