






616. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of May
, three yards and three quarters of a yard of printed cotton, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Craig
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  HASLOP
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Craig, he is a linen-draper
, 316, Holborn


. On Saturday evening, May the 20th, I saw the remnant of print hanging inside of the shop, at the window, but the glass had been taken out; it was hanging there about half an hourbefore the prisoner took it.
Q. During that half hour, where were you - A. I was in the shop. The prisoner was brought in by Adkins, the officer.


                  HARRY 
                  ADKINS
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. On May the 20th, a little before nine o'clock at night, Crocker, another patrol, and me were on duty; going up Middle-row, Holborn, we met the two prisoners in company together, in the narrow way, they passed us; we watched them to Mr. Craig's shop; Davis stopped at the window, looked at a remnant, and pulled it off the rail inside of the window; she then walked away from the window; there were several people standing close to her; she joined the prisoner Johnson, they were about a minute in conversation; and Johnson came up to the window, he took hold of the piece of printed cotton.
Q. Then she only pulled it down from the rail - A. Only pulled it down from the rail, and left it on the window frame; he took hold of the printed cotton, but a person coming up he was prevented from taking it. He then went to the place where he had been standing before; the prisoner Davis crossed the street to near where I was, in order to see whether any one was near the window in the inside of the shop, and then went to the window; stooped down and took up the printed cotton, put it in her apron, and walked away. I then crossed the street; I saw Johnson run down Southampton-buildings; I secured the prisoner Davis, and took her back to Mr. Craig's shop; she had the property in her apron; I am sure she is the person, I knew her before. Johnson was taken the next morning.
The property produced and identified.
Johnson's Defence. What that man has sworn is false, he is a perjured man. I know nothing of the prisoner. I was taken up on Whit Sunday, and accused of taking this. I am innocent of the crime. I never was down Holborn for nine days, I had the rheumatism so bad.
Davis's Defence. I know nothing of the prisoner; there was not a creature along with me on the morning of the day that I was going down Holborn; in the evening when they took me up, I received a letter of the death of my father. I had a child bad of the smallpox; I had a letter to go down in the country; I was going to the Bull and Mouth Inn. I had a petticoat of my mother's, which I could not match. I stopped at the shop to look at a pattern that was like it. I never went in the door, nor never had the cotton in my hand.
JOHNSON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 33.
DAVIS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
