





50. 
               
                  ANN 
                  BLAKE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of October
, four gowns, value 35s. a petticoat, value 10s. and three pair of stockings, value 6s. the property of 
                     
                        Mary-Jane 
                        Notra
                     




                  , widow
, in her dwelling-house
            .
MARY-JANE NOTRA sworn. - I live at Hammersmith


, am a widow, and keep the house myself and a boarding-school
; the prisoner was my servant
, and lived in the evening, on the 29th of October, I missed the articles from my bed-room, where they lay loose; I saw them before the Magistrate next day evening; the prisoner went away the same day; I missed the thing after she was gone; she had given warning, but the time was not expired; my partner has seen them in the possession of the constable.
WILLIAM BROOKES sworn. - I am a constable,(produces four gowns, a petticoat, and two pair of stockings); Mrs. Ann Frieth, the partner of Mrs. Notra, gave me charge of the prisoner for robbing her mistress; I took two gowns and two pair of stockings from the prisoner, which were in a bundle on Saturday, the 30th of October, between ten and eleven o'clock, at the Swan Inn, at Hammetsmith; the prisoner said she was guilty of the charge; she had the third pair of stockings on which we did not take; she said the other things were at a pwnbroker's at Hammersmith; I went with her there, and he delivered up two gowns and a petticoat. (The property identified.)
Q.(To Mrs. Notra.) Are they all your property? - A. One of the gowns is mine, and three of my partner's, which I bought for her; I value my gown at 10s. 6d.; the stockings belong to one of my scholars.
Prisoner's defece. I have nothing to say.
GUILTY, aged 28.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 5s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
