





705. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LANE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3rd of July
, sixty penny pieces
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Chandler
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Newsom
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CHANDLER
               



            . I am in partnership with Thomas Newson, we keep a grocer's shop

, Norton Falgate


. On the 3rd of July the prisoner came into our shop to buy some pearl ash, I was called to stay in the shop while the young man got it; I staid in the shop with the prisoner, and knowing he was a bad character, I watched him; he had what he wanted, he went out of the shop and came in afterwards; I desired Mr. Hems, who lived on the other side of the way, to look after him; I saw the prisoner take a five shilling paper of penny pieces, he put them either in his apron or in his pocket.
Q. Where did he take them from - A. From the counter; I was upon the stairs watching him at the time; I seized him the moment he had taken them; he put them back then on the counter. I sent for an officer, he was apprehended. This is the parcel he took; the officer has had them ever since.


                  JOHN 
                  HEMS
               



            . I saw the prisoner draw up towards where the penny pieces stood, and attempt to take them, but whether he took them or no I cannot say; I went into the shop after that; Mr. Chandler attacked him before I got in.


                  JAMES 
                  KENNEDY
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner; Mr. Chandler gave me the penny pieces. When I went in the shop the prisoner was crying and asking forgiveness.
The property produced and identified.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Wood.
