






267. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of April
, twenty yards of oil-cloth, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Blackett
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMAS
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Sarah Blackett, a turner
, in Aldgate


: On Wednesday, about half past seven o'clock in the evening, I missed the piece of oil-cloth, it stood in the shop with four other pieces, and from information I ran out, and the prisoner was taken before I came up to him; the oil-cloth was on the ground; I took it up, and went to the watch-house with it, and the prisoner was brought in soon after.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



             sworn. - On the 17th of April, between seven and eight o'clock, I saw the prisoner at the bar and another young man in company with him; they walked up to Mrs. Blackett's shop, and there they made a halt; they made two or three attempts to steal this said piece of oil-cloth in the course of a quarter of an hour, and the young man that was with him lifted it out of the shop, and set it on the cellar-flap; the prisoner at the bar then came and stooped down and put it on his shoulder, and crossed over the way, and I crossed over the way and met him; I asked him what he was going to do with it; he said a man gave it to him to carry; I had him fast by the collar, and he threw the piece of oil-cloth on the ground; Mrs. Blackett's young man came and picked it up; I took him to the watch-house, and from thence to the Compter.
Prisoner's defence. I was passing along Aldgate, and there was a roll of oil-cloth lying under a shoemaker's window, on the pavement, and a man with it; he said, be so good as to carry it to Whitechapel, where the stages go off, and I will satisfy you for your trouble; and when I came where the stages go off, he came and apprehended me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
