





366. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     PRITCHARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of May
, one yard and a half of linen, value 9 s. two yards and a quarter of other linen, value 2 s. 3 d. two yards of jean, value 2 s. 9 d. one yard of woollen cloth, value 2 s. five yards and a half of cotton, value 6 s. and five yards and a half of dyed linen, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Dixon
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  DIXON
               



             sworn. - I live in Fenchurch-street


, the prisoner was one of my cutter
s: On the 19th of May, I had information that this man had been robbing me, and then I missed part of my property from what he had been using just before; I missed five yards and a half of dyed linen at one o'clock, I missed it when he was gone to dinner; I had information by a man from the public-house where the prisoner was; I sent a man, whose name was Coffey, and I followed Coffey to the public-house; Coffey went in immediately, and took thelinen from the prisoner, and held it up, and I went in and told him to take the prisoner, I knew the linen was mine at the time; immediately the prisoner came up to me, and begged for mercy; his wife was with him.
Q. Did you compare it with any linen in your shop? - A. I went and compared it with the linen in my warehouse, and I have no doubt at all it was mine.
Q. Had the prisoner the liberty to take any part of your linen on his own account? - A. By no means.
Q. What do you think is the value of this five yards and a half? - A. Six shillings; I went to the Office in Hatton-garden, and had a search-warrant; I attended the execution of that warrant to the prisoner's lodgings in Tash-street, where his children were, and there I found half a yard of linen, which was cut in what we call sleeve gussets, two yards and a quarter of brown Holland, two yards of jean, five yards and a half of coloured cotton, about a yard of mixed woollen cloth, and sundry remnants of cotton; I knew them to be mine, I have pieces to match in my house that were found in his lodgings.
Q. How long has this man been with you? - A. Some months, I cannot exactly say.
Q. What wages had he from you? - A. Twenty-nine shillings a week.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gleed. Q. You have said he had a wife and two children? - A. He has.
Q. When he asked you to forgive him, did he say any thing more? - A. He only begged and prayed me to forgive him.
Q. Do you know whether he has only two children, perhaps he may have more? - A. I do not know.
Court. Q. How many children did you find in his lodgings? - A. There was a young child, and a girl, I suppose she might be eleven or twelve years old.
Mr. Gleed. Q. The only reason that induces you to believe that the property found at the prisoner's house is your's, is that it matches with the property at your house? - A. Yes.
Q. So it would if you had sold it? - A. Exactly so.
Q. When this man, Coffey, took this linen from the prisoner, you were outside? - A. The moment Coffey took it, he held it up, and I went in immediately.
Q. How many yards did this piece contain? - A. About twenty-five yards; I cannot say I measured it, it was linen I bought and had it dyed, and there is the man's stamp that dyed it.


                  JOHN 
                  COFFEY
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of Cheap ward: About two or three minutes after one o'clock, Mr. Dixon came to me, and gave information; I went to the Crown, in Leadenhall-market, I saw the prisoner at the bar and his wife there, with a plate of beef-steaks; I saw him take this out of his right-hand pocket, (shewing the five yards and a half of linen,) and put it across the table to his wife, with this wrapper; I then said to them, you are both my prisoners, and seized the property.
Q. Did you give him any signal? - A. Yes; nothing further passed, but the man said, I hope you will forgive me; I have had the property in my custody ever since.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gleed. Q. You are perfectly sure that no conversation passed between you and the prisoner before Mr. Dixon came in? - A. I am.


                  JAMES 
                  HANCOCK
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of Hatton-garden; I had a warrant to search the prisoner's lodgings, Mr. Dixon accompanied me to No. 30, Tash-street, Gray's-Inn-lane; by the information of Mr. Dixon, I went up to the second floor, and there I found these articles that Mr. Dixon said was his property, (produces them;) I brought them away, there were two or three children there, the doors were all open.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gleed. Q. You have no reason to know that it was the prisoner's lodgings, only from the information of Mr. Dixon? - A. That is all.
Court. Q. (To Mr. Dixon.) Are they your property? - A. They are; they are cut off from the pieces I have in my warehouse, the piece of brown linen he had to cut that same morning, it corresponds exactly.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
