





537. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     BIRD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 23d of May
, a silver watch, value 7 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Morgan 
                     Sweeney
                  




               
            .


                  MORGAN 
                  SWEENEY
               



            . I am a journeyman printer
. On the 23rd of May, about half after one in the morning. I was coming to my lodgings in Great Earl-street, Seven Dials; going through the piazzas, Covent Garden


, I was stopped by this girl, she clapped her hands round my waist, and held me in such a manner so that I could not extricate myself unless I was to knock her down by a blow; I desired her to let me go, that I did not mean to be stopped by any person, I was going to my lodgings and would not go with her; I felt her hand in the situation that she pulled the watch from my pocket; I instantly demanded my watch of her; I seized her by the right arm, she pushed me forward; she halloaed out what watch, and kept her left hand behind her. I endeavoured to seize the hand that kept the watch, I was afraid that she was going to drop it on the flags; I had not a moment to spare. By her halloaing out a man came up, I was hussled about by him. I secured her. I said my good girl you shall not part with me till I give you into custody. I took her to the corner of Hart-street, there I saw a watchman coming towards me, I gave her in custody; she struggled, but it was useless; I brought her to the watchhouse in Covent-garden along with the watchman; he had one arm and I the other. When shecame into the watchhouse; the constable of the night searched both her pockets and her bosom. I told him I suspected that she had not my watch, I thought the accomplice took it from her because I was dashed against a pile of bricks against the box door of the theatre, under the piazzas. The constable found no watch.
Q. What became of the man - A. He vanished from me. I never let the prisoner go till I gave her into the charge of the watchman.
Mr. Alley. This was at one o'clock at night - A. It wanted twenty five minutes to two o'clock.
Q. Were you drunk or sober - A. I drank a little; I was hearty and perfectly sensible.
Q. There were a great many women under the piazzas, were there not - A. I did not see one; I was not with her two minutes.
Q. You said that she held you in a manner that you could not extricate yourself - A. No; not till she pulled my watch out with her left hand, and slung it behind her.
Q. Then at the time she took your watch she had only one arm on you - A. When I was first seized she had both her arms round me; she disengaged one of her arms to take the watch from me; I secured her when I missed the watch.
Q. At the time when you first spoke to her was there a man in company with her - A. No; nor woman neither.
Q. When the watchman came up, I ask you upon your oath, did you say one word to him about any man assisting her. Did not you mention it first at Bow-street, and not at the watchhouse - A. Her accomplice came up and hustled me, and then it was he look the watch from her.
Q. You say that after the officer took her in custody she was searched for the purpose of examining whether she had the watch or no - A. Truly.
Q. Why, what was that done for, if you knew at the time that the man took the watch from her - A. I was quite sensible after the hustle she had lost the watch.
Q. Were it not at Bow-street the next day you stated that the man assisted her and took away the watch - A. I stated at Bow-street that her accomplice came up, and I suspected that the accomplice had taken the watch from her.
Q. Then it was at Bow-street and not at the watch-house, the first time you mentioned it - A. Certainly.
Q. Where had you been spending the evening - A. I had been on a party of pleasure; we had two pots of beer; we went up in a boat to Wandsworth.
Q. You have never seen the watch from that time to this - A. Never.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ASHMAN
               



            . I am a watchman of Covent-garden. I was calling the hour of half past one, I saw the prosecutor with the prisoner, he called for assistance; I went; he gave the prisoner in custody to me; he said she had stole his watch; I took hold of one arm and he the other; we took her to the watchhouse; she was searched and nothing was found on her; two men followed her; I told them to keep off.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the charge you may depend on it. This man was speaking to three women under the piazzas; he left them and came to me; I had not been with him three minutes before he said you have my watch. There were some people followed us, but I did not know them; he never mentioned at the watchhouse that I had an accomplice.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
