






235 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     KELLY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MURRAY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th of January
, eight lambs wool socks, value 2 s. 6 d. and a pair of lamb's wool gloves, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Kenyon
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  KENYON
               



            . Q. Are you a shop keeper
 - A. Yes, I live in Little Newport street


. On a Saturday last month, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, both of the prisoners came into my shop to look at some ribbons, lying in a basket on the counter; they asked me the price of one of them; I told her ninepence a yard; there was a yard and a half of it; she asked me to cut her off a yard, and bid me less than the yard came to; I could not take it; they both walked out of the shop; there were a quantity of lambs wool gloves and socks laying at the end of the counter, close by both of them, they stood together; Murray, when she got out of the shop she was running along the window, and the other after her; seeing a deficiency of socks on the counter, I ran after them; when they saw me following of them, Kelly dropped a single sock on the ground.
Q. Did they look back to see you - A. Yes; I came up to Kelly and told her I wished to search her; Murray walked into a door place, that led up to a billiard room; it was in Earles court that I stopped them; Murray had a milk pail in her hand, she cried out milk there; when she returned out I saw a sock laying on the ground from where she came from: I then took them both back to my own house; before I searched them one of them flung three odd socks on the ground.
Q. Had you counted the socks and the gloves before they came into the shop - A. No, not to know how man there were; I found nothing upon eitherof them.
MR. FITZPATRICK. I am a milliner and straw manufacturer; I live in Earles' court. On the 28th of January, I found a quantity of socks and gloves behind my street door, when I came to shut it at night. I delivered them to Mr. Kenyon.
Q. to prosecutor. You received them socks of the last witness - A. Yes; I can swear to these being mine, a pair of lambs wool socks and gloves; there is a ticket to the socks.
Q. Do you know where Fitzpatrick lives - A. Yes. That is where Murray went to cry out milk.
Kelly's Defence. Not being accustomed to speak in a court like this, I have taken the liberty to state a few lines in writing. It is truly unfortunate in me, not having it in my power to employ a counsel; I was never out of the prosecutor's sight from the time I went out of the shop till he laid fast hold of me; he conducted me where I was searched and nothing was found on me; all this time I was either under his hands or his eye, so it was impossible for me to drop any thing without his seeing it; I was searched and nothing was found on me. I trust this will perfectly convince you of my innocence.
Murray's Defence. I was going about my own business. I met this person, we went into the shop to buy a bit of ribbon; she did not purchase it; they searched us and found-nothing on us; there were a great many people in the shop besides us.
KELLY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 37.
MURRAY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Heath.
