





287. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PALLATT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of February
, seventy-four knives, value 7l. seventy-four forks, value 4l. and a piece of baize, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Armstrong
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Moffat
                  



               
            .
WILLIAM MOFFATT sworn. - I am an ironmonger
, in Great Queen-street: On the 2d of this month, about half after eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner called at our house, and said, he came from Mr. Simpson, to know if we had any orders from him; Mr. Simpson is a manufacturer of japanned goods, we have considerable dealings with him in that line; I mentioned some articles that were in hand, and said, we should be glad to have them as soon as possible, he said, he would mention that to Mr. Simpson, and went away.
Q. Did he live with Mr. Simpson at that time?- A. I thought he did; he returned in about twenty minutes, and said he had been to Mr. Bennett's for some knives for Mr. Simpson; Mr. Bennett lives opposite to us; he said Mr. Bennett had not such knives as Mr. Simpson wanted, and therefore he came back to me, thinking we might have them; he then presented a written order for the knives, I took it from him, and observed it was not the hand-writing of Mr. Simpson, he said, it was not, it was wrote by his shopman, Mr. Mackey, I asked him, if he was apprentice to Mr. Simpson, he said, he was not, but expected to be taken apprentice; I observed to him, that it was very late to send out knives that evening, and asked him, if morning would not do, it was about half after eight, or ten minutes to nine o'clock, he observed, that morning would not do, that there was a lady waiting at Mr. Simpson's to see the knives, and wished to look at different patterns; about that time, one of one men, Humfrival, came in, and I told him I should want him to go with the prisoner to Mr. Simpson's, with some knives; I looked out seven parcels of knives, containing seventy-four knives and seventy-four forks, amounting to eleven pounds seven shillings; I took a baize cover and rolled them up carefully, and gave them to our man, and desired him to go along with him to Mr. Simpson's; that is all I know.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  GREEN
               



             sworn. - I was present during the conversation between the prosecutor and the prisoner.
SAMUEL-
               
                  CHARLES 
                  HUMFRIVAL
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Messrs. Moffatt and Armstrong; these knives were delivered to me, and I walked with the prisoner towards Mr. Simpson's, Coppice-row, Clerkenwell; going down Holborn, I was going to cross to Hatton-Garden; the prisoner said, that was not the way that he came from his Master's to Mr. Moffatt's; I said, then I would go his way, and accordingly went on down Holborn; he asked me where I lived, I told him; he asked me, if I had got to go there that night, I said, I had; he said it was a long way, I said, it was.
Q. Where was it? - A.Past Whitechapel-church; he said, he was very sorry to give me so much trouble, he was a poor boy, and afraid of being robbed; I asked him, what kind of man his master was, he said, he was a d-d sharp fellow, and wore powder; I knew Mr. Simpson before, but I had some suspicion in my mind, I thought he was not the same person; we went up Fieldlane; when we were about half-way up the lane, the boy said, he was very well known in Clerkenwell, and desired me to give him the knives and forks, which I refused, I thought he was in the worst part of his way, and I would carry them home, as I had got so far; we walked a little further, and he asked me to go into a public-house to drink, he told me I should be welcome, but I did not; we walked on to Hicks's-hall; he said, that was Hicks's-hall, that he had brought me a good way out of my way; I asked him how he knew that was Hicks's-hall, he said, he had seen women there, with irons on, for thieving; we went on a little further, and he asked me to give him the knives, I would not; we went on till we came nearly opposite Mr. Simpson's house; he then asked for the knives, and I gave them to him, I thought he was then perfectly safe.
Q. How came you not to take them to Mr. Simpson's house? - A. I had a long way to go, it was late, I thought it perfectly safe.(Mr. Moffatt produced the order the prisoner brought.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  SIMPSON
               



             sworn. - I live in Coppicerow, Clerkenwell; I am a japan manufacturer the prisoner was in my service, I discharged him some time towards the latter end of last November; he was with me two or three weeks, or it might be more.
Q. Was he in your service the 2d of February?- A. He was not.
Q. Did you send him to Mr. Moffatt's for the knives and forks? - A. I did not.
Q. Do you know a person of the name of Mackey? - A. Yes, he is in my warehouse.
Q. Look at that order - is that his hand-writing?- A. It is not.
Q. Do you know whose it is? - A. No.
Q. Did you receive any knives and forks? - A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MACKEY
               



             sworn. - Q. Is that order your hand-writing? - A. No.
Q. Do you know any thing of it? - A. No.
Prisoner's defence. I don't know any thing of the goods at all, I know nothing of the man nor the goods.
Q.(To Humsrival.) Are you sure that is the boy? - A. I believe it is.
Q.(To Moffatt.) Look at the prisoner? - A. I am sure he is the boy that came to our house.



               GUILTY
            , aged 14.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
