






563. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of July
, a promisory-note, value 60l. a warrant for the payment of money, value 20l. a Bill of Exchange, value 15l. 1s. 6d. four Banknotes, value 20l. each, five other Bank-notes, value 10l. each, one other Bank-note, value 5l. and two other Bank-notes, value 1l. each, the property of 
                     
                        Peter 
                        Martin
                     




                  , privily from his person
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Gurney.)


                  PETER 
                  MARTIN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney.
Q. What are you? - A. A wine and brandy-merchant
, in Wapping: On the 9th of July last. I took out 145l. 8s. including eight guineas, with me, from home, and a 20l. note I had received of Mr. M'Allister, a customer of mine, in Holborn, making together 165l. 8s.; when I received the 20l. note, I took the other out of my pocket, and wrapped it round them, and put them altogether in my right hand breeches pocket; I then went to the house of John Barker, a customer of mine, who keeps a liquor-shop in High-Holborn; I had a bottle of wine, in company with some persons in the back parlour; there were eight or nine gentlemen there; one of whom was the prisoner; I sat down, and he was at my right hand side, next my pocket in which the notes were; I stayed there about three hours, and got up to go a little before five; a coach was sent for, and my son and myself, and a gentleman who was acquainted with Mr. Barker and myself, got into it; they called him, Mr. Ellis; and he went as far as Cheapside, where he got out; at which time I had not missed my property; I discovered I had lost it, when I got to Messrs. Were's, the banker's; the notes were gone, but the guineas were left; I said, I was robbed; and Mr. Taylor, who is a partner in the house, went back with me to Barker's; I found partly the same customers there, but I believe the prisoner was not there; he was there when I went away, and was very 10th for me to go; I told the company of my loss, and went away some time after; I have seen the Bank note which I took of M'Allister, and which was produced to me at Bow-street.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You were three hours in this public-house? - A. I was.
Q. How many in company were there? - A. I think, eight or nine.
Q. Did you drink more than one bottle of wine? - A. I think me and the rest of the company drank three or four.
Q. You had received the 20l. note of M'Allister? - A. Yes, a few minutes before; I took the other notes from my house, to pay into my banker's, with what I should collect, and I rolled that 20l. note round them.

Q. 
            Making no particular remark on it? - A. Yes, I did; I know the indorsement on it; there is the initials of M'Allister's name.
Q. You went away towards the banker's? - A. I did.
Q. Was the prisoner left there? - A. Yes.
Q. When you came back, he was not? - A. I believe he was not.
Q. He returned afterwards to the house? - A. I did not see him.
Q. Were you sober? - A. I was a little merry, but not drunk.
Q. A person named Ellis, went with you in the coach? - A. Yes.
Q. Did curiosity induce you to look at the notes, before you went out of Barker's? - A. No; I neither pulled them out, or looked at them.
Q. Then the time you lost them you do not know? - A. No.
Q. Whether they were taken in the coach, or not, you do not know? - A. It was impossible for them to be taken out of my pocket in the coach.
Q. It was a hackney-coach? - A. Yes.
Q. Did any body open the door to let you into the coach? - A. Yes; but I don't know who.
Q. Had you drank so much, that you don't recollect? - A. Not so much.
Q. You never missed them till you got to Were's? - A. No.
Q. Is Mr. Ellis here? - A. No.
Mr. Gurney. Q. Did he sit on the same side of the coach with you, or opposite to you? - A. My son sat next to me, and Ellis opposite to him; he got out of the coach in Newgate-street, Cheapside, or thereabouts; I have not seen him since.


                  JOHN 
                  BARKER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney.
Q. Do you keep the house Mr. Martin has spoke of? - A. Yes, the Coach and Horses, in High Holborn: On the 9th of July, the prosecutor came between one and two o'clock, and sat down in the parlour with several gentlemen who had dined there; the prisoner was one of the company; and Mr. Martin sat next to him; there were three or four bottles of wine drank; and after Mr. Martin had stayed three or four hours, I sent for a coach for him, and saw him into it; Mr. Ellis, who is a farmer, at Elton, near Stilton, in Huntingdonshire, went with him; the prisoner remained some little time after them in the room; when he got up, he said, he was going away, but would forfeit a shilling, if he did not return in ten minutes; in about an hour after, he did return; but I do not know whether Martin had been back then, or not; but he did come with a partner of the Bank, and said, he had lost his property; and went away soon after; when he was gone, there was some conversation about the notes; and they said, it was a reflection upon the company, as it was lost in the room; it was proposed for them all to stand search; and by their desire, I fetched the high-constable, Mr. Bell, who came; and Mr. Jones, the prisoner, after opening his waistcoat, pulling out a shilling, and some loose papers, said, I will not be searched by any man, pray who are you? to Mr. Bell; say Mr. Bell, here is my authority, and I'll search you first; which he did; and in his left hand coat pocket, he found a 20l. Bank-note; then I took a coach, and fetched Mr. Martin; and the prisoner was taken into custody.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. The prisoner frequented your house, I believe? - A. Yes; and has for four years.
Q. You were a good deal surprised at this charge against him? - A. Yes.
Q. He was one of the last persons in the world you could suspect? - A. Indeed he was; he always behaved genteelly, and with the greatest respectability.
Q. Did Martin say he would have a coach? - A. He did; and I thought a coach would be better for him, old and feeble as he is, and his condition being such.
Q. What do you mean by such a condition? - A. Heis a seeble old man, and considering the distance from my house to his, and he having had a glass or two of wine, I thought a coach would be better.
Court. 
               Q. 
            Was he intoxicated or not? - A. He was not.
Mr. Alley. Q. When he went away, did he not say, he had lost something? - A. No.
Q. Some of the party were gone? - A. Yes.
Q. You know he is a tradesman, and keeps a shop? - A. I have always understood so.
Q. It is nothing uncommon for a tradesman to go away for a short time? - A. No.
Q. Did he return, as he said he would? - A. He did.

Q. 
            Martin had not arrived then? - A. I don't know that he had.
Q. Had Martin communicated that he would return to the house? - A. No.
Q. You say, there was a general agreement to search? - A. They all agreed to it.
Q. The prisoner was rather drunk? - A. I rather think he was not at all; he had a pint of ale first, and then part of a bottle of wine with Mr. Martin; and he had dined there; he said, he would be searched by no man, when the constable was there.
Q. Did they all know he was a constable? - A. All, except Mr. Jones.
Q. You found the note rolled up in a little lump? - A. I did not see it at all.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BELL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney.
Q. What are you? - A. An iron-founder, in Cross-street, Wilderness-row, Clerkenwell: I was at Barker's, on the 9th of July; the prisoner and Martin were there, and next to each other, except a little boy, who stood between them most of the time; we sat on chairs, and I don't think he had a seat.
Q. Was your attention called by any thing you saw done by the prisoner at the bar? - A. When Mr. Martin was told the coach was at the door, and after a great deal of shaking hands between the prisoner and him, he went; I thought both of them were a little overtaken; it was frequently the case that Martin was offering his hand to Jones, and Jones to him, with particular familiarity; when Martin rose, Jones rose with him, and they were shaking each other by the hand very cordially, and I was not very well pleased with it; for I had rather a suspicion, as I thought I saw Mr. Jones draw his hand from Mr. Martin's right hand breeches pocket, but did not see that he took any thing; I believe he did not at that time; Martin directly after left the room; and Jones stayed a very short time, promising to return in ten minutes, or he would forfeit a shilling, which he threw on the table.
Q. After he was gone, did you communicate to any one of the company what you thought? - A. I did, to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Graut
               



            . I and five or six more were in another room, when Mr. Martin returned; and I did not see him that night, but I heard him; the prisoner, I think, returned in about three quarters of an hour, when Mr. Barker came into the room, and announced the loss. I was present when the constable came, and saw the prisoner searched and the note that Mr. Bell said, in the prisoner's hearing, he had taken out his coat-pocket.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You have known the prisoner some years? - A. I have, and been many times in his company; I entertained the highest opinion of his honesty up to that time, and was very much surprised at this charge; I never met with greater uneasiness than to find such a charge against a man, whom I had the highest esteem for.
Q. Were they what you call mellow? - A. They were in liquor; they seemed to be old men, and easily affected by liquor; I thought they were in liquor, from the observation I made.
Court. 
               Q. 
            What business is the prisoner? - 
               A. 
            In the comb and brush-making business, as well as a dealer in persumery, in St. Martin's-lane.


                  HENRY 
                  BELL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney.
Q. Are you high-constable of that district? - A. Yes. On the 9th of July, in the afternoon, I was sent for to Barker's house; I went into the back parlour where the prisoner was, and five gentlemen beside; I said, I am come to make a search, but I don't know that I am altogether authorised, without consent; they said, they would esteem it a favour, if I would.
Q. Did all say that? - A. All but Mr. Jones, who said, he would not be searched by any man; I then shewed my staff, and said, sir, I shall begin with you first.
Q. Did you ask him, what he had about him? - A. No. In searching him, I found this 20l. note in his left hand coat pocket, (produces it); rumpled up much as it is now; I asked him, how he came by it; he said, it did not belong to him; but, before I had done, he insisted upon my returning it, for that it was his property; I asked him, how he came by it, and he said, he took it of Mrs. Sowden or Snowden, a persumer in the I say market; I said, the note was safe, and I would take him into custody, which I did; he very artfully endeavoured to make his escape, but when he found that would not do, he was violent, but not with any effect; he had a large stick, which he began to use, till I took it away; then he began to kick; and I have now a blow on my leg, which he gave me; at last I was obliged to knock him down in the street, more than once. (The note read.)
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. 
               Q. 
            When you first went there, the prisoner did not know the high office you held? - A. I don't know.
Q. You were known to many there? - A. Yes.
Q. We have been told, he was a little intoxicated - have you ever arrested a drunken man before? - A. Yes.
Q. You say, he resisted? - A. Yes.
Q. You hardly ever took a drunken man, charged with felony, who was willing to go? - A. I never took one before.
Q. This Bank-note was found concealed, but loose in his coat pocket? - A. Yes.
Q. He said of whom he had taken it? - A. Yes; but I cannot find such a person.
Mr. Gurney. (To Martin.) Q. Look at that note, and say, whether you received it from Mr. M'Allister? - A. Yes; I know it by the endorsement of Mr. Hall, and E. M'A. the initials of M'Allister.
Mr. Knapp. Q. How long had you had that note? - 
               A. 
            Only a few minutes.
Q. You had only a few minutes to make those observations? - A. I made no observations then; I put it into my pocket, wrapped found the others; I saw M'Allister put his initials, and saw the name of Mr. Hall there at that time.


EDWARD
             M'ALLISTER sworn. - I keep the Castle-Tavern, No. 25, High-Holborn: On the 9th of July, Mr. Martin called upon me with his son, and I paid him a Bank-note of twenty pounds; this is the same, I know it by Mr. Hall's name, and my own initials; Mr. Hall's young man paid it to me, and wrote the name of Hall on it.
Mr. Knapp. 
               Q. 
            Hall and you had frequent dealings together? - A. Yes.
Q. It is not the first time you have had a name on a note? - 
               A. 
            Not by hundreds.
Q. And you put your initials on it? - A. Yes, I do on all my notes.
Mr. Gurney. Q. Do you believe that to be the note you paid to Martin? - A. I am sure it is.
JOHN HALL sworn. - On the 6th of June, I changed a twenty-pound note with Mr. M'Allister; this is the note, and it has my hand-writing on it.
WILLIAM COOMBE sworn. - I have gone from top to bottom of the Hay-market, and made every possible enquiry for Mr. Sowden, or Snowden, a perfumer, but no such person lives there; I enquired at almost every shop on each side of the way.
Prisoner's defence. My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury, I beg leave to say, that I had that morning taken a little drop of ale, and calling at Mr. Barker's, where this unfortunate affair seems to have arisen, I stopped to dine with some gentlemen; instead of drinking three or four bottles of wine, I am confident we had eight or ten; I believe Mr. Martin paid for five, being the wine-merchant of the house; I was in a state of intoxication; and when I went from Barker's, I went home, which is a distance of three quarters of a mile at least; I took a 20l. note in the shop that evening, which, fortunately, I believe, a gentleman in Court can prove, who assisted me with part of the change; with respect to Mrs. Snowden, whom they have mentioned, it is a plain proof that I was very much in liquor, for I never knew or heard of the name before; and I think it is very hard a man cannot take a 20l. note, as I took that, without being tried for it.
For the Prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NUGENT
               



             CUMMINS sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. 
               Q. 
            Where do you live? - A. At No. 11, Exeter court, in the Strand; and know the prisoner very well: I called at his shop on Thursday evening, to see him, but did not; on Friday evening, the 9th, I called again, and saw him, some time between five and seven; I don't know what he came home about, but while I was waiting, he came in; and presently a decent dressed person came in also, and asked him for change for a note, but what the value of it was, I did not then know; he said, he did not think he could change it, without they would purchase something, he not knowing him; and the person laid out some money, perhaps four or five pounds, or something of that kind, in combs, I believe; I thought Jones was a litte tipsey; and he asked me if I could lend him any change; to oblige him who was a person I was very intimate with, I did lend him some, sooner than he should loose the sale of his goods, I think it was nine pounds, for I received a 10l. note afterwards from him, and I gave him a 1l. note; - it was three 2l. notes, and three 1l. notes; now I perfectly recollect; I understood the note he wanted change for was 20l.; I did not see the amount of the note, or the value of it; I did not pay much attention to it, and I suppose it was not above ten or fifteen minutes about; I have known the prisoner two years off and on, and I should have trusted him with any sum of money.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. What are you? - A. I have been an officer in the navy, but am not at this moment.
Q. How long have you ceased to be so? - A. Since I was wounded in the West-Indies, about two years ago.
Q. Have you been on half-pay ever since? - A. No, I was a warrant officer, a gunner, doing Lieutenant's duty.
Q. What business have you been in? - A. I made a good deal of Prize-money, and I have a good deal of business in the navy agency way; I am agent for a number of officers, whose powers I have now in my pocket-book.
Q. Do you keep a house? - A. Yes, I do, and voted for Lord Gardner at the last election.
Q. When this person came for change, Mr. Jones could not do it, unless he would take goods? - A. I believe that was it.
Q. And in order to get change for a Bank-note, the person took four or five pounds worth of combs? - A. I cannot be certain, thereabouts.
The prisoner called nine witnesses, who gave him a good character. GUILTY, aged 59.




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
