





115. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     CLEER
                  , alias 
                     FRANCIS 
                     
                     
CLARE





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of December
, four cambric handkerchiefs, value 12 s. two tin card-racks, value 6 d. a flannel shirt, value 2 s. 6 d. three pair of silk stockings, value 15 s. and a silver watch, value 4 l.
             the property of the Honourable


                     Henry-Augustus 
                     Dillon
                  




               
            .
(The case was stated by Mr. Const.)
HON. HENRY-
               
                  AUGUSTUS 
                  DILLON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const. Q. What was the prisoner? - A. I took the prisoner as my servant
 about a year ago, and trusted him with the whole management of the house.
Q. When did you miss these articles? - A. In the month of November last, from information that I then had, I applied to Bow-street for a search-warrant; I saw the things taken out of the box by the Officer; it was a box of mine, but I had no particular use for it; I desired him to send up all the keys of what I had in the house; having some suspicion, he sent every key whatever, except the key of this trunk; he appropriated this trunk intirely to himself, it contained every thing of his own property; when I saw the contents of this trunk, the thing that struck me most was the handkerchiefs, and from what I understood, he had accused the other servants of taking them; what we found in that trunk he owned; the four handkerchiefs and the two card-racks were foundin that trunk at my house, No. 3, York-street, Baker-street, Westminster, on the 24th of December.
Q. Those things were found in your box; do you know them to be your property? - A. Yes.
Q. You missed them in November? - A. I was informed of it in November.
Q. Had you ever mentioned any thing to the prisoner of the loss of cambric handkerchiefs? - A. No, I did not, because he mentioned it to me on my arrival in the house of the four handkerchiefs being lost.
Q. Did you keep these handkerchiefs in York-street? - A. They should have been there.
Q. Were the handkerchiefs lost before the watch was missing? - A. I believe the watch was missing many months before the handkerchiefs; I was informed of them both on the same day.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. The prisoner at the bar had accompanied you to Ireland? - A. Yes, I arrived in Ireland on the first of August, and remained there till the 21st of November.
Q. During all this time the prisoner was attending you? - A. Yes.
Q. Have you any recollection whether this watch was in Ireland? - A. I do not recollect it, if it had, I should have taken notice of it.
Q. Had you not seen the watch at the hotel? - A. I do not recollect.
Q. The intelligence you received of the loss of your four handkerchiefs was immediately upon your return from Ireland? - A. Yes.
Q. Supposing the prisoner to have appropriated them to his own use, can you say it was done in your house in York-street, or that it was not done in Ireland? - A. I cannot say whether it was done in Ireland; they were found in his possession after my return to York-street; I received information from the prisoner himself, saying, that there were four handkerchiefs lost, and after he had had some conversation about some other servants, he charged them with taking them; with respect to the watch, I had delivered it to the housekeeper, for the use of the servants, when I took the house in York-street, there being no clock in the house, about two years ago.
Court. Q. Therefore, if it had been taken down, it was not by your own knowledge? - A. Certainly not.


                  JULIA 
                  BURT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const. Q. You are housekeeper to Mr. Dillon? - A. I am, I came into his service some time last May.
Q. Do you recollect the time-piece that hung in the housekeeper's room; you saw it when you came? - A. I do not know that it hung there when I came, I have seen it.
Q. Do you know of its being missed at any time? - A. My fellow servants do.
Q. Did you enquire of the prisoner about it, in consequence of any thing being said? - A. Yes, I asked him for the watch after I came there; he said it was in Burton-street, at Mr. Dillon's watch-maker; I went and enquired, it was not there; I told the prisoner it was not at the watchmaker's; he said it must be there; I went the second and third time to the watch-maker's, but I could not find it there; I came back, and told him each time; he told me it was not worth my while to bother my head about it, it was not worth keeping in repair; he then said the late housekeeper had told him she had left it there, and he knew no more about it; I had not seen it in York-street, I had seen it in lodgings at Piccadilly, when Mr. Dillon lodged there, and on the day I went to Mr. Dillon's, Mr. Dillon went to Oxford-races; the prisoner had four or five Jews every day in his room.
Court. Q. Did you ever see these cambric handkerchiefs and flannel shirt, or the silk stockings in York-street? - A. Not till the box was broke open.
Q.(To Mr. Dillon.) Had you ever seen them in York-street? - A. I certainly had seen them in York-street.
Q. Since the prisoner came into your house do you reccollect ever having seen them? - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  MURPHY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const. Q. In what situation do you live in Mr. Dillons house? - A. Footman.
Q. Do you recollect the silver watch that used to hang in the housekeeper's room? - A. Perfectly well; I have seen it hang in the house in York-street.
Court. Q. Have you seen it in the house since the prisoner was there? - A. I have, it as hung there for the use of the house ever since; I was in Mr. Dillon's service, till the housekeeper went away.
Q. Did you ever see it after the present housekeeper came into the service? - A. No, I have not till I saw it at Bow-street.
Q. Can you say whether she left it behind, or took it away? - A. I do not know, I asked the prisoner if he had got the watch, and he said no, and about three weeks or a fortnight ago I asked him if he had got the watch, he said he had not, and he told me not to bother him about it.
Q. Did you ever see it in his own room; - A. Yes; he was at his chest of drawers, and I turned round and saw the watch in his hand, I said nothing about it at that time.
Q. How long was that before the search was made? - A. That was sometime in July.
Q. From that time to the time he was taken up was it in the housekeeper's room? - A. No.
Court. Q. Never replaced? - A. No, never.
Q. Before that till you missed it, it always usedto hang there? - A. Yes, it always hung there over the fire-place.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const. Q. You, I believe, searched the box? - A. Yes, on the 24th of December we searched the trunk, it was locked, I broke it open, and found four handkerchiefs and two card-racks.
Q. What did the box contain? - A. Wearing-apparel belonging to the prisoner; there was no property in the trunk belonging to Mr. Dillon, but what is mentioned in the indictment; and on the 26th I went to Dixley and took the prisoner into custody, at his Lordship's house; I told him I had a warrant for him from his master, charging him with stealing a number of things belonging to his master, and that, among other articles, he was charged with stealing a silver watch or time-piece; he said the time-piece he had in his trunk; I took the key from him immediately, and took him into custody; I unlocked it, and he put his hand down and pulled the watch out; the flannel shirt was in the trunk at Dixley; the stockings were in a sort of drawers in his room; they were locked up with some of his own things; he said he put them there to send them to wash, but being only three pair, he had not sent them; he always kept them to a greater quantity to send to the washerwoman's. - (The property produced and identified by the prosecutor.)
Q.(To the prosecutor.) What is the value of the watch? - A. Twenty shillings; the flannel shirt, 2 s. 6 d. the cambric handkerchiefs, 1 s. each; I know they are mine, and I am certain I did not give them to him; and the card-racks, 6 d. I am sure they were in my possession; they are either mine or General - .
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
