





537. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  YEOMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of June
, twelve boards, value 30s.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Poynder
               



            , the elder, and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Poynder
                  



               
            , the younger.
THOMAS POYNDER, jun. sworn. - I am in partnership with my father, his name is Thomas: On the 16th of June I lost six scaffolding-boards and six other boards, from a place in Hill-street


, that we have on purpose to keep them. The prisoner was a labourer
 employed by us; I had not missed them; I had information they were at the house of a man of the name of Reeve, a carpenter, the corner of Hill-street; I found at his house twelve boards in the back yard, three of them were marked with my name, and I have no doubt of the others being mine.
GEORGE WHITE sworn. - I am a mason, at No. 29, Windmill-street, Finsbury-square: On Thursday the 16th of June, I was looking out of my parlour window, and saw the prisoner come out of Mr. Poynder's yard, in Hill-street, with two boards on his shoulder, which appeared to me to be scassolding-boards; I saw him go to the corner of Paul-street, and put them off his shoulder; I thought he went into a house, but I could not see whether he did or not; Mr. Reeve's is the corner of Paul-street; in a few minutes he returned, and setched one more board; he took the saw a direction; then I saw him and another labourer go to the King's Arms public-house.
- REEVE sworn. - I am a carpenter, at No. 5, Paul-street; the prisoner came to me between eight and nine in the morning of the 16th of June, and asked me if I bought old boards; I told him, yes; he brought me one; he asked me half a crown, and I gave him two shillings; then he brought me four more, I gave him nine shillings for them; and then two more, and I gave him five shillings and sixpence; then two more at five shillings and sixpence; and then three more at eight shillings and sixpence; I shewed them to Mr. Poynder, and he claimed them.(One of the boards produced and identified by Mr. Poynder.)

Prisoner. I leave it to God and the mercy of the Court. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 68.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
