





268. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MANNING
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 16th of June
 was clerk to 
                     
                        
                           William Hasletine 
                           Pepys
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Pepys
                        



                     
                  , and was employed and entrusted by them to receive money and valuable securities for them, that he being such servant, and so employed, did receive and take into his possession, an order for the payment of six pounds thirteen shillings for his said masters, and that he afterwards feloniously did embezzle and secrete the same
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HASLETINE PEPYS
               



            . - Mr. Comyn. Who are you in partnership with. - A. My brother 
               
                  Edward 
                  Pepys
               



            , we live at 24, in the Poultry


, we are surgeons' instrument makers

; the prisoner was collecting clerk and bookkeeper
.
Q. Was it his business to receive payments due to you from your different customers. - A. It was; it was his duty to account daily to the shopman, who made an entry in a receipt book for that purpose, of the money he received from the prisoner.
Q. Did you in the course of your business use to make up your accounts with your shopman weekly. - A. Weekly.
Q. Was the prisoner in that situation in the month of June 1806. - A. He was.
Q. Have you any paper of names in your possession of the prisoner's hand writing. - A. William Williams has that.
Q. When did you discover that any money had not been accounted to you. - A. On the 13th of March, 1807.
Court. This man was to go about to collect your debts. - A. He was; and to account always to the shopman, because I would not take the responsibility on me.
Prisoner. These sums were put down in pencil.
Mr. Pepys. No, they were not; they were put down in red ink in the regular receipt book in the shop.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . - Mr. Comyn. Are you shopman to Messrs. Pepys. - A. I am.
Q. It was the duty of the prisoner at the bar to account to you daily for the money he had received. - A. Yes.
Q. Did you from time to time make an entry in the book of the money that you received from him. - A. I did.
Q. It was your business to account for the money that you received from him to the master. - A. It was.
Q. In the month of March last had you any direction to call on any person for money. - A. I received instructions on the 2nd of March, to go on the 3d of March by 
               
                  William 
                  Hasledine Pepys
               



            ; the prisoner was not present when this order was given, but I mentioned to him afterwards on the same day; he said nothing to me on that day. The next morning, as I was in the shop, making preparations to go out, he wished me not to go for a few days; I told him I should go, and Mr. Pepys was coming to attend business while I went, and I must go; he wished me to step up stairs, as he wanted to speak to me; I told him he might as well speak to me there; if it was any secret relative to the business I did not wish to know it. He then presented me with a paper; that is the paper (producing it); it is the hand writing of the prisoner; he requested that I would not call upon those people whose names were in that list. I told him he was placing me in an unpleasant situation; he said it was in my power to make him happy for ever. I went out.
Q. Did you call upon Messrs. Green of Leadenhall street. - A. I did. I demanded the money.
Q. Look at that receipt, is that the hand-writing of the prisoner. - A. It is. I got it from Messrs. Green, of Leadenhall street.
MR. CHARLES GREEN. - Mr. Comyn. You are a merchant in Leadenhall street. - I am.
Q. Do you deal with Messrs. Pepys in the Poultry. - A I do.
Q. Did you owe them any sum of money in June 1806. - A. We did, six pound thirteen, that receipt was given for the draft on our bankers, and the draft was returned cancelled by our bankers. (The draft and the receipt read in court.)
Q. (to Williams). Look at that receipt and tell me whether that is the hand writing of the prisoner. - A. It is.
Q. Did the prisoner account to you for this six pound thirteen. - A. He did not
Q. (to Mr. W. H. Pepys). Did the prisoner at the bar account to you for this money. - A. No he did not.
Q. (to Mr. E. Pepys). Did the prisoner account to you for the six pound thirteen shillings. - A. No, there was no money transaction at all passed with me.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 11th of June I had the misfortune to lose a watch and a sum of money. I recovered this money till such times I had a friend to come forward. I never intended to defraud my master.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
