





554. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of May
, five pewter plates, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Townsend
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Compton
                  



               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALMER
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to Messrs. 
               
                  John 
                  Townsend
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Compton
               



            , pewter manufactures

 in Booth-street, Spitalfields


, the prisoner was their servant
: 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Handley
               



             brought the prisoner back, and I saw five plates produced in the accompting-house, they laid upon the desk; on the 20th of May, the officer came in, and took charge of him.
Q.Whose property were they? - A. My master's; I know them by a mark which I put upon them for the purpose of detection.
Cross-examined by Mr. Bevil. Q. How many did you mark? - A.Ten dozen.
Q.Had any of the plates that were so marked been sold? - A.No.


                  THOMAS 
                  HANDLEY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. By the direction of my mistress, I apprehended the prisoner on Wednesday evening the 20th of May, going away, about two hundred yards from the warehouse; I told him my master wanted him in the accompting-house; he came back to the accompting-house where Mr. Compton was; I searched his coat, and nothing was found there; I found concealed in his breeches five pewter plates; accordingly, the runner came in a few minutes afterwards, and took him into custody; he desired to be let go, and he would go away, and not come back any more; he said, it was the first offence in this country, or any other; my master said he should prosecute him; the plates were delivered to Vickery, the officer.
Cross-examined by Mr. Bevil. Q.Did you hear him say how he came by them? - A.No.


                  JOHN 
                  VICKERY
               



             sworn. - I am an officer, (produces the plates): He told me these plates were the first he had ever taken from the manufactury; I have had them ever since.
Balmer. I can swear these to be the plates that I marked, and that they are my master's property.
Prisoner's defence. I was taking a walk, and met with a woman that wanted to sell these plates, and I bought them of her; I gave her two shillings for them. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
