





809. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SEBLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of August
, forty-five pounds of iron nails, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Perry
                  



               
            , the elder
, 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Perry
                  



               
            , the younger
, and 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Perry
                  



               
            .
Second Count. Charging them to be the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Perry
               



            , the younger.
Third Count. Charging them to be the property of certain persons to the Jurors unknown.(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  THOMAS 
                  TEMPEST
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am foreman to messrs. Perry, in theship-yard, at Blackwall, in the smith's department.
Q. What is the firm of the copperas manufactory


? - A. John Perry, senior, 
               
                  John 
                  Perry
               



            , junior, and Philip Perry.
Q. Did you miss any nails? - A. No, it is impossible.
Q. What nails were these? - A. They were Dutch filling nails, made in Holland; they are made into copperas; they are stripped from the bottoms of Dutch-Indiamen; I went with the officer, Brown, to the house of Henderson, on the 11th of September, with a search-warrant; his house is at Poplar, about half a mile from the copperas manufactory; we found two bags of nails, and a quantity lying on the floor loose in the back room.
Q. How long after that search was the prisoner apprehended? - A. Not more than three hours, I imagine.
Q. Was he the servant of Messrs. Perry? - A. Yes, the nails in the manufactory were under his care.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I went with a search-warrant on the 11th of September to the apartments of Henderson; in the back room I found a quantity of filling nails in a basket; and, when I came to empty the basket, I found two parcels tied up; after these nails had been found, Sebley was brought to the office by Mr. Dalton.
Q. Did you see him at the Lebeck's Head before he went to the office? - A. I did.
Q. Was he made acquainted with what had been found? - A. Yes, I brought the parcels, and put them down on the table before his face.
Q. Did any person make use of any promise of favour, or any threat, to induce him to give an account of those parcels? - A. No; he said the parcels then on the table were in the same state in which he had sold them to Henderson, and in the same manner in which he had brought them from Mr. Perry's premises; he told me he had sold more at different times; and we found a great many more.(The examination of the prisoner produced.)
Q. Is that the Magistrate's hand-writing? - A. Yes, and I saw the prisoner sign it.
Q. Was any promise or threat made to induce him to confess? - A. None.
Mr. Alley. I should wish Mr. Dalton to be called before the examination is read.


                  THOMAS 
                  DALTON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a constable; I apprehended the prisoner.
Q. Before he said any thing respecting these parcels, had you made him any promise of favour or threat? - A. No; neither myself, or any body else; as we were coming towards the office, I told him, having received so many favours from Mr. Perry, I was very sorry; and I told him, if he knew any thing of his guilt, to mention it before the Magistrate.
Q. Did you not assign as a reason that that might be the means of punishing Henderson, and he might receive favour? - A. No, I did not.
The examination read as follows:
"
               
                  Charles 
                  Sebley
               



             - I am a labouring man, in the service of Mr. Perry; I work for him in his copperas premises; I have worked in those premises these seven years; the two parcels of old filling nails, now produced, were taken by me from my master's premises three weeks ago; they were loose, I tied them up as they are now; I took them to the shop of Henderson, a blacksmith, in Poplar, to whom I sold them; he weighed them, and paid me three farthings per pound; I had taken to the shop of the said Henderson, several parcels of the same kind of nails before; he never enquired where I brought them from; he always took me into a back room, where he weighed them, and paid me; I can't say what the weight was; I always took it from him."(The nails produced.)
Tempest. These are Dutch filling nails.
Prisoner's defence. They frightened me so, that I did not know what I said; Mr. Dalton said, if I would impeach Henderson, I should get clear myself.
Q.(To Dalton.) Did you say so? - A. I did not.



               GUILTY
            , aged 56.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
