





87. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BOYNTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 6th of December
, five sheets, value 12 s. a counterpane, value 5 s. a gown, value 10 s. and a napkin, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Baylis
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BAYLIS
               



             sworn. I live in Phil's Buildings, Hounsditch


, the prisoner lived with me as servant
. On the 6th of December I went down in the kitchen with my wife, she took up the side carpet on the kitchen, and underneath the carpet there was a handkerchief which contained a number of duplicates, a shilling, and some halfpence.
Q. Did you ask her whose property these duplicates related to? - A. She said they were mine, she said she was sorry she had done it,but she meant to replace them. I sent for Forrester, and I delivered the prisoner and the duplicates to him.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



             sworn. I am an officer of Lambeth-street, I was sent for by Mr. Baylis, he delivered about forty-six duplicates in a handkerchief. I produce the duplicates.
- YOUNG sworn. I am servant to Mr. Barker of Hounsditch. I produce two sheets and a gown pawned by the prisoner; I know the prisoner, she frequented the shop.


                  CHARLES 
                  REECE
               



             sworn. I am servant to Mr. Perkins, a pawnbroker in Bishopsgate-street. I produce three sheets, I do not know the prisoner, they were pawned by a woman. (The property identified by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's Defence. My mistress lent me the gown to pledge for her.
Q. (To prosecutrix.) Did you ever lend her that gown? - A. I did not, I never had occasion to do any thing of the kind while she was with me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 47.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
