





753. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he on the 10th of January
, was a servant to 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , and was employed to receive money for him, and being such servant so employed and entrusted did receive and take into his possession the sum of 16 l. 10 s. and that he afterwards feloniously did embezzle, secrete, and steal the same
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a livery stable keeper, and jobber of horses
, Kersel-street, May-fair


, the prisoner was my clerk
, he was accustomed to receive money for me, it was his duty to accompt to me.
Q. Had you for one of your customers a gentleman of the name of Angelo - A. Yes.
Q. In consequence of finding the bills not paid, did you question him about it - A. Yes, as for me he said I was rich enough, I did not want the money, he could not get it in, I was very much dissatisfied not getting my money in, I frequently spoke to him why he did not collect it in, he said he was pressed for time, I said I would give him four or five days, I charged him with Mr. Miles's fifteen pound. On Monday morning when I came to town he was not in the way, he was gone to Gloucester-place to wait upon a customer. I did not see him any more till Townshend the officer took him, then I saw him.
Q. What passed then - A. On the Friday or Saturday he sent me a list of the debts that he had collected in, this is the list, it is his own hand-writing, in this list there is no account of Mr. Angelo, it is a list of sixty-nine pound, I told him that could not go on with him any more. I was sure that he did not give me the money that he had collected in.
Q. In consequence of this you had occasion to look in your books - A. I had; on searching my books, I discovered that he must have received from a thousand to thirteen hundred pounds that he has not accompted for, he has taken money of the gentleman, I have got the receipts in my pocket, I know it by the ostler, he is here, he received the money, and gave it to him.


                  JOHN 
                  WHITE
               



            . Q. You are ostler are you - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know of any payment you have given to the prisoner - A. I know of the payment of Mr. Waring sixty odd pounds, Mr. Chulmley 60 l. 4 s., Mr. Joliffe, 12 l 16 s.; Mr. Davey, 4 l. 8 s.; Captain Dudley, 2 l. 6 s.; Mr. Taylor, 1 l. 8 s.; Mr. Hinchley, 1 l. 16 s. 6 d.; the Rev. Mr. Mellish, I cannot say what the draft was, and Sir 
               
                  William 
                  Wake
               



            , I cannot exactly say, he had the draft of me, the receipt will tell.
Mr. Curwood. These were drafts upon these gentlemen's bankers - A. Yes, they came into my hands, I gave them into the hands of the prisoner.
Q. Did you take them to the banker's - A. No, I gave them to him.


                  HENRY 
                  ANGELO
               



            , ESQ. Q. We understand that Mr. Smith had a bill upon you - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember on the 10th of January, paying any sum to the prisoner - A. Yes.

Q. Look at this receipt and bill, and tell me whether that is the bill and receipt that you paid - A. Yes the bill was 16 l. 13 s. the receipt was for 16 l. 10 s. there was a mistake in the bill, what makes me remember it is, the receipt is for less than the bill, my having pointed out the mistake to him, I paid it in notes myself.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, and called no witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
             - aged 39.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron Wood.
