





261. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SAUNDERS
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 13th of February
, a table clock, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Bishop
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .
Second Count for like offence, only charging it to be in the dwelling house of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Bishop
               



            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  BISHOP
               



             sworn. On the 13th of February, about half after three o'clock, I lost a clock, the prisoner was the last person I saw in the shop before I lost the clock.
Q. Did you ever find your clock. - A. Yes, it was found at Mr. Lightfoot's the pawnbrokers.
- LIGHTFOOT sworn. This clock was pawned at our house on the 13th of February, for 3 l. by the prisoner, he came again in March, and borrowed another pound on it, I was present both times, and made out the ticket.
Q. Are you sure that he is the same man. - A. I am positive that he is the man.


                  GEORGE 
                  TURNER
               



             sworn. On the 12th of March, as I stated before, the prisoner applied to me to know if I would buy a clock at Mr. Lightfoot's, I had every reason to believe that he had got this clock as he had the other; I went round to several clock makers to know if they had lost such a thing, I heard Mr. Bishop had lost it; I had the prisoner apprehended.
(The clock produced, and identified by the prosecutor.)
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.
GUILTY, aged 26.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings
            





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
