





58. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CHILD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of November
, a plated sugar bason, value 10 s. four silver desert spoons, value 40 s. a silver table spoon, value 15 s. and two silver tea spoons, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John-Henry 
                           Stevenson
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
 in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUMMERS
               



             sworn. - In November last I lived with John-
               
                  Henry 
                  Stevenson
               



            , Esq
. No. 46, Barnard-street, Russel-square


.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before? - A. I never saw him before that occasion; on the 23d of November, about nine o'clock, I went into the front parlour, and was laying the breakfast; I heard the alarm of stop thief called by my fellow-servant, 
               
                  Jane 
                  Meredith
               



            ; I heard the area-steps rattle very much indeed, it is a kind of a ladder; I lookedover the blinds in the parlour window, and saw the prisoner go out from the gate.
Q. Are you sure of the man? - A. Yes, I saw him go out from the area gate, and I pursued him to Russel-square; after I got into the street, I never lost sight of him; I am sure he is the man, he was running when I came out.
Q. How near might you be to him when you got into the street? - A. I suppose it might be two hundred yards: I gained ground upon him, and came up with him; I called out stop thief, and a person of the name of Baynes stopped him; I came up, and seized him.
Q. How far were you from Baynes when he seized him first? - A. I suppose about fifty yards; Baynes and I brought the prisoner back to the house; we sent for 
               
                  John 
                  White
               



            , the constable; when we got him into the passage of my master's house, he persisted in dropping the plate there, and he accordingly dropped it; I saw him drop it; Wood, the constable, picked it up; that is all I know about it; Baynes is confined for debt in the King's Bench prison.


                  JANE 
                  MEREDITH
               



             sworn. - I was servant to Mr. Stevenson in November last.
Q. Do you remember being at work below stairs in your master's house, and being alarmed? - A. Yes, I saw this young man come towards the butler's pantry; I had never seen him before.
Q. You don't know how he got in? - A. No.
Q. Was the area door open? - A. Yes.
Q. He was going towards the area? - A. Yes, I heard the things rattle in his apron; I cried out stop thief; he then ran up the area steps; I ran up the steps after him, but no further; I then saw 
               
                  William 
                  Summers
               



             come out at the street-door, and go after him; Mr. Baynes and he brought him back, and I saw him drop the plate in the passage from out of his apron; Mr. Wood, the constable, picked it up.


                  THOMAS 
                  WOOD
               



             sworn. - I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner; I searched him, and he acknowledged having dropped those things, (produces them); I have had them in my possession ever since.
Q.(To Summers.) Is it your business to take care of the plate? - A. It is.
Q. Look at these articles, can you take upon yourself to say they are your master's? - A. I can swear that every one of these things were under my care.
Q. Can you speak to the value of them? - A. No, I don't know the value of such things; the sugar bason is not worth above five shillings.
Prisoner's defence. I never was guilty of any thing of the kind before in my life; I am a plasterer by trade.
GUILTY, aged 20,
Of 


               stealing goods to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
