





440. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Levy 
                           Solomon
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of eight in the afternoon, on the 27th of June
, the said 
                     
                        Levy 
                        Solomon
                     



                   and other of his family being therein, and feloniously stealing a blanket, value 7 s. a pair of sheets, value 15 s. and a counterpane, value 1 l. 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Rusby
                        



.


                  JANE 
                  RUSBY
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 9, Gloster-place


, my husband is a paper-hanger
; I went out on the 27th of June, about ten minutes before eight o'clock in the evening, and when I returned the clock struck eight; I went up stairs, and to my surprize my door was open.
Q. What part of the house have you? - A. Only the one pair back room.
Q. Whose house is it? - A. 
               
                  Levy 
                  Solomon
               



            's; he is a pencil-maker
; when I went in, I found the counterpane removed from the bed, and lying on the chair with the blanket, and the prisoner with a sheet wrapped up in his hand; when I went in, he held up his hand, and said, hush, hush; he dropped down the sheet, and I took hold of him by the collar, and held him for the space of five minutes, till we struggled to the top of the stairs; then I was obliged to leave hold of him, left I should go from the top of the stairs to the bottom; I called out, stop thief, all the time as loud as I could, and my landlord caught hold of him at the bottom of the stairs, and from there my landlord took him to the Office at Hatton-garden; I went with him, I never lost sight of him all the time; I had padlocked the door when I went out, and when I came in, I found the door about an inch open, and the padlock lying on the bed.
Q. Did you see any instrument that he could break the door open with? - A. No; the padlock was strained, nothing was taken away.
Q. Where was the counterpane when you left it? - A. On the bed, and the sheets too; the blanket was not.
Q. Are you sure that you padlocked that door? - A. I am certain of it.
Q. Does your husband live with you? - A. He is at Richmond at work.
Q. Are you positive that you locked this door? - A. I am positive that I locked it once, it double locks; I had not been gone above ten yards, only to the next door.
Q. Had you ever seen this man before? - A. Never in my life.
Q. Did he say any thing to you when you laid hold of him? - A. Only, hush, twice, holding his hand up.


                  LEVY 
                  SOLOMON
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 9, Glocester-place, Holborn, I am a pencil-maker: On the 27th of June, I came home just at eight o'clock; I was not at home above a minute or two, when I heard the alarm of murder, fire, and thieves; I immediately rushed out of my parlour-door, and saw Mrs. Rusby and the prisoner scuffling together; she immediately said to me, he has been robbing the place; I laid hold of him immediately, and asked him what business he had there; he scuffled very hard to get away from me, till we both fell down; he made me no answer at all till we got out of the passage into the court; then he said, let me go, for God's sake; I took him down to Hatton-garden Office myself, not being able to get a constable, and then I delivered him into the hands of Mr. White, the officer.
Prisoner. There was another woman that was with her that told me where to come to; I had been drinking with her all the evening; it is well known that nothing else than girls of the town live in the court.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



             sworn. - The prisoner was brought down to the Office by the witness; I tookhim into custody, and on searching him I found this skeleton key; I have tried a number of locks with it, and it has opened twenty out of twenty-four; the staple was wrenched off the door, and I found the lock lying on the furniture of the bed when I went into the room. He said he was very sorry for what he had done; he wished me to let him go; I went and searched his box, and I found that letter which I have delivered to you.
Jury. Q. What state was the padlock in when you saw it? - A. It had been knocked off the door, it was bruised at the side, as though it had been hit with a hammer; he got the padlock off by drawing the staple; the staple was put in again; I found the staple quite loose.
Prisoner. Q. Was not I very much in liquor? - A. You were at the time you were brought to me.
Jury. (To the prosecutrix.) Q. Are you married? - A. I am.
Prisoner. She told that gentleman that her husband was working in Tottenham Court-road.
Prosecutrix. He works for Messrs. Haines and Roberts, in Piccadilly; he has been at Richmond for this month.
Court. (To the prosecutrix.) Q. What family has Mr. Solomon? - A. His wife, two children, and her sister.
Jury. (To the prosecutrix.) Q. Whether you have any knowledge of that woman the prisoner speaks of? - A. She is a cousin of mine; her brother is a sheriff's officer, his name is Holmes; she had not been out two minutes when I saw this man standing with her; I sent that woman to a tailor with a pair of breeches, and when I came home she was behind me with the breeches in her apron.
Q. Did your cousin appear against the prisoner on his examination? - A. She was at Guildhall, but she was not asked any questions.
Court. The worthy Alderman is here; he does not remember any questions being asked of that person.
GUILTY, aged 55,




               Of stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
