





280. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAVIS
                  



               
             was indicted for



               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of March
, one hundred and seven pounds weight of pimento, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Barnjum
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  WALE
               



             sworn. - I am a carman to Mr. Barnjum; I took up some pimento in Tabernacle-walk to carry to James Myers, Leadenhall-street; and when I got into Mr. Myers's yard I had lost one of the bags; I went out to see if I could find any thing of the bag, and a man informed me he saw a man with a bag; I pursued after the man, and before I got up to him, he let the bag fall from his shoulder and run away.
Q. Where did you overtake him? - A. At Little St. Helen's; I halloaed out stop thief; he was taken, the other man that was with him got away from me; I am sure the prisoner is the man that had got the bag.
- WARE sworn. - I am a carpenter, I live at No. 25, Willow-walk, Curtain-road, Shoreditch: On the 8th of March, about a quarter before one, I was coming from my master's shop, in St. Mary axe; I was tired with my boards, I set them down to rest myself, and a man came by with a bag on his back, he ran down Great St. Helen's; as soon as he turned down there, the carter came by and asked me if I had seen any man with a bag; I told him, yes, (there were two men with him); I went with him, the prisoner is not the man that came by me with the bag at St. Mary Axe, but he had the bag on his shoulder then, and he threw the bag down, seeing we were in pursuit of them, and run away from it.
Q. Was any thing said to him before he threw the bag down? - A. No, the other two men that were with him saw the carter and me running after them, and then he threw the bag down.
Q. Are you sure that this is the man that you pursued, and that had the bundle on his shoulder? - A. Yes, he is the man that we pursued from the Flower-pot, in Bishopsgate-street


, to St. Helen's; I never lost sight of him as we pursued him; he threw the bag down and run back from St. Helen's to the Flower-pot, and then to St. Helen's again.
Prisoner. Q. You say I was not the man that passed by you with the bag? - A. No, he was a stouter man than you.
Q. Do you think that he was the man that threw the bag from his shoulder or me? - A. It was you.
Court. Q.(To Wale.) Is that the bag that was taken out of your cart? - A. Yes, I loaded them; I know the mark.
Prisoner's defence. On the 18th of March I was going down Bishopsgate-street to the East-India-house, to get a ship; as I was going along there was a mob of people running on the other side of the way; I ran to see what was the matter, and there was a man they said had stole something, but what I could not tell; presently afterwards a gentleman said he was a constable, and stopped me; I was taken into a public-house, and the next day to the Mansion-house; I never saw the bag before I saw it at the Mansion-house.
Q. Did not you feel it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
