





698. 
               
                  
                     FRANCES 
                     MOODEY
                  




               
             was indicted 


               feloniously stealing on the 16th of September
, twenty eight yards of gingham, value 1 l. 1 s. 1 d. and four yards of muslin, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Potter
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  POTTER
               



            . I am a linen draper
, I live two doors from London bridge, on the left hand side in the City of London; I have no partner; I only come here as the prosecutor.


                  HENRY 
                  WATTS
               



            . Q. What are you - A. I am shopman to Mr. Potter. On Friday the 16th of September, between the hours of five and six in the evening, Collins suspected a woman in the shop; a few minutes afterwards I went into the front shop and waited upon the prisoner myself; I sold her a towel for eight pence; she gave me a shilling and I gave her four-pence in change; she seemed very much confused and scarce knew what she was doing; she went out of the shop and I followed her; when she was out in the street I tapped her on the shoulder and desired her to step back; I thought she had got something she had not paid for; she immediately came into the shop, and between the pile of goods which stood in the shop and the counter, she let the goods fall from under her clothes.
Q. What were the goods - A. A piece of gingham, twenty eight yards, and a length of muslin, about four yards; I asked her if she knew any thing about them; she denied it; I immediately sent for a constable.


                  ROBERT 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Potter. On the 16th of September, I saw the prisoner take a piece of gingham from one counter to the other; I afterwards missed it from the counter; I informed Mr. Watts of it; I saw the prisoner drop them goods from her.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I am totally innocent; my arm has been in a sling four months; it is not possible of me to do any thing of the kind; you may rely upon it I am innocent; a lady passed by me who was likely to be guilty of the fact which I am suffering for now.
Collins. She was not lame at the time.


                  THOMAS 
                  PINNER
               



            . Q. When you took her in custody did you observe her to be lame - A. When I took her to the counter, she said do not hurt my arm, I have got a lame arm; it was not in a sling.
Q. to Watts. Was she lame at the time - A. I did not observe it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
