





843. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     SWAINE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of October
, eleven silk handkerchiefs, value 43s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hooper
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  COOK
               



             sworn. - I live at Mr. Pickerings, No. 125, Cock-hill, Ratcliff


, nearly opposite Mr. Hooper's shop: On Saturday the 16th of this month, a quarter before nine o'clock at night, I had some information, in consequence of which, I ran over to Mr. Hooper's shop; when I entered the door, I perceived the prisoner coming from under the slap of the counter, with eleven silk handkerchiefs in his hand.
Q. Were there any body in the shop besides? - A. Nobody at all; I seized him and took the handkerchiefs from him; Mr. Hooper entered the shop, and I delivered the handkerchiefs to him; the prisoner begged for mercy, and said, if I would let him go, he would not do the same again; an officer was then sent for, and he was taken into custody.
JOHN HOOPER sworn. - I keep a shop
 opposite Mr. Pickering's, at Cock-hill.
Q. Is your shop a part of your house? - A. Yes.
Q. You have a house entirely to yourself? - A. Entirely; on Saturday the 16th, I went down into the cellar, I was not absent more than four or five minutes.
Q. Did you leave any body in the shop? - A. No; I heard a violent noise, I ran up, and found the prisoner in the possession of Cooke, who gave me a parcel of handkerchiefs, which I knew to be my property.
Q. Whereabouts were they lying? - A. In the shop window, upon the stall-board.
Q. Were they in one piece? - A. No, they are separate handkerchiefs, of different forts, (produces them;) I have kept them ever since.
Q. Do you know them to be your's? - A. Yes.
Cooke. These are the same handkerchiefs that I delivered to Mr. Hooper; I put my mark upon all of them.
Prisoner's defence. I do not know what to say.
GUILTY, aged 11.




               Of stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
