





708. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     TOTHILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of August
, a cotton apron, value 6d. two pair of cotton hose, value 3s. a shirt, value 4s. two table-cloths, value 5s. two sheets, value 5s. four pillow-cases, value 2s. and a muslin handkerchief, value 1s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Mottier
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MOTTIER
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Mottier
               



            : I keep a public-house in Brewer-Street, Golden Square


; I employed the prisoner at the bar, as a chairwoman
, for about nine months, and, at different times, missed a great quantity of wearing apparel, and household linen; I had not the least suspicion of the prisoner; I discharged two maids, not telling them what I discharged them for, in order to find out the thief; on the 11th of September, I accused the prisoner with taking my property, and on her person I found, in her pocket, tea, sugar, salt, and an apron; I immediately sent to Marlborough-Street, for an officer; I gave charge of her, and went with the officer to her lodgings, where I found a pair of stockings with my mark upon them, that she had taken away the day before, they were wet, a clout, three knives and three forks, and seventy-nine duplicates, which led to the discovery of the property in the indictment; the pawnbrokers delivered me a great quantity of things at Marlborough-Street, that are not in the indictment.

Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. This poor woman, I believe, up to this time, has maintained a very good character? - A. Yes.
WILLIAM-
               
                  HENRY 
                  WARRE
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, servant to Mr. Turner, in Panton-Street, (produces a table-cloth and a shirt); I took them in of the prisoner at the bar: I have known her pledging and redeeming things for twelve years; I never heard any thing amiss of her before.


                  JOHN 
                  KENNETT
               



             sworn. - I live with Mr. Charino, pawnbroker, Broad Sanctuary, (produces two sheets, a table-cloth, four pillow cases, and a handkerchief); I took them in of the prisoner.
Mrs. Mottier. They are all marked with my own name.
The prisoner did not say any thing in her defence, but called 
               
                  James 
                  Kennedy
               



            , an officer of Marlborough-Street, who had known her fourteen or fifteen years, and gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 47.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
