





911. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JACOB
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of October
 a pearl ring, value 27 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Pugh
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  PUGH
               



            . I keep a jeweller's shop
 on the Pavement, Moorfields


. On the 6th of October last the prisoner came into my shop, he said he was a mate of a West Indiaman, he wanted to look out some rings to take to the West Indies, my wife shewed him several, while I was putting down he things that he said he would have, he pointed to a back glass-case, said he wished to have some silk purses; Mrs. Pugh went to get some purses, and while I was writing with my head down he slipped out of the shop. Mrs. Pugh looked round, and said the man was gone; he had taken two gold seals, a pearl ring, and a gold chain. I pursued after him and could not see him, he had got quite away, it was about eleven o'clock.
Q. How long was it after you saw him in custody - A. This was on the Friday; I saw him on the Monday at Whitechapel office. I have seen the ring since, I am quite sure he is the man.
Q. Are you quite sure that that ring was in your shop at the time you were shewing him these things - A. Yes, I am quite sure of that.


                  THOMAS 
                  BERRY
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Murray, pawnbroker, in Nightingale-lane. On Saturday the 7th of October the prisoner pledged a pearl ring; I lent him 10 s. on it in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Jacob
               



            .
The property produced and identified.
JOHN GRIFITHS. I am an officer, I searched the prisoner, and found the duplicate of the ring.

Prisoner's Defence. I am a stranger in this country.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
