





459. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MASON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of June
, a coat, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Thompson
                        



                     
                  ; a coat, value 7 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Oliver 
                           Wilson
                        



                     
                  ; a coat, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Schofield
                        



                     
                  ; a coat, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Hooper
                        



                     
                  ; a coat, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Chant
                        



                     
                  , and a coat, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Sutton
                        



.
(The case was stated by Mr. Alley.)


                  MARTHA 
                  THOMPSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Alley. Q. I believe you are appointed to take care of a room, in which the gentlemen's coats were deposited in the Stock-exchange


 on the 7th of June? - A. On the 7th of June, between nine and ten o'clock, I left the room with a number of men's coats hanging there; when I returned to the room, I saw the prisoner there with a bag in his hand; I stepped back, and locked the door, and locked him in, and called for assistance. The prisoner broke a square of glass, put his hand through, unlocked the door, and ran out into the court; he was brought back, and taken into custody; he left the bag behind; I asked him if the bag was his; he said it was; there were five coats in the bag belonging to different gentlemen, and a coat belonging to my son; he had unlocked the door, and went in, and when I left the room the coats were all hanging up.


                  GEORGE 
                  CRIPPS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Alley. Q. In consequence of an alarm made by the last witness, do you recollect pursuing the prisoner? - A. Yes, on the 7th of June I pursued him, and took him about a hundred and fifty yards from the Stock-exchange; I brought him back; I asked him if it was his bag; he said, yes; the coats were all in the bag at that time; he said he had put them in.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Had you a coat hanging up at the Stock-exchange? - A. I was informed there was; the coat was sent home on the 6th of June.


                  OLIVER 
                  WILSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Had you a coat hanging in this place? - A. I had. (The coats produced and identified by the owners.)
Prisoner's defence. I did not wish to give the Court any trouble; it was really through want that I did it, I was a long way from my parish.



               GUILTY
            , aged 68.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
