





725. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  GREENAWAY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of August
, a sack, value 3s. 6d. and four bushels of oats, value 14s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Aslett
                  




               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Gurney.)
THOMAS TURTON sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am a barge-man; I work for Mr. James Aslett, of Isleworth: On the 6th of August I was at work unloading a tug that was loaded with oats, the prisoner was at work with me; I slept on board that night with my brother, a little boy, about eight years old; my brother waked me between ten and eleven o'clock; I got up, and saw a man taking a sack from off the wharf; I went up to that man, and asked him who he was; he made no reply, but knocked me down, and ran away; then I saw another man and he ran away, then I saw a third man, about as far from the oats as I am from you, I pursued him and asked him who he was; I knew him, it was 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Greenaway
               



            , the prisoner; he shuffled away from me and went through the water.
Q. How close were you to him, had you hold of him? - A. No, I touched him, and that was all; I am sure it was him, I saw him very clearly; he went across the water and up a little alley that goes the back way to his house, the water was about knee high; I then went and alarmed my master; I went to the prisoner's house and he was not at home; he was taken about half an hour after in Church-row, about a quarter of a mile off; my master asked him where he came from; he said he came from Brentford; my master asked him if he saw any body run by him; he said yes, two men, but he did not know who they were, he said he was looking after his son; upon that my master felt his legs and found him wet pretty near up to his knees; my master asked him how he came so wet, and he said getting out of the lug in the afternoon; he said she had a great deal of water in her.
Q. Was that true? - A. No; there was not more than an inch of water in the lug; the corn was in it at that time.
Court. Q.Was it light enough for you to know him? - A. Yes; I am sure he is the man.
Q. Where does this alley lead to? - A. Up to his house, and it leads into the town.
Q. What became of the oats? - A. They were dropped under the wharf.
Q. They were not taken out of the lug? - A. No; my master locked up the oats; they are in Court.
PHILLIS THOMAS sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I live two doors from the prisoner; I saw him go into his own house between ten and eleven o'clock at night of the 6th of August, he came out again, in five minutes at the outside, and in about ten minutes after Turton and Mr. Aslett came to look for him.
JAMES ASLETT, Jun. sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. This is the sack of oats that was upon the wharf the night before; it is my father's property, it had been removed about two yards.
Court. (To Turton). What was the man doing with the sack? - A. He had got it upon his back going to carry it away.
Prisoner's defence. I am innocent of the job; I was not the man that did the piece of business; I do not deny but I was by there looking after my son, but I know nothing of this business.
Court. (To Aslett.) Q. How long had he been in your service? - A. We employed him by the day, as we wanted him, we only had him occasionally.



               GUILTY
            , aged 56.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
