





287. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MITCHELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of March
, a silver saltcellar, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Blakeway
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  COGGER
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Blakeway, No. 37, in the Strand


; he keeps a glass shop
. On the 20th of March the prisoner came into the shop, under pretence of buying some articles; he asked for some glass cups with handles, they were shewed to him, he bargained for six, for which he was to pay four shillings and three pence; he pulled out his money which he had in a bag, he put the bag on a salt that was papered up.
Q. Could he see it was silver. - A. Yes, the legs appeared through the paper, and they were uppermost.
Q. Where was that salt. - A. On the outside of a glass case, which stood on the counter.
Q. Did he take his money out of the bag. - A. I saw the money in the bag, I believe, or I heard it; he said he would send his wife to pay for them with halfpence, he said he supposed it would make no difference, I told him no; I returned to my book, he put up the silver, and I supposed at that moment put the salt up with it; but I did not see him do it, and he went away. When he shut the shop door I was writing at the time; I turned round and saw the salt was gone from the situation in which it had been. I told 
               
                  George 
                  Ridley
               



             that the man had stole the salt, he followed him immediately; I was with him, we brought him back together.
Q. Did either of you take any thing from him. - A. No, we sent for an officer; the moment he came he searched him, we did not find our property on him.
Q. Did you ever see your salt again. - A. Yes, it was brought over by Ridley, I sent him to search the way the prisoner had gone.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. This person came in the shop to purchase some articles. - A. Yes.
Q. Which were put up for him. - A. Yes.
Q. He appeared to have money with him, to what amount you cannot say. - A. There might be five or six shillings.
Q. He said he would send his wife, and she should come with some halfpence to pay for them; the property was not found upon him. - A. No.
Court. Did he take the bag and money with him. - A. Yes, the constable found it on him.


                  GEORGE 
                  RIDLEY
               



            . Q. You live with Mr. Blakeway in the Strand. - A. Yes, I am porter to him. I was in the shop when the prisoner came in and asked for some handle glasses. I went up stairs into the ware-room, and brought some down; he asked Mr. Cogger the price of them, he said nine-pence each; he took the list from under the counter, he told him he should have them for eight-pence halfpenny each; he desired me to match six, I did, I asked him if I should do them up in a parcel for him, he said yes; I heard him ask Mr. Cogger if it made any difference if he paid him in halfpence, Mr. Cogger said no; then he went away from the shop.
Q. Had you seen him produce any bag. - A. I saw a bag, I did not see what was in it. I observed his hands over the counter where the salts was.
Q. Had you observed the salts at this time. - A. No, I did in the morning when I dusted the counter. When he went away, Cogger desired me to run after him; nearly as soon as he had shut the door I opened the door, I saw him he was crossing the road as fast as he could. I run after him, he is lame I believe, he hopped a little. I laid my hands upon him on the pavement, the other side of the way; he turned himself round close to the area rails of Mr. Bankes house; our shop is directly opposite Round court, in the Strand; Mr. Bankes is six or seven doors from Round-court.
Q. You saw him close to the railings, did you see him do any thing. - A. His back was close to the railings; Cogger came up directly, and he was taken back to the shop. The constable searched him, the salt was not found on him. Mr Cogger desired me to search in the direction he had gone; I did so, I found nothing. I knocked at Mr. Banke's door, I went in the kitchen, I opened the window. Mrs. Bankes lent me a candle, I found the salt at the bottom of the arae where he stood with his back. I brought the salt back and gave it to Mr. Cogger.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HINCKS
               



            . I am a constable of St. Martin's. I was sent for to Mr. Blakeway's shop; I searched the prisoner, I found a bag that had six shillings in it.
Q. Were you present when the last witness Ridley returned, after having went out. - A. Yes, he brought in the silver salt with him; that was given to Mr. Cogger the shopman, and it was given to me.
Q. Have you had it ever since. - A. No, I returned it to Ridley. Mr. Cogger gave it to me the first day of the session.
Cogger. The salt cellar has been in the custody of Mr. Blakeway in a drawer, no one goes to it but himself; that is the same salt cellar, we had it to put a glass lining to it.
(The property produced and identified)
Prisoner's Defence. On the 30th of March I was coming home from my work, I went into this shop, to buy some glasses; I said I would send my wife to pay for them with some halfpence; there were some more people that were in the shop that went out before me. The porter came over and said I must go back, and Mr. Cogger said I had stole something out of the shop; they took me into the shop and searched me, and could not find any thing on me.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
