





167. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     POLLARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of January
, a handkerchief, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Villaroy 
                     Russell
                  




               
            .


                  VILLAROY 
                  RUSSELL
               



             sworn. - On the evening of the 18th of last month I was walking up Fetter-lane


; the prisoner was standing up the gateway, leading to Symond's Inn; he accosted me by asking me if I wanted the White Horse inn, in Fetter-lane; he added, at the same time, if I did, it was as far as I could see on the same side of the way; I went on, and the prisoner followed me close, which induced me to have suspicion of him, and after having walked about thirty yards, I felt him drawing my handkerchief out of my pocket; in a moment afterwards the handkerchief struck me on my legs, it being a very large one; I turned round, and got hold of the prisoner, and he threw the handkerchief out of his hand to another man that was with him, and he went off with the handkerchief; I secured the prisoner till I sent for a constable.
Q. Had you said any thing to him about the White Horse? - A. No, he accosted me; I looked up the gateway, from that circumstance, I suppose.
Prisoner's defence. On the 18th of January, I was about thirty yards up Fetter-lane, making water at some inn that is just at the beginning ofFetter-lane, when the prosecutor came up to me; some man halloaed out, do you want the White Horse; sir, said I, the White Horse is as far as you can see on the same side of the way; the gentleman walked on, and I walked on about my business; he turned round, and said, you have picked my pocket; I said I had not done any such thing; some gentleman came out with a light, and I was taken to the watch-house.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
