





722. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BOWLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Rebecca 
                           Kerrison
                        




                     
                  , widow
, about the hour of five in the forenoon of the 17th of July
, no person being therein, and feloniously stealing three shifts, value 12s. four shirts, value 10s. three pair of stockings, value 3s. a gown, value 5s. and a linen sheet, value 8s.
             the property of the said Rebecca.
REBECCA KERRISON sworn. - I live at No. 4, in the New Road, behind Sloane-street


, and take in washing
: On Saturday, the 17th of July, a young man was to call for his things at five o'clock; I got up about ten minutes before five; while I was dressing myself, he knocked; I went down, and missed all the things; I let the young man in, and took down the shutters, upon which, the young man saw the prisoner in the adjoining garden, pushing back the lock of the gate; he ran out, and caught him coming out with a basket at his back, and a bundle containing the articles.


                  ELY 
                  CRANDELE
               



             sworn. - I went for my things, she let me in, and said she was robbed; when she pulled down the shutter, I saw a man in the adjoining garden, belonging to an empty house; I run down stairs, and caught him at the adjoining door, just going out; the bundle was about half a yard from his feet; I asked him what he had been doing; he said, nothing; I said, he had, and took him by the collar; I told the woman to hold him fast, for there was another man; I went and caught him, and just as I took him, the prisoner pulled out his knife, made use of ill expressions, and swore he would rip her open, if she did not let him go; I immediately loosed the other man, and took this into custody, with the things.
JONATHAN HILLIER sworn. - I am an officer, and took the prisoner into custody. (The things produced and identified.)
Prisoner's defence. I was going down the new road, and that young man told me the woman had been robbed; I said I knew nothing of it; then hetook me in, and asked me what I had in my basket; I said, they were welcome to look; then they took another man, but let him go, and I was taken to Bow-street.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
