





445. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Thomas
                        




                     
                  , between the hours of eight and nine in the evening of the 13th of May
, and burglariously stealing five yards of lace, value 3l. 3s.
             the property of the said Robert.


                  THOMAS 
                  WEATHERHEAD
               



             sworn. - I am assistant to Mr. Thomas, haberdasher
, No. 193, Fleet-street, the corner of Chancery-lane


: on Wednesday the 12th of May, about dusk, the shop window was broke.
Q. Was it dark? - A. The candles were lit.
Q. Could you discover the features of a person at the shop-door, without the assistance of any light? - A. Yes, there was an alarm given, that the window was broke, and some lace stolen; I immediately ran into the street, and saw Mr. Wells come in with a quantity of lace in his hand, andpointed out the prisoner as the boy who had done it; the prisoner was at that time in custody; I delivered the lace to the constable.
Q. Would you give three guineas for this lace? - A. Yes, it has Mr. Thomas's private mark upon it.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WELLS
               



             sworn. - I was passing the end of Chancery-lane, about five minutes after eight in the evening, and saw a lad, as I conceived, mending Mr. Thomas's window, I thought it was a glazier's servant; I passed him, and then it occurred to me that it was an extraordinary thing that he should be mending a window at that time of night; I turned my head again, and observed the prisoner at the bar drawing something throught a hole in the window, which turned out to be lace; he drew it through the window with both hands pretty rapid; I said, you young scoundrel, what are you doing? upon which he ran away; I ran after him, and a few yards beyond the end of Chancery-lane, he was taken by a person who is not here; I came back, took the lace up, and delivered it to the constable, the window that was broke was eight or ten yards up Chancery-lane; there was only a part of the lace out at the window, the card still remained in the window.

Q. 
            (To Weatherhead.) How far was this lace from the window? - A. A yard or more; the square of glass had been broke before, but had been made perfectly secure with putty; the glass was not broke, but the cracked part was shoved in a little way, so that they could get hold of the end of the lace.(
               
                  Alexander 
                  Auld
               



            , a constable produced the lace, which was identified by Mr. Thomas)
Prisoner's defence. I was sent by my mother of an errand to Tooley-street, and as I came through Temple-bar, there was a cry of stop thief; I saw a great many boys running; I ran with them, and then this gentleman said I was a thief, and took me back to the shop. GUILTY, aged 11.




               Of stealing goods, to the value of 39s. but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
