






157. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HALEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of December

 one hundred and ninety three pound weight of copper rivets, value 10 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Morgan
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Morgan
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HENSHAW
               



             for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            .
The case stated by Mr. Alley.


                  JOHN 
                  HARVEY
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. Tyler and son, tea urn manufacturers and brazers, No. 3, Cripplegate-buildings.
Q. Do you know either of the prisoner at the bar. - A. I know Mr. Henshaw by being a customer of my master's.
Q. On the 23d of December do you recollect his bringing any rivets to your master's house. - A. I saw one; he asked my master, the old gentleman, if such things would suit him my master made answer he could not say, his son was not at home; he said he would send a twopenny post letter the next morning if Mr. Henshaw liked. Mr. Henshaw said he would not give him the trouble as he was coming that way on the next day, he would call; Mr. Henshaw did call the next day about twelve o'clock, I believe.
Q. What past then. - A. I did not see; he went away, having left the rivets on the first day; on the second day the rivets were brought in the evening, by a soldier and Mr. Henshaw's apprentice, they were brought on a truck, I took them in: when I had put them in a back place in the yard, Mr. Griffiths and master came and took possession of them; and the soldier and Mr. Henshaw's apprentice were taken in custody.
Q.What quantity of rivets were there. - A. The bags and all weighed one hundred, three quarters, and nineteen pound.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . - Mr. Alley. Are you an apprentice to Mr. Henshaw. - A. Yes. I was sent with these rivets on the 24th of December, I took them from my master's No. 28, King-street, Tower Hill, to Mr. Tylers house in Cripplegate-building's.
Q. Did your master give you any directions when he gave you these rivets to carry. - A. He only told me to carry them to Mr. Tyler's.
Q. You brought them according to his direction and then you were taken in custody. - A. Yes; I remained in custody from that night till Saturday night.
Q. Who had your master them rivets from. - A. From Haley, the other prisoner; it was in the evening I carried them, and he had them of Haley on the same day between one and two o'clock.
Q. What o'clock was it you took them to Mr. Tyler's. - A. Between four and five o'clock. When the rivets were brought in I was sent for two bags to put them in; they were brought in baskets by Haley at twice; they were weighed in the bags.
WILLIAM HICKNEP. Q. You are a soldier. - A. Yes.
Q. Did Mr. Henshaw employ you along with this boy to carry the rivets on that day. - A. Yes; I took them to Mr. Tyler's house, I delivered them there, and there I was taken in custody.


                  ROBERT 
                  KEATES
               



            . Q. I believe you manage the business of the prosecutor. - A. I do. They are coppersmiths, their manufactory is in Whitechapel.
Q. What their names. - A. Francis and James Morgan.
Q. In their business do they use rivets. - A.They do; they are all marked W T; formerly the firm was Thwaites and Co. and all the tools that we had in the shop at that time had W T; it is impossible for a man to make a rivet with these tools without W T being stamped upon the rivet. We have lost a vast quantity of rivets and copper; these rivets are all wrought with the hammer; there is W T upon them all; I believe them to be the property of Messrs. Morgan.
JOHN GRIFFITHS. Q. You are an officer of Lambeth street office. - A. I am. On the 24th of December last, from information, I went to the house of Mr. Tyler with Mr. Keate, and about five in the evening I observed Mr. Henshaw's apprentice and the soldier in the warehouse of Mr. Tyler; I took both of them in custody, and put them in the compter. About seven o'clock the same evening I took Mr. Henshaw in custody; I took him into the back parlour, I told him I had taken in custody his apprentice, I had put him in the compter along with the soldier for delivering some copper rivets at Mr. Tylers, Cripplegate Buildings; I asked him if he had sent any with his apprentice and the soldier; he said he had, he wondered they stopped so long, he was going to send after them; I asked him who he bought them of, he said a man brought him a sample of them the day before, and he believed he was an Irish man, he was a dirty looking fellow in a smock frock; he saidthat he did not buy them on that day, he would not buy them except he could sell them again, he was to call on the next day for an answer; he went to Mr. Tyler's that evening to see if Mr. Tyler would purchase them; he saw old Mr. Tyler, he could not give him an answer except his son was at home, if he would call the next day he would give him an answer; he said he did call the next day on Mr. Tyler, and they agreed for him to send them in; that he was to give him thirteen pence a pound for them; he then returned home and sent his apprentice and the soldier with them.
Q. What business is Henshaw. - A. He sells allsorts of ironmongery. I asked him where this man lived that brought them, he said some where near Petticoat-lane, he could not justly say where; he said, he had been there at different times before; at first he could not recollect his name, then he said his name was Haley; I said I knew Haley very well; he said, he expected him in every minute for his money, he was to give him ten pence a pound for them; I took him to the magistrate, leaving my brother officer to wait for Haley; soon after I got to the officer my fellow officer brought Haley. Haley was put to the bar and asked where he got the rivets.
Q. Was what was said taken in writing. - A. I believe it was.
Mr. Const. From the information you received, no matter what it was, did not you find every thing he told you true. - A. Exactly so.


                  JOHN 
                  NOWLAND
               



            . - Mr. Alley. I believe you do not know any thing further. - A. I do not.
Mr. Gurney. Mr. Henshaw's mother pointed out Haley to you. - A. Yes, she did, she sent him into the room where I was; I told him as soon as he came into the room, I had a charge of felony against him concerning some stolen copper; I asked him if he knew any thing about bringing any copper to Mr. Henshaw's he said, he did; I asked him if he could account how he came by it; he said, he met a countryman driving a team in Whitechapel, he asked him if he wanted a job, he told him he would give him five shillings if he would carry these two parcels to Mr. Henshaw's, King-street, Tower Hill; I asked him if he knew the countryman's name, he said he did not know his name nor where he lived; he said he had come on purpose to receive the money and he meaned to keep the money till he saw the countryman in the street, and then he meant to return the money to him. In taking him along the street to the office he resisted a great deal, and tried to make his escape; I secured him, and conveyed him to the magistrate, and he was committed. (The examinations of the prisoners before the magistrate read.)
(The property produced and identified.)
Haley's Defence. I was employed to bring them from Whitechapel to Mr. Henshaw's. I have a great family.
Henshaw's Defence. I had not the least idea that these articles were stolen, or else I should not have offered them to so respectable a tradesman as Mr. Tyler. I lament that their religious principles prevents them from coming forward. They offered me thirteen pence a pound for the copper.
Haley called no witnesses to his character.
Henshaw called twenty one witnesses, who gave him a good character.
HALEY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 47.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HENSHAW, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
