





608. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Goodson
                        




                     
                  , no person being therein, about the hour of twelve at noon of the 23d of July
, and stealing a silver watch, value 20s. a metal seal, value 1d. a metal key, value one halfpenny, a pair of silver buckles, value 10s. and a silk handkerchief, value 5s.
             the property of the said Thomas.(The case was opened by Mr. Courthorpe.)


                  SARAH 
                  GOODSON
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of Thomas Goodson; I was not at home at the time the property was taken.


                  DAVID 
                  GEORGE DAVIS
               



             sworn. - I am a schoolmaster, No. 1. Crescent, Kingsland-road; there is only a party-wall that divides my premises from the prosecutor's; on the 23d of July, I saw the prisoner lurking about the gate; I watched a few minutes, and saw him coming out of the yard, and the prosecutor's little girl following him, crying and saying, what shall I do, the house is robbed, and my mammy will beat me; I followed him; two young gentlemen, my parlour boarders, got before him, and he turned back; I stopped him, and asked him if he had taken any thing from the cottage, he was in a violent passion and said, you had better let me go, and kept feeling in his breast pockets with great violence; I took him back into the school-yard, and made him sit down upon a stool; I then saw a watch in his great-coat pocket; I asked him to let me look at it, and he put it in his job; I saw G. S. at the back of it; in the scuffle his hat fell off, and I saw a silk handkerchief in the crown of his hat; I sent for an officer, and he was taken into custody.(Peter Mason, an officer, produced the property, which was identified by Mrs. Goodson.)
Prisoner's defence. I heard a cry of stop thief, a man dropped these things, and I picked them up.
GUILTY, aged 33.
Of 


               stealing goods to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Chamber.
