





71. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     HAGGERTY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               wilful and corrupt perjury
            .
The indictment was read by Mr. Arabin, and the case was stated by Mr. Watson.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLARK
               



            . Q. Have you got the record of the conviction of Sullivan and Fitzgerald - A. Yes. (The record read.)


                  JOHN 
                  LUDLOW
               



            . Q. Were you attending here in September sessions last - A. I was, sir.
Q. Were you present in court at the time that Sullivan and Fitzgerald were tried for the rape of Mrs. Walter - A. I was present.
Q. Look at the defendant, did he appear to give evidence on behalf of Sullivan and Fitzgerald - A. Yes; he is the same man; I swore him here in this court in the usual manner.
Q. What are you - A. I am an officer belonging to this court; I administered the oath to him.
JOB SIBLEY. Q. You are short hand writer to this court - A. Yes, sir.
Q. I believe you took down in shorthand the whole of the evidence on the trial of Sullivan and Fitzgerald for the rape of Mrs. Walter in September sessions last - A. I did. There are the original notes.
Q. Look at the defendant did he then appear to give evidence on behalf of Sullivan and Fitzgerald - A. He did; I recollect him perfectly well.
Q.Read to the court and jury the evidence that the defendant gave on the behalf of Sullivan and Fitzgerald - The evidence read.


                  MICHAEL 
                  HAGGERTY
               



            . I am a labourer at the East India docks.
Q. Do you know the prisoners, Sullivan and Fitzgerald - A. Yes.
Q. Were you in company with the last witness at the Green man last Saturday week - A. It was the Saturday before.
Q. In short you were in company with Neale - A. Yes. It was about eleven o'clock.
Q. When you went in did you see either of the men at the bar - A. No.
Q. Did they come in the room while you were there - A. Yes.
Q. Did any body come in with them - A. I did not see any body.
Q. Did you ever see them after they came in the room in company with any woman - A. No.
Q. You saw Sullivan and Fitzgerald there - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see them in company with any woman - A. There was a woman there before them.
Q. Did that woman join in company with Sullivan and Fitzgerald - A. Yes.
Q. Did you know that woman - A. No.
Q. Should you know her if you was to see her - A. I think if I was to see her I should know her. I saw that woman here (pointing to the prosecutrix) along with them.
Q. What did she do, did she sit down to drink with them - A. Yes.
Q. Did you keep your own company or did you join them - A. We kept our own company; we had a pint and a pot.
Q. Was Sullivan sober - A. No, he was very drunk; they all three were very drunk, the woman and the two men were very drunk.
Q. Did you hear any of their conversation - A. When we had drank the beer I advised Sullivan to go home along with me and Fitzgerald. Then she put her arm round Sullivan's neck and said he should not go, they would have another pot to drink.
Q. Did she say any thing else - A. No; when we went out we called Sullivan along with us, she called for another pot of beer; I left the house and do not know whether she had the beer or not.
Q. Neale and you went away together - A. Neale and me went away together; before we went away I saw Sullivan take out of his pocket three shillings and sixpence.
Q. Do you know what Sullivan took it out for - A. The woman told Sullivan to go home with her.
Q. Did she say for what purpose - A. To go home with her to sleep with her; she said so.
Q. Was he to give her the three shillings and sixpence for the purpose of sleeping with her - A. Yes; I heard her say this.
Q. Did Sullivan agree to this - A. Yes.
Q. Did you know that woman before - A. Yes.
Q. Did you know her name - A. I knowed her name.
Q. So you are quite sure as to her person - A. Yes.
Q.She was very drunk - A. She was, sir.
Mr. Knapp. You knew her name before, tell us her name now - A. Mrs. 
               Walter
             I believe they call her.
Q. Now you have told us all you know about this business, you are sure no woman came in with them - A. Yes; this woman did.
Q. Did the woman come in with them - A. Yes. There was a woman in the house before.
Q. But this woman came in with them - A. Yes.
Q. You are quite sure you cannot make any mistake that this woman came in with them - A. Yes.
Q. Then they drank together - A. Yes.
Q. She put her arm round his neck and said he should go home with her - A. Yes.
Q. They were all three very drunk, quite stupid - A. Yes.
Q. So drunk she could not walk - A. Oh, yes, she could, well.
Q. She could not speak - A. Yes, she could.
Q. Was she drunk - A. She had plenty.

Q. You had not known her before - A. Yes.
Q.Have not you been to Mrs. Walter and offered her seven guineas to stop the prosecution, now answer that upon your oath; have not you been to the prosecutrix's house and offered seven guineas to stop the prosecution - A. I was never inside of the house.
Q. Whether you were in the house or not have not you offered seven guineas to stop the prosecution -
COURT. Man, now mind what you say, you hear it - A.No, sir, I never did.
Mr. Knapp. Never at no place - A. No, sir.
Q. Nor any other sum - A. No.
Q. Did you never offer no sum of money at no place nor at any time - A. No.
Q. Who did you offer the money to - A. To no person.
Q. You never offered no money to any body at all to stop this prosecution - now stand up - upon your oath have not you offered her money to stop the prosecution - A. No.
Q. But however you are quite sure that they came in together - A. Yes.
Q.Who served the beer - A. The man of the house.
Q. Are you quite sure that the man of the house brought the beer - A. Upon my soul I am not quite sure whether it was a man or a woman. I saw beer upon the table.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WALTER
               



            . Q. You are the wife of whom - A. Of Thomas Walter.
Q.You are the same person as gave evidence here in September sessions last of being ill treated by Sullivan and Fitzgerald - A. The same.
Q. You were the then prosecutrix - A. I was.
Q. I would ask you whether on the 16th of September last you were at the Green Man public house, at Poplar, at all - A. Never. I have been there, but not on that day, nor on the night of the 16th of September.
Q. Was the 16th of September the day on which you were ill-treated by Sullivan and Fitzgerald - A. I believe it was the Saturday evening, but I do not know the day of the month.
Q. Did you at all see Sullivan and Fitzgerald at that public house on the Saturday - A. To my knowledge I never saw him in my life; I never saw him at that public house that night.
COURT. Did you ever see the prisoner at the bar at that public house in your life - A. Never in my life.
Q. About eleven o'clock on that night were you drunk or sober - A. I was as sober as I am now, and I had not so much as I have had to day; in the morning I drank part of a glass of gin, and part of a pot of beer; I was perfectly sober.
Q. During the course of the day, till at night you met with Sullivan and Fitzgerald had you been in company with Sullivan and Fitzgerald, or in a public house with them - A. No, not in company with them at all; I did not know them.
Mr. Watson. Now previous to the ill-treatment that you have sworn to did you ever put your arm round the neck of Sullivan - A. No; I never saw him either at the Green Man public house at Poplar; or any where else.
Q. Did you at any time receive any offer of money of three shillings and six-pence of him in any way whatever - A. No, not of Sullivan, nor any body else; I never had seen him before the ill-treatment, to my knowledge.
COURT. Had you received an offer of three shillings and sixpence from him to go home and lay with him - A. No.
Q. Did Sullivan take out three shillings and sixpence to give you - A. No; I never saw him.
Q. You never saw him at the Green man at Poplar or any where else till he ill-treated you - A. No; I never saw him till then.
Q.Did he ask to sleep with you - A. No.
Q. Did you advise Sullivan to have another pot of beer - A. No.
Mr. Watson. When did you see the prisoner after the ill-treatment you received - A. In my own house, on the Sunday morning next, after I received the ill-treatment on the Saturday evening.
Q. Did he say any thing to you, and what - A. He said he was very sorry to see I had been so ill-treated; he begged me to make it up, for a trifling sum of money would do me more good than going through the law; I told him I could do nothing in it. I would go to the magistrate; then he followed me up to Shadwell to Mrs. Jackson's, the public house, where we retired; he offered me six guineas, or some money; there were six guineas in it, and he would make another pound when I got home, or another guinea, I do not knew which, for me not to appear against Sullivan and Fitzgerald. They told me I was to go away and not to appear against Sullivan and Fitzgerald.
Q. Was any body present at the time this conversation took place - A. Yes, Mr. Vallas; he was present when Haggerty offered me this money.
Q. Did he offer you this money, or any other sum of money to stop the prosecution against Sullivan and Fitzgerald - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  SIDEYS
               



            . Q. On the 16th of September last did you keep the Green Man at Poplar - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know Mrs. Walter - A. I know her by sight.
Q. Was she at any time of the day or night on the 16th of September, at your public house - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. Were you at home about eleven o'clock that night - A. I was at home and in bed; my house was shut up before eleven o'clock.
Q. Was she at your house at eleven o'clock at night on the 16th of September - A. She was not.
Q. If she was there at that time must not you have seen her there - A Most assuredly; because I always take care and see every body out.
Q. Do you know any thing of two persons of the name of Sullivan and Fitzgerald - A. I knew Sullivan by name, and by sight, but Fitzgerald not by name, by sight I might.
Q. Was Mrs. Walter in your house in company with Sullivan and Fitzgerald at eleven o'clock at night - A. I saw neither of them.
COURT. Then this is not true that she and Sullivan and Fitzgerald were all very drunk at your house - A. I deny that; and that she put her arm round Sullivan's neck and said he should not go, and called for another pot, that is not true, because we shut up before eleven o'clock, and I had not to my knowledge seen them.
ELIZBETH SIDEYS. Q. You are the wife of JohnSideys that keeps the Green Man at Poplar - A. Yes.
Q. At eleven o'clock at night on the 16th of September was Mrs. Walter at your house - A. No.
Q. Were two persons, or either of them, of the name of Sullivan and Fitzgerald at your house that night - A. Not at that hour; they might be there in the night; I do not recollect seeing them; they were constant customers of mine.
Q. Did you see Mrs. Walter at your house - A. No.
Q.Were they all three very drunk at your house, Mr. Walters, Sullivan and Fitzgerald - A. No, neither of them at eleven o'clock; the house was shut, every body was out, and the family in bed.
JOHN VALLAS. I am a shop seller in Poplar.
Q. Do you know Mrs. Walter - A. Yes.
Q.Look at the prisoner, where you present at any time when the prisoner had any conversation with her - A. Yes; I was in a public house at Shadwell, kept by one Jackson, I was sitting in one of then back rooms; Mrs. Walter and Haggerty came into the same room; Mrs Walter sat down by the side of me; Haggerty held some money in his hand, he said he would give her provided she would make it up with Sullivan and Fitzgerald. It was on Monday the 18th of September.
Q.Did you observe what the money was - A. I saw some notes, and some gold on the notes; the prisoner, to the best of my knowledge, said it was to the amount of six guineas; and he would give her that and another after he got home, if she would make it up with Sullivan and Fitzgerald. The woman asked me what she had better do in it.
Q.Where was the woman going then - A.She was in waiting to go to the public office, Shadwell; Sullivan and Fitzgerald had not had their hearing then.
COURT. You are sure the prisoner is the man - A. Yes; I am confident he is the man. I was the officer who took Sullivan, along with others.
Q.When you took Sullivan was Mrs. Walter drunk or sober - A. She appeared to me to be sober; I cannot say whether she was drunk or sober.
ROBERT WEBSTER. I am an officer of the parish of Poplar.
Q.On the 16th of September do you know any thing of the apprehension of the persons of Sullivan and Fitzgerald - A. Yes; I took Fitzgerald to the watchhouse.
Q. How came you to take him up - A. I heard the shrieks of a woman.
Q. Did she come to the watchhouse - A. Yes; she followed us to the watchhouse with the rest of the others.
Q. Was she drunk or sober - A. She appeared to me to be sober.
Prisoner's Defence. My lord, and gentlemen of the jury, it is with sincere penitence and contrition I acknowledge myself guilty; I leave myself to the mercy of this honourable court, and pray it to use its usual clemency, begging your lordship to consider it was my zeal actuated me; and my attachment to my brother countrymen, urge me thereinto, and have only to submit it to your lordship in extenuation of my guilt. Before that period I never was in a court of justice, and I was unacquainted with reading and writing. I have a wife and two children, drove to the utmost distress, I pray your lordship to consider my wife and my family and to consider me an object of mercy, and should I experience your humanity the lenity shewn unto me shall ever impress me with the most grateful sensations, and deter me from offending the laws of my God, and my country. - Signed by the mark of 
               
                  Michael 
                  Haggerty X
               



            .



               GUILTY
            .





               Fined 1 s.
            




               Confined One Week in Newgate
            , and then to be 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
