





751. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     MORDECAI
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of August
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Angelo 
                           Majora
                        




                     
                  , 8 bank notes value 16 l. and 2 bank notes value 2 l. his property
            .


                  Angelo 
                  Majora
               



            . I am a seaman
, I live at No. 12, Wapping Dock Street. On the 26th of August last, I was in the Minories


, I came out of my captain's house. I had the notes in my pocket and my discharge. I had in my right hand jacket pocket 22 l. in Bank notes,
Q. Where did you get all this money - A. From my Captain for my voyage on board the Mary Ann. The notes were taken out of my pocket in the street, about 4 o'clock in the afternoon by the prisoner, there weretwo more with him, I felt the prisoner take them and I saw the money in his hand 
               
                  Augustus 
                  Fernandez
               



             was with me. When the prisoner had taken the money out of my pocket he began to run. I saw him hand the money to one of the others, I laid hold of the prisoner, he slipped his coat off and left it behind him, I ran after him and catched him again, I held him fast.
Q. For what sum were these bank notes - A. One a ten, an eight, a two and two ones.
Q. Did the man take the Captain's discharge as well as the notes - A. He did not that was at the bottom of the pocket, he took the notes. I took him, to the magistrate.


                  AUGUSTUS 
                  FERNANDEZ
               



            . I was with Majora on the 26th of August last, directly he came out of the Captain's house he put the notes in his pocket, three men came and this man, the prisoner put his hand in Majora's pocket and took them out, I saw him take them out, I am sure it was the prisoner he ran away immediately, and I ran after him.
Q. Did you see the prisoner do any thing with the notes - A. He had them in his hand he gave them to one of the other men. We took hold of him by the coat and he slipped his coat off. We took him after that, I am sure that is the man that took the notes out of Majora's pocket.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I am an officer, on Saturday the 26th of August, about half after four in the afternoon, I saw the prosecutor and the other man come up Lambeth Street, with the prisoner; I took the prisoner, and searched him, he was without a coat in his shirt sleeves, I found upon him four one pound notes.
Q. You did not find upon him the property that Majora said he had lost - A. No, they turned out to be his own property, I then took him before the magistrate and he was committed.
Prisoner's Defence. On the Saturday I was taken I was coming from Rag-fair going down the Minories towards Aldgate where I live, I saw that man crossing the road skipping, he ran down one of the turnings, I happened to run behind him another man came and laid hold of me and tore the jacket off my back, he called to the other that was running before me, they took me up to that gentleman.
The prisoner called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Wood.
