





505. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     PERRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 6th of June
, a cover of a tent bed, value 10 s. a counterpane, value 10 s. three pair of sheets, value 2 l. three pillow cases, value 3 s. seven towels, value 3 s. 6 d. a child's shift, value 1 s. and two child's coats, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Gage
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GAGE
               



            . Q. Where do you reside - A. My house is in the parish of St. Ann, Soho, Westminter


; the prisoner lived with me seven months, she was cook. On the 6th of June Mrs. Gage came to me and said that she saw something out of the corner of the maid's box, that looked like a table cloth; I went up into the garret and pulled out the table cloth; the box was in the maid's room; there was no other servant in the house at that time; the table cloth had my mark. I then went down to her, and told her I wished to see the inside of her box, as I had found a table cloth, I suspected she had other things; she said she would not permit me to look in the box without a search warrant. Immediately I went up to Marlborough street, it being Saturday evening the magistrate would not grant a search warrant; I came home, I ordered the porter to take the box out of the room and place them in the adjoining room; he did so. I got two padlocks and staples, and put them on this door to prevent any body going in. On Saturday evening I asked her to let me see the inside of her box; on Sunday morning I asked her the same.
Q. You did not let her go to the box - A. No. On Sunday evening I requested the same, she said no; - on Monday morning she said she would permit me to see the box. One of my young men and the prisoner went with me; she unlocked the large box. On the top there laid a pair of fine sheets, they are mine. I found there were more things in the box. I ordered him to put the locks on the door again; 
               
                  James 
                  Stone
               



             the constable, came about nine o'clock; the prisoner took herself off in the mean time. I and the constable searched her boxes, she left them open; we found all the articles mentioned in the indictment. This linen was left in the drawers for the use of the family. The constable found her in Tothil fields.


                  JAMES 
                  STONE
               



            . Q. You were present with Mr. Gage when you examined the two boxes - A. Yes; some was in one box and some in another; they were the prisoner's boxes, I took them from amongst her things.
Q. They were all things which Mr. Gage claimed to be his property - A. Yes. The prisoner was not there.
The property produced and identified.
Mr. Pooley to Gage. You keep a linen draper's shop in Lincoln's inn fields - have you any partner - A. None.
COURT. What is the value of one pair of sheets - A. Thirty shillings.
The prisoner left her defence to her counsel - called no witness to her character.
GUILTY, aged 22.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty nine shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Le Blanc.
