






327. 
               
                  
                     JACOB 
                     HUGHES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MANNERLEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of March
, seventeen yards and a half of woollen cloth, value 10l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Grobety
                  



               
            .
Second Count. Charging it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Yarbury
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Horier
                  



               
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  BENJAMIN 
                  GROBETY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I live in Swan-inn-yard, Snow-hill; the clothiers in the country send us up cloth to convey to their correspondents: On Friday, the 13th of March, there was a truss directed for Briggs and Levett, at Hull, that was to be sent to Custom-House-quay


, to a ship that was lying there, it contained one whole cloth and two ends.
Q. Did you open them? - A. No, I examined them by the outside appearance; I employed Mannerley to superintend the cart, and the packages that day; 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Webber
               



             was carman; I sent Robert Bird also as an assistant to Mannerly; the next day, I heard that there was some property found upon Hughes, in consequence of which, I went to Worship-street, and saw the goods; I then went on board the ship and saw the bale; I found a deficiency of one end of cloth.
Q. Had Hughes ever been in your service? - A. He had, but was not employed that day for me.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. This trust came from the country? - A. It did.
Q. You never open them? - A. Sometimes I do.
Q. Did you open this? - A. No.
Q. Is the manufacturer here? - A. No.
Q. Do you mean to say, though you never opened them, that from the outside appearance, you found a deficiency? - A. I do mean to say so.


                  ROBERT 
                  BIRD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am servant to Mr. Grobety: On the 13th of March, I accompanied the cart with Mannerley to the bottom of the Minories, where we stopped at the Camel, it was all safe then.
Q. Did you know Hughes? - A. Yes, I knew him by working with him in the yard.
Q. What became of Webber, the carman? - A. He went to the Bull, in Bishopsgate-street, with two small trusses, by Mannerly's direction, Webber was to come back to us at the Camel; while we were taking out a trust, at Mr. Parker's in the Minories, Hughes came up to us with a dozen of small children's chairs; I was in the body of the cart, and Mannerley desired me to get out of the cart, and go to the Camel in the Minories, and get a pot of beer, till he came to me with the cart; I went there and waited for him, leaving Hughes with him; Mannerley and Hughes went with the cart down Tower-hill, I lost sight of the cart at the lower part of Tower-hill, in the way to Wapping; Hughes was with Mannerley when I lost sight of them; Mannerley asked Hughes to go with him, and he agreed to go with him; in about an hour the cart returned to me and Webber, at the Camel; Mannerley came back with the cart, but Hughes did not; we went from the Camel to Mark-lane, and there 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Mannerley
               



             took the truss out of the cart, upon his back, and carried it to Custom-house quay.
Q. Had you observed that truss when it was first put into the cart? - A. I had.
Q. Was it in the same condition when he took it out of the cart, at Mark-lane? - A. No, it was not; it seemed loose when he took it on his back, it was tightly packed when he took it in first.
Q. How soon did you learn that Hughes was taken up? - A. I cannot say, I mentioned it to Mr. Grobety, and then Hughes was taken up.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. The Camel, in the Minories, is in the City of London, is it not? - A. It is at the bottom of the Minories.
Q. Did you deliver other goods before you got there? - A. Yes, at the Red-lion in Aldersgate-street.
Q. That is in the City? - A. Yes.
Q. Any where else? - A. Yes; the Castle and Falcon, and the Bull-and-mouth.
Q. They are in the city? - A. Yes.
Q. Any where else? - A. The Castle, in Wood-street.
Q. That is in the City too? - A. Yes.
Q. Any where else? - A. The White-horse, Cripplegate.
Q. Any where else? - A. Several other places.
Q. All in the city of London? - A. Most of them.
Q. The first time you saw Hughes was in the Minories? - A. Yes.
Q. And you had delivered a quantity of goods in Aldersgate-street, and different places? - A. Yes.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Could the truss have been taken out of the cart, so as to take out one piece at any of those places? - A. No.
Q. You lost sight of the cart, when it was going across Tower-hill? - A. Yes.
Mr. Knapp Q. Do you mean to say, that you were always with the cart, from the time that this unlading took place? - A. Yes, I never left it till we came to the Camel.



                  GEORGE 
                  OLIVER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am an Excise-officer; on Friday the 13th of March, about eight o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner, 
               
                  Jacob 
                  Hughes
               



            , take a parcel from a coach, to the end of Fleet-market; he crossed the way, and in consequence of suspicion, I followed him to a public-house, in Charter-house-street; Mr. Middleton was with me; I went into the public-house, and asked him what he had in that parcel, he said, he did not know; I told him, I was an officer, and I must see; I opened the parcel, and found it to be superfine cloth, it was tied up in a coarse apron, like a porter's apron; I asked him where he got it from, he said, from Rotherhithe; I asked him if he was not tired, having had a long walk, he said he had; I said, how came you to tell such stories, for I saw you take the parcel from a coach, at the end of Fleet-market; I told him he seemed in liquor, and I would go with him to where the parcel was directed, in order to protect the property; there was a direction upon it, to Mr. Willis, No. 18, Seward-street, Goswell-street; I went with the prisoner there, and asked for Mr. Willis; Mr. Willis was sitting in the parlour, and said, I am Mr. Willis; I said, do you expect a parcel from the country, he said, no; Hughes then brought in the parcel, and said, it was directed for him, and he should leave it; I told him, if I could find no owner, I should give charge of him to a Peace-officer; accordingly, I delivered him and the parcel to 
               Moore
             the constable.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Then he had the appearance of a porter? - A. Yes.
Q. And you are quite sure you are right in the direction to Seward-street? - A. Yes.
Q. Where you met Hughes then, was in the City of London? - A. Yes.
Q. Charterhouse-lane, in point of fact, would be in his way to Goswell-street? - A. Certainly.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MOORE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a constable; I took charge of the prisoner with a parcel; I asked him what he had got in the bundle, he said, he did not know; I told him, I would not detain him, if he gave a proper account of himself, he said, he had brought it from Rotherhithe; I asked him from what shop, and who gave it to him, and he said, he did not know who gave it him, it was a strange man in the street; I asked him what he had to bring it to town, he said, one shilling; I found the cloth in a doubled up state, in such a way as I thought no man who belonged to it would have doubled it up. (Produces the cloth.)
Mr. Knapp. Q. He was very drunk, was not he? - A. He was drunk apparently.


                  JAMES 
                  VELVIN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am clerk to 
               
                  John 
                  Yarbury
               



            , junior, and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Horier
               



            , clothier

s, at Bradford, in Wiltshire; I sent a package to Mr. Grobety, containing one piece and four ends.
Q. Look at that, and see if that is part of the cloth that you sent? - A. I cannot say, I am not the dresser.
- GARDINER sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a cloth-dresser, employed by Messrs. Yarbury and Horier.
Q. Look at that piece of cloth, and tell me if you know it? - A. I can swear to this cloth by the number and the mark, here is the mark in the list, that I cut with a knife.
Q. Look and see if the manufacturing mark has been cut off? - A. Yes, it has; there was one place where there was the wool rubbed off, and my employer ordered me to take a bit from another part, and apply it to the rubbed part, which I did, and by that I can swear to it.
Q. (To Grobety). Q. Did you receive a letter, containing an account of the numbers of the different pieces? - A. Yes.
Q. Shew it to the last witness, Mr. Velvin? - A. Here is the invoice which I received with the goods.
Veloin. Q. This letter is my writing, but it only says, one piece and four ends, the number is not in the invoice.
The prisoner Hughes left his defence to his counsel.
Mannerley's defence. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Bird
               



             has taken a very false oath.
The prisoner Hughes called one, and Mannerley three witnesses, who gave them a good character.
Hughes, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 39.
Mannerley, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 
40.





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Lord Kenyon.
