





234. 
               
                  DANIEL 
                  M'ALENAN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of November
, a silver butter-boat, value 30s. and a table-spoon, value 16s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Ibbetson
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
CHRISTOPHER IBBETSON sworn. - I live at the George and Blue-boar, Holborn


: On Sunday the 29th of November, I was robbed, but did not see the prisoner; I have not seen the property since.


                  FRANCIS 
                  MOODY
               



             sworn. - I am waiter at the George and Blue-boar, and know the prisoner; he came out of the yard into the coffee-room, on the 29th of November, about five o'clock in the afternoon, and ordered some smelts and flounders for dinner, which were got ready, the butter was taken to him in a silver butter-boat; he asked twice for a table-spoon, which raised a suspicion, as I thought he had no need of a spoon, having no gravy; however, I got him one, and staid by for some time, watching him; having occasion to go out, I left him eating his dinner, but watched thepassage to see that no one left the coffee-room; when I returned with what I went for, the prisoner was going out of the door into the street, and seemed much confused; a gentleman in the room, said, that man has run away with something; I missed the things, and pursued him into the street, but could not see him; I next saw him at the Police-Office.
Prisoner. Q. Do you recollect to have ever seen me before that evening? - A. Not that I recollect.
Q. Are you positive I am the person? - A. I am.
Q. Did you not say before the Magistrate that you were not? - A. No.
Q. Was there any person who went into the room from the time I ordered the dinner, as you say, till I went away? - A. No.
Q. You say you met me - did you miss the things before you met me? - A. No.
Q. Did you see any thing on me? - A. No.
Prisoner's defence. I am sorry to say, that the gentleman I was in company with on the 29th of November, from one o'clock to seven, is ill, and cannot come, or I could satisfy you I am not the person; he lives at No. 15, Prince's-street, Prince's-square, St. George's in the East.
GUILTY, aged 20.




               Of stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
