






192. 
               
                  
                     SOLOMON 
                     ALDER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     KINCH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 23d of January
, nine gross of whip sticks, value 50 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Pichford
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Nokes
                  



               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Alley.


                  SAMUEL 
                  NOKES
               



            . I live at No. 10, Marylebone lane; I am a whip maker

, in partnership with 
               
                  Francis 
                  Pichford
               



            .
Q. Do you use a vast quantity of sticks in your business - A. Yes, for whip sticks, On Saturday the 21st of January I went to the warehouse in Globe yard, South Molton street


; I had a quantity of sticks there at that time, they were safe there that afternoon.
Q. In consequence of any thing that you heard did you go there on the Monday following - A. I did; I found the staple was broken and the property was taken away; I thought there was about the value of fifty pounds worth of sticks taken.
Q. Had you at any time bought of the prisoner any sticks - A. Yes, the last purchase was 15 l. 12 s. it was the week before Christmas; they carried them to the warehouse and deposed them there. On the 23d of January I went to Mr. Griffiths to make enquiry; both the prisoners came there while I was there.
Q. Did you see any sticks there - A. I did; I claimedthem as my property.
COURT. Did they come with sticks or without sticks - A. They were there and the sticks were there, and afterwards the prisoners came to receive the money; I saw some sticks in Mr. Griffith's possession, which I knew to be my property.


                  CHARLES 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I live in Holborn, I am a whipmaker. On Monday morning the 23d of January, the prisoners came to my house and offered a quantity of sticks; when I came down I found them in the back premises; one of the men (Ward) was looking over them; the foreman came into the shop out of the counting house, and said a man was enquiring to know whether any sticks were brought to my house; the prisoners were there waiting for the money.
The property produced and identified.
Alder's Defence. I buy this stuff of the woodmen and farmers in the country.
Kinch's Defence. We deal in this kind of stuff all the winter. We bought them of a man in a long brown coat, just by the Green Man and Still.
ALDER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.
KINCH, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 40.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
