





120. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     ROYD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th of December
, five dozen of tan sheep skins, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Arthur 
                     Aston
                  




               
            .


                  ARTHUR 
                  ASTON
               



            . I am a leather seller
, I live in Bread street, Cheapside; I gave the five dozen of tanned sheep skins into the charge of my porter on the 9th of December; he was to deliver them to a carrier at the George, Snowhill.
Q. What time was it you delivered them - A. Between four and five; he returned about six, saying his bundle was lost.


                  JAMES 
                  SLADE
               



            . Q. Are you the porter - A. Yes; I was sent with a load of goods in the cart to deliver at different inns on the 9th of December. I came to the Bull and Mouth inn, I had two parcels to deliverthere; I stopped there, and I carried them out of the cart into the warehouse, and when I came back to the cart again I found this bundle of leather missing; a man asked if I had lost any thing; I said yes, a bundle of leather; he said a man had gone along Bull and Mouth street


 with a bundle of leather. Bishop, the carman, and the man, went in pursuit of the man; they did not find him.


                  EDWARD 
                  PORTER
               



            . I am a watchman. On Friday evening, the 9th of December, about ten o'clock, coming up Red cross street, I met the prisoner; he was standing with a bundle of leather between his belly and the wall.
Q. I suppose you were passing by - A. Yes; I made a full stop to look at him; he asked me to help him up with it; I did, and went on, and the prisoner went on; I suspected he did not come honestly by it. I went to the watchhouse and called Mr. Hedger; Mr. Hedger and I went after him up Paul's alley; in a court in Paul's alley, heard something fall, then I laid hold of the prisoner and called Mr. Hedger; Mr. Hedger knocked at a door and got a light; he found the leather about three or four feet off him; then we conveyed him to the watchhouse; I asked him where the leather was; he said he knew nothing of the leather.
Q. Was he the same man that you helped up with the leather - A. Yes; I am sure of that.
Q. You had passed Paul's alley for the purpose of getting Hedger - A. Yes, and when Hedger and I came from the watchhouse, he went up Paul's alley; it is a thoroughfare; there I met him; I stopped him when I heard the bundle fall.


                  THOMAS 
                  HEDGER
               



            . I was ward beadle at the time; setting the watch near ten o'clock, Porter came and gave me information; in consequence of that I went down Paul's alley with Porter; the night was very dark, I overshot Porter; Porter turned into Jackson's court, and said I have got the man; I then laid hold of the man by the collar, took him three feet back and knocked at a door for a light; we accused him of having the leather; he said he knew nothing about it; and in looking about four feet from the man, in one corner, there was the leather; we then took the leather and the man to the watchhouse and searched him; we found nothing but a knife, a pocket handkerchief, a seven shilling piece and half a guinea.
Q. Were there any body else in either of these alleys - A. No, nobody but me, Porter and the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  PUGH
               



            . I was constable of the night. I asked him how he came by the leather; he said he knew nothing at all of it; I observed the tan of the leather on the shoulder of his coat, it was very visible then; I took him the next day to Guildhall; I opened the parcel, we found the bill of parcels where it was going; there we saw Mr. Aston's name; he appeared the next day at Guildhall, and identified the property.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
