





165. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     GEARY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of January
, twelve pair of stockings, value 1 l. 19 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Flint
                  




               
            .
(The case stated by Mr. Gurney.)


                  THOMAS 
                  SWANN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. I believe you are clerk to Mr. Flint? A. Yes; No. 47, Gracechurch-street


, he is a haberdasher and hosier
: The prisoner was a porter, and cleaned the horse and chaise
; on the 18th of January, I went to the stable and called Richard, whom I understood was in the stable; I went nearer to the door of the stable, and called him again, he did not answer me, and when I came close to the door, he pulled it to, to prevent me from coming in; I then called to another man that was at a little distance to bring me a light, it was between six and seven o'clock in the evening, and as the light came, I saw the prisoner going up the ladder that leads from the stable into the loft; I went into the stable, and as he was going up this ladder I perceived something drop from him, white, down from his left side, I picked it up; it turned out to be one pair of white stockings there, and three pair at a little distance from it, close by the side of the ladder; when he came down again, I asked him how the stockings came there; he denied knowing any thing of them; I took the stockings home, and left them in the warehouse up stairs, and then I went and searched the loft, and there I found eight pair of stockings, and a white handkerchief close by them; I examined them, they were all of the same description: men's super ribbed white cotton stockings, they exactly appear to be all one dozen precisely as we have them from the manufactory; he was given in charge of the officer, and taken away.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. This stable, in which these articles were found, all the servants had access to? - A. Yes; they all went there.
Q. The gardener had access to this stable as well as the other servants; I do not mean to implicate the gardener at all? - A. He had.
Q. No light in the stable? - A. There was light sufficient for me to see the stockings fall as he went up the ladder.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOODLEY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You found Mr. Swann in thestable at the time you got up the ladder? - A. I was at the sill of the door; I saw it fall from his left side, and I saw the loft searched afterwards, and eight pair of stockings found.


                  JOHN 
                  STRATTON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. I believe you are gardener to Mr. Flint? - A. Yes; I came to town from Mr. Flint's country house on the 18th of January, and at eleven o'clock I put up my horse at that stable.
Q. Did you go into the hay-loft? - A. I did not go into the loft that day, there was hay in the rack.
Q. Did you see any stockings lie in the stable when you were there? - A. No such thing there then; when I came out, I locked the stable door and took the key and hung it up in the warehouse, and there I left it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SAMUEL
               



             sworn. - I am an officer; the prisoner was given me in charge, and the stockings likewise. (The stockings produced, and identified by 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Swann
               



            .)
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing of the stockings; Mr. Flint is the first master that I served in this country; I came from Ireland.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
