





737. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     LAZARUS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of August
, four handkerchiefs, value 13s. and a napkin, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Coe
                     



                   and 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Brown
                        



                     
                  , privately in their shop
            .


                  JAMES 
                  COE
               



             sworn. - I am a linen draper

; in August last I was in partnership with 
               
                  James 
                  Brown
               



            , No. 419, Oxford-street


; I was from home at the time the property was taken.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Had Mr. Brown, in August last, an interest in the profits and loss of the business? - A. No.
Q. Did you enter into articles of partnership? - A. Yes.
Q. Are those articles cancelled? - A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COE
               



             sworn. - I am shopman to my brother: On the 20th of August, about eleven o'clock at noon, I had occasion to go out of the shop into the back room; while I was there, I heard a foct come into the shop; I immediately went, and the prisoner seemed very much confused, as if he had put something in his pocket, but that I did not see; he immediately asked me if we sold ferret; I told him we did not; he then went out of the shop, and I missed the four handkerchiefs off the counter; I immediately went after him, tapped him on the shoulder, and said, young fellow, I think you have got something; he said, no, he had not, he should go back with me, and I should search him; he came back with me then, and wanted me to search him, but I refused; he then pulled a cotton towel out of his pocket, and threw it down by the side of a horse that we hang things on; a lad in the street hearing me say something, followed him back to the door, and stood at the door; he pointed out to me the cotton towel, toshew me what he had thrown away, upon which I turned round, and picked it up; while I was doing that, the four handkerchiefs that I had missed were placed upon the counter: then I sent for an officer, and he was taken before the Magistrate; I am sure they were all my brother's property, they laid upon the counter when he came in.
Q. When you went out of the shop, did you leave any body in it? - A. No, I did not.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. When you say that the handkerchiefs were put upon the counter, was the prisoner near enough to reach them with his hand? - A. No, he was not.


                  ROBERT 
                  SANDERSON
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Jackson; as I was coming down Oxford-street, I saw the prisoner come out of the shop, and a young man after him; the young man laid of his coat, looked under it, and said something; he then took him back, and when he got back to the shop, I saw the prisoner put his hand to his coat pocket, pull out a towel, and throw it on the ground; I then beckoned the young man, and pointed to the towel.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PICKERING
               



             sworn. - I am a gaoler, at Bow-street, attending the different county gaols; I heard that a man was stopped in Oxford-road; I went to the shop, and had this property delivered into my hand, (produces it).
Cole. These are my handkerchiefs and napkin.
Prisoner's defence. What I am here for, I am as innocent as the child unborn.
Mr. Alley. Q. Will you undertake to swear that this is the property of Mr. Brown, as well as yourself? - A. He is entitled to pay the debts up to this time.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character. GUILTY,
Of 


               stealing goods, value 4s. 9d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
