





485. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     LAWRENCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 29th of June
, a silver watch, value 4 l. and a seal, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           M'Kenzie
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  M'KENZIE
               



            . I am a shoe maker
, I live in Eagle court, Swallow-street. On the 29th of June, past three o'clock, I was going along Piccadilly


, when sir 
               
                  Francis 
                  Burdet
               



             was passing; there was a great crowd; the prisoner pressed on me very hard, he was just before me.
Q. Some persons pressed behind. - A. Yes; I cannot say who was behind, but I took particular notice of him; that was before. I heard him call some man's name; then I clapped my hand on my watch pocket. my watch was gone; I took hold of the prisoner, and I immediately stooped down to get hold of his left hand; I suspected the watch was in it; he held it down, and I heard the watch drop; I looked on the ground, and took it up; I still kept hold of the same man and called out for assistance; I was assisted; and he said I confess it, let me go; I would not let him go, I said he was a low mean fellow, that would be guilty of such an action, and so young a man; I kept the watch and him, and I gave him into the custody of one of the Marlborough-street officers. I did not see the watch drop from his hand, I only heard it.
Q. He pressed upon you so much that you had a great suspicion of him. - A. No, I had no suspicion of him till I heard him call a man.
Q. After you heard him call a man, you had a suspicion, you put your hand down, you missed your watch. A. Yes.


                  DANIEL 
                  FLYNN
               



            . Last Monday was a week I was in Piccadilly to see sir Francis Burdet chaired; I stood by the crowd; there was a scuffle between the prosecutor and the prisoner, one laid hold of the other, and the prosecutor said you have robbed me; he said I have not, the prosecutor said you have; one stooped down, and said here is the watch, you threw my watch on the ground. I put my hand against the prisoner, and shoved him out of the mob. I am sure he is the man.
(The property produced and identified.)
Jury. (to Flynn) Did you hear the prisoner say, I confess it, let me go. - A. Yes.
Prisoner's Defence. When I was in Picadilly, on the afternoon that sir 
               
                  Francis 
                  Burdet
               



             was chaired, this man was very much in liquor, he was with four or five of his countrymen; he said he had lost his watch, he said he believed I was the man; I said I am very willing to go with you, he said he thought it was me, but he was not sure, he let me go three times; he said he did not know the number of the watch, and it was tied with a black ribbon.
Q. (to Flynn) Was the prosecutor in liquor. - A. He was very sober.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
