





121. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TRASS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 10th of December
, thirty pounds weight of lead, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Broad
                        




                     
                  , affixed to his dwelling house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SLEEP
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Broad, in Devol's lane, leading out of Islington


.
Q. On the night of the 9th of December were the water spout and the lead work of the house safe - A. Yes, between seven and eight in the evening.
Q. On the morning of the 10th did you observe any part of the water spout gone - A. Yes. I saw part of the lead in a field.


                  JOHN 
                  SHILLINGFORD
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Laycock, he is a cow keeper and farmer. On the 10th of last month, about two in the morning, I and my fellow servant met the prisoner in a field called Eleven Acre, belonging to Mr. Laycock, in a field where there were sheep. We have lost a great many sheep.
Q. How far is that from Mr. Broad's - A. About a quarter of a mile; I was about thirty yards from him, I called out who is there; he said a gentleman; I said gentle or simple, I shall see who you are; I said where are you going, my friend; he said to Hornsey; I said that is not the way to Hornsey, he said he had lost his way: I said it is very odd you should come into this field among the sheep. There was no foot path in the field, only a dirty way where our carts were kept. He said he wanted to go by Ball's pond to miss the watchmen. I took him in custody and took him to Mr. Laycock.
Q. Is the road near the field - A. Yes, within a field. He begged us not to take him to Mr. Laycock, he said he would give us a guinea, or twenty pound, sooner than we should take him to the watchhouse, or to Mr. Laycock's, he said he was a very troublesome severe man, he said if he had known that we should have taken him he would have given us a run for it; I told him if he went nigh a hedge, we should have sent something in him that he was not aware of.
Q. How near was he from the hedge at the time you stopped him - A. Twenty five yards from the ditch, and three or four yards from a pond. I found the lead by the cart track.
Q. When was it you found the lead - A. It was day light when we found the lead; it was some pipe lead and some ridge lead; Mr. Broad saw the lead. We found some lead in a bag.


                  JOHN 
                  BUMPSTEAD
               



            . I was employed by Mr. Broad to put up this lead spout on the the 2nd or 3rd of December. On Saturday the 10th the lead had been taken away; on Sunday morning following I went to the house; I saw it was gone on the 11th; I saw it at the magistrates; I put it up myself, I made it myself; it is the same lead.
Q. What is it worth - A. Ten or twelve shillings.
Q. to Mr. Broad. In what parish is your house - A. In the parish of St. Mary, Islington.
Prisoner's Defence. I am a jobbing gardener
, I do a deal of new work at Holloway; that day, having no employment, I went out to seek work; I am not in the habit of drinking much, that day I had drank a pint too much. I live at Lower street, Islington; I was in Devol's lane; there is a path to Mr. Laycock's field; in the second field I was stopped by these two men; they asked me what I was; I said a gentleman; I did not know I was in Mr. Laycock's field; they said they would take me to Mr. Laycock: I said I hope not; they said they must, they had lost a great many sheep. I went with them to Mr. Laycock, they called him; he said take him to the watchhouse; they took me to the watchhouse and made a charge of sheep stealing.On that day I went out and drank more than usual; it was my nighest way home.



               GUILTY
            , aged 46.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
