





303. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SAUNDERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of January
, a leg of mutton, value 8s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Fleetwood
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  FLEETWOOD
               



             sworn. - I keep a public-house
 in Belton-street, Long-acre


: The prisoner came to my house on the 29th of January, and went backwards, and had a pint of twopenny; there was nobody backwards but him and his wife; they staid there near upon an hour; after they were gone, I missed a leg of mutton out of the cupboard; this was between five and six o'clock; I sent an information to Bow-street, and the officers found the leg of mutton according to the information.
Q. Did you know where the prisoner lived? - A. Yes, at the Black Dog, in St. Giles's; it was not found there, but at a butcher's in St. Giles's.
Prisoner. Q. Were you at home when the leg of mutton was stolen? - A. Yes.
Q.Did you see me take it? - A. No.


                  GEORGE 
                  RUSSELL
               



             sworn. - I am a butcher; I sold the leg of mutton to Mr. Fleetwood; the bone was saved, and taken to Bow-street; I saw it there on the 31st of January; I have no doubt it was the same I sold to Fleetwood; I sawed the bone about half through, and then broke it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HUNT
               



             sworn. - I am a butcher, at No. 41, Broad-street, St. Giles's: On Saturday evening, the 29th of January, the prisoner brought a leg of mutton to me, and asked to leave it in my shop; knowing him, I said he might; about an hour after, the officers came, and found it on a block; one of the officers asked me if I would fell it him; I said, I could not, because it was not mine; they asked whose it was, I said it was left by a friend; they asked who it was; I said 
               
                  Bill 
                  Saunders
               



            ; he said he should take it away, and he did; it was in a cloth.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLACKMAN
               



             sworn. - I am a patrol of Bow-street: On the 29th of January I had an information that Mr. Fleetwood had been robbed of a leg of mutton, and that it was at Mr. Hunt's; I went in, and said, you have a nice leg of mutton here, will you sell it? he said, no, it was a friend's; I asked him, who; he said, Bill Saunders; and I took it. - (The bone produced.)
Russell. I have no doubt that this is the bone of the leg of mutton I sold Mr. Fleetwood.
Prisoner's defence. On Saturday evening I was going to the Seven Dials; I met a hawking butcher in St. Giles's; he asked me, what sort of trade have you had; I said, very bad; he said he had a good leg and shoulder of mutton; I asked him what he would have for the leg; he said, nine shillings; I bought it of him for eight shillings; I took it home; my wife was out, and I went and left it at Mr. Hunt's.
Q.(To Russell.) What is the prisoner? - A. A hawking butcher; a man of a very bad character.
Prisoner. Q. Did not I always pay you for what I had? - A. I took care of that; he has been had to Bow-street for stealing sheep.
Prisoner. I have been at Bow-street, but never stole a sheep in my life.
The prisoner called Mr. Hunt, who gave him the same character as Russell. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 52.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
