





695. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     LEDGER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of October
, five shirts value 20 s. six cravats, value 6 s. and a pair of pantaloons
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Kinsent
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  KINSENT
               



             sworn. - I live in Greville-street, Hatton-garden


: On Monday the 21st of October, the prisoner came to live with me as servant
.
Q. Had you a character with her? - A. She was recommended to me as a sober, honest, unmarried woman, by a person I knew; I had not a character with her from the person she lived with last. On the following Thursday I received some information from my nursery-maid, 
               
                  Cecilia 
                  West
               



            , that she was going out without my leave; I stopped her as she was going out.
Q. Was she to have asked your leave always when she went out of your house? - A. Mostly, in general they do. I asked her where she was going to, she told me she was going to see a friend; I asked her what friend, she said that was nothing to me; after a good deal of conversation, I told her she had property about her that belonged to me; her pockets appeared to me to be very much loaded, that was the reason that I told her so; it was not only an observation from my eyes, but I felt them; I told her she should not go out of the house till I was satisfied what it was; she was rather insolent on the occasion, and I threatened to send for an officer; she told me I might, and if I sent for a proper person, he might search her pockets.
Q. Did she offer to shew you what was in her pockets? - A. No; she then went down into the back kitchen; I told my nursery-maid to follow her, she did so, which led to the detection; in the course of a minute or two I went into the kitchen, and the nursery-maid shewed me the property, two shirts, and a pair of pantaloons of my son's, who is about fifteen.
Q. Where were these shirts when your nursery-maid shewed them you? - A. In a very dirty drawer where they put sand; I always kept them in my drawers in my chamber.
Q. Can you say when you had seen them there before? - A. On the Sunday before.
Q. Did you keep these drawers locked? - A. No, they were not locked. I have since found a shirt pledged at the pawnbroker's for 4 s. I knew it to be my husband's shirt; I had her taken into custody, and the things were delivered to an officer.


                  CECILIA 
                  WEST
               



             sworn. - Q. You are the nursery-maid of Mrs. Kinsent? - A. Yes; on Thursday I met the prisoner on the stairs, I was going up, and from her appearance I followed her down, I had suspicions as she passed me, seeing her pockets loaded, I went and informed my mistress; Mrs. Kinsent was in the parlour.
Q. Which way was the prisoner then going? - A. Going down into the kitchen; my mistress called her up into the passage.
Q. You followed her into the kitchen? - A. I did; I then came up and informed my mistress.
Q. You had suspicion from the observation of her pocket being loaded? - A. Yes; I knew no more than her pocket appeared to be very much loaded; my mistress detained her in the passage, and after a good deal of conversation, my mistress told her she had something more about her than belonged to her, that she should not go out of the house till she was satisfied; and when my mistress talked of sending for a constable, she went down stairs; I followed her by my mistress's desire; on her going into the back kitchen, she went behind the door, I saw her take something from under her gown, what it was I cannot say; from there she went to a dresser, I heard her open and shut one of the drawers; I went to the drawer immediately, the prisoner was then leaning over the drawer, it was shut, and I opened it; she said there was nothing there; I found two shirts, and a pair of pantaloons, this was in the back kitchen; my mistress was in the front kitchen at the same time, I took them to my mistress, I told her I believed that to be the property she had about her, and that the prisoner had put them there; my mistress looked at them, I know no further; it was a drawer where there was nothing but sand kept.

Q. 
            (To Prosecutrix). These two shirts, andthe pantaloons were kept in your drawers, in your chamber? - A. Yes; I have missed several other articles since.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEWITT
               



             sworn. - I am apprentice to Mr. Armstrong, pawnbroker, in Baldwin's-gardens. I produce a shirt pledged by the prisoner at the bar, on the 23d of October; I lent her 4 s. on it, she said she brought it for herself.
WILLIAM CHAPMAN sworn. - I am an officer of Hatton-garden; I received these things I produce from Mrs. Kinsent, at the time I took the prisoner into custody.
(The property identified by the prosecutrix.)

Q. 
            (To prosecutrix.) After these two shirts, and the pantaloons were delivered to you by the nursery maid, whether you observed any different appearance in the bulk of the prisoner? - A. I did so, she was less a great deal, I took particular notice.
Q. You found no cravats? - A. No.
Prisoner's defence. I am very much injured, and there is many things laid to my charge that I am not deserving of.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
