






440. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SCHOLER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  LEFEVRE
               




            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of May
, a box, value 6d. three hundred and sixty penny-pieces, thirty shillings, and one thousand six hundred and eighty halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  Mark 
                  Currie
               



            .
Second Court. Charging them to be the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Clarke
               



            .(The case was opened by Mr. Raine.)


                  JOHN 
                  CLARKE
               



             sworn. - I am carman
 to Mr. Currie; I received a great quantity of halfpence from a public-house, in Bethnal-green; I put them into a box in the cart, and when I got into Wentworth-street, I was stopped by a scavenger's cart; a man came up to me, I cannot say who, and asked me, if I was going into Mr. Brown's, I said, no; I turned my head almost immediately and saw thde rail board of the cart let down, and the box gone; I saw the box again in 
               
                  Susannah 
                  Wright
               



            's room, in George yard, which comes up into Wentworth-street; I had the key in my pocket, it contained five pounds worth of copper in penny-pieces, old halfpence, and new halfpence.
ANN JENK sworn. - I live at No. 4, George-street, Spiralfields; on Wednesday the 5th of May, I saw the prisoner Scholer lift his hand over the cart, he could not reach the box out of the cart; he then let the tail board down, and lifted it out, he carried it towards George-yard; I did not see the other man.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  WRIGHT
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 19, George-yard; on Wednesday afternoon, the 5th of May, the prisoner Lesevre came to my house between two and three o'clock in the afternoon; I was washing a few things, and a woman that was with me, heard somebody on the stairs; I opened the room door and saw Lesevre upon the landingplace with a box; he asked me to let him leave it about five or ten minutes, I told him he might and welcome; I asked him if he was one of the young men that was going to sea the next morning, and he said, yes; the box was put in the room up one pair of stairs, he went down stairs, and I saw no more of him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SPARROW
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 21, George-yard; on Wednesday the 5th of May, between two and three o'clock, I found the box upon the landing place up two pair of stairs, at No. 19.

Q. 
            (To Wright.) Who removed the box up two pair of stairs? - A. I cannot say.(
               
                  Richard 
                  Osman
               



            , the officer; produced the box, which was identified by Clarke.)
Scholer's defence. Mrs. Jenks is a very bad falseswearing woman, she was tried two or three Sessions ago, for a watch, she keeps a disorderly house; she will swear any man's life away for the sake of the reward.
Lesevre's defence. I never was near the house, nor yet in the street till Sunday, when I was apprehended.
Scholer, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
Lefevre, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 27.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
