






83. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CAYHILL
               




             and 
               
                  RALPH 
                  WOOD
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of December
, fifteen yards of baize, value 12s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Whiting
                  




               
            .
JOHN WHITING sworn. - I keep a shop
 in Beach-street, Cripplegate


: On the 23d of December, a man, having the appearance of a sailor, came in to look at some stockings; then the prisoner, Wood, and his wife, came in to look at some black silk stockings, that was between five and six o'clock; an officer going by, came in with the baize, and told me I had been robbed; I desired the officer to look at the people in the shop, and he knew the prisoner, Wood, but not having any thing against him, I let him go for that night; the officer has the baize.
 - ELLIS sworn. - I am a patrol belonging to Worship-street: On Monday, the 21st of December, a little before six o'clock, I was going along Beach-street, and saw the prisoner, Cayhill, come out of Mr. Whiting's shop, with this roll of baize, or flannel, whatever it is, in his hand; I attacked him three or four doors from Mr. Whiting's; Iasked him what he did with that, and a scuffle ensued between us; he got away from me, and left the flannel behind him; I picked it up, and took it into Mr. Whiting's shop; I told him he had been robbed,(produces the property;) I did not apprehend the prisoner till the next night; I knew Wood to be a companion of Cayhill's; Wood went in first, the flannel stood behind Wood; when Cayhill took it up, and came out with it, I saw Wood and his wife in the shop; I knew them all before.

Q. 
            Did you observe Wood have any conversation with Cayhill in the shop? - 
               A. 
            None at all; I had not time to see that; I found them both in company together at a public-house the next evening in Whitecross-street; I only took Cayhill first, for there was such a set uses the house, that I was afraid of their being rescued from me.


                  JAMES 
                  FITZGERALD
               



             sworn. - I was with Ellis when he apprehended the prisoners: I was lame in the arm, and we were afraid to take them both at once; after we had taken Cayhill to the office, I came back through Golden-lane, and met Wood, and we took him.

Q. 
            (To Whiting.) Did you see any thing of the prisoner, Cayhill, in your shop? - 
               A. 
            No, I did not.

Q. 
            Did any conversation pass between Wood and the sailor in the shop? - 
               A. 
            None at all; the officer brought in the baize before any of them were served; I followed them out, and saw Wood and the sailor go into a public-house, the corner of Golden-lane; I saw them drinking together.

Q. 
            Look at that property? - A. It is mine; there is a mark upon it, No. 8; this was the outside piece; I had removed it from the door about half an hour.
Caybill's defence. I know no more of the robbery than the child unborn.
Wood's defence. I know nothing of the robbery, nor the man neither; I never saw him till I saw him at Worship-street.
Cayhill called one witness who had known him eight or nine years, and gave him a good character.
Cayhill, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Wood, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
