





681. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BOOTH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of July
, a tin watering-pot, value 1s. and a pair of garden shears, value 1s. the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Cockett
                     



                  ; and a stove, value 3s.
             the property of Thos. Bosher.
WILLIAM COCKETT sworn. - I am a bedsteadmaker
, and live in Bethnal-green-road: On Sunday, the 11th of July, I got up about five o'clock, and found the lower part of my house open; I lost a watering-pot and garden shears; I missed the stove on Monday, which belonged to I 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Busher
                  



               
            ; on the Tuesday, going along Long-alley, Moorfields, I saw the watering-pot and stove for sale; I fetched Busher, and he owned his stove; the prisoner was taken the next Monday.


                  THOMAS 
                  BUSHER
               



             sworn. - My stove was in the room, and I missed it on the Monday; I saw itagain on Tuesday, at Mr. Joel's; I had sold the stove, and waited for the person to fetch it away.


                  JOSEPH 
                  JOEL
               



             sworn. - I am a broker, and know the prisoner; he sold these things to me on Monday morning, the 12th of July, (produces the stove and pot.); he asked 9s. for them; I made a laugh at him; he said his wife and children were going into the country, and wanted money; I bid him 6s. but gave him 6s. 6d. On the 19th, being the Monday following, the prisoner came again; I run out, and said, what, are you come again; yes, said he, I have got another bargain for you; said he, what is the matter with you; I took him into custody; we searched him, and found a quantity of keys on him. (Produces them).
Mrs. JOEL sworn. - The prisoner came on Monday and, sold the articles; I paid him 6s. 6d.; on Wednesday Mr. Cockett claimed the garden-pot and stove; I went to the office, and on the Monday following the prisoner came again, and was apprehended.
Cross-examined by Mr. Hart. Q.Cockett came and bargained for the pot? - A. Yes, and paid part, but did not own it; Bushel came after wards, measured the stove, and went away without owning it.
- sworn. - I was going by, and assisted in taking the prisoner. (The property identified).
Prisoner's defence. I was a folder, and discharged from the army; on any return from Egypt, I carried about fish, and greens from my living, I have a wife and three small children.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
