





682. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     EATON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of September
, a handkerchief, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John Preston 
                           Neale
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PRESTON NEALE
               



            . I am a clerk
 in the general post office. On the 19th of September, between eight and nine in the evening, just before I came to Temple bar, I felt a man close behind me; I therefore was upon my guard, I suspected what he might be after; immediately I got on the other side of Temple bar I found my handkerchief gone; I immediately turned round and saw the handkerchief in the prisoner's hand.
Q. Where was he - A. Immediately under the bar; I saw the handkerchief in his hand, which he immediately threw behind him: I saw this from the light coming from the shop which is immediately by the bar; I saw him very plain. I immediately seized him and took him to St. Dunstan's watchhouse.
Q. How far had he followed you before you saw this - A. A very short distance; I did not feel him but just before I got to the bar. I picked up my handkerchief.


                  JAMES 
                  MASTERS
               



            . I am a constable of the ward of Farringdon Without. On the 19th of September I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner. I immediately came to the prisoner; the prosecutor gave charge of the prisoner for robbing him of a silk handkerchief.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. My lord, and gentlemen of the jury - I stand at the bar completely innocent of the charge alledged against me. On the evening it is said the robbery was committed, I was going to spend the evening with my sister, who is a servant to a respectable tradesman at Charing Cross. The prosecutor said I had robbed him; at the same instant I was walking along a gentleman kicked his foot against the handkerchief; the gentleman seeing a mob walked on; the prosecutor claimed the handkerchief; and although I know myself innocent, I was dragged to the watch-house.I am indicted in London, which I am told is wrong, the robbery was done in Middlesex. Gentleman I am a poor young man, a hatter by trade, now a private in the London Militia; and for some time I have been the only support of an aged father; but I now am at a loss for money and friends to assist me; I therefore hope and flatter myself that this real statement of my case will have every possible weight upon your minds to prove my innocence.
Q. to prosecutor. You say your pocket was picked before you got through the bar - A. Yes, it was done under the bar; I had got through the bear when I discovered that I had lost the handkerchief; I saw the handkerchief in the prisoner's hand.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for the term of his natural life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
