





362. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CAVENAGH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of April
, a carcase of a sheep, value 20s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Hull
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  FRIEND
               



             sworn. - I am a butcher, and servant to Mr. Hull, of Leadenhall-market


: On Saturday, the 9th of April, I missed a sheep from off one of the rails; Jordan told me he could tell where it was, for he saw it taken; I went withhim to George-yard, Shoreditch, and waited a few minutes, when I saw the prisoner with a tray containing the whole carcase of mutton, cut in joints, on his shoulder; I stopped him, and said, Piky, which he is called, I shall own this sheep; he said, it did not belong to me; I said, it belonged to my master, and was in my charge, and I should take him; he said, don't hurt me, let me go, and you take the mutton; I persuaded him to go with me, which he did, till we got to Gregory's, the lamb butcher's, when he swore he would not go any further, and run away; I followed him; he fell, and I laid hold of him, and took him into the accompting-house; he said he never did such a thing before, and hoped we would forgive him; that he would sell the sheep, and pay for it, if we would let him go; the constable then took him in custody.
ROBERT JORDAN sworn. - I am a porter in Leadenhall-market, and saw the prisoner take the sheep off the hook, and run across the market.


                  JAMES 
                  HICKS
               



             sworn. - I took the prisoner into custody.
Prisoner's defence. I saw the sheep lay on a bulk in the market; I took it up, and went home with it, after asking who had lost it, but could not find an owner for it. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
