





147. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     LANDER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of January
, ten pair of shoes, value 25s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Thomas
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS
               



             sworn. - I keep a shoe warehouse
, No. 25, Upper East-Smithfield


, the prisoner was chairing at our house, the servant being ill: On the 10th of January, some articles being missing in the house, my wife charged her with having taken them; she behaved very insolent, and threatened to knock her down for making such a charge; the prisoner took out some carpets, under pretence of dusting them, and ran home immediately; she left the carpets in the street, and I pursued her; when I went into the room, she was upon her knees at a box, in which were seven pair of men's shoes, and three pair of chidlren's; she then said she hoped I would shew her mercy, and not expose her; said, as she had that quantity, I did not doubt she had taken others; she said she had not, and pulled out some duplicates for some articles not belonging to me; she then pretended to be very ill; she put her hand to her pocket and then to her mouth, and pretending to vomit, threwsomething into the fire-place; upon looking behind the stove, I found fifteen duplicates, five of them for shoes; the pawnbrokers gave up the shoes; there were eleven pair of men's, one woman's, and three pair of boys; she had been at work in the house four days. - (The shoes were produced, and identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
