






859. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     KING
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of September
, a shawl, value 2 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Batley
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Walsmore
                        



                     
                  , in their dwelling house
            .


                  HENRY 
                  BATLEY
               



            . I am a linen draper

, 
               
                  George 
                  Walsmore
               



             is my partner, we both live at 126, Newgate-Street


. On the 25th of September between four and five in the afternoon, the prisoners came into my shop, I knew their persons very well, 
               
                  Sarah 
                  King
               



             asked for some callico, I shewed them some, after some time they purchased some callico, they were very difficult about the price, they were bargaining with me nearly a quarter of an hour.
Q. Had you any shawls near the place they were. A. The one which Smith took, I saw her take it from off the counter, after looking at the callico some time, Smith 
               drew
             the shawl towards the callico, King held the callico while Smith drew it over the shawl, with intent as if to hide the shawl from me, but they could not, I saw her take it; I saw her put it under her apron and the moment she had possession of it, King bought the callico and was going out in haste.
Q. How much did the callico cost. - A. Eighteen pence, they bought a yard and a half, they were going out, I stopped them by the door, I told them why I stopped them; I charged them with having stolen the shawl.
Q. Where was it you found the shawl. - A. I faced them going out, taking King in my right hand, and Smith in my left, she had the shawl under her right hand, and at the time I took her to walk back in the shop, she dropped it at the door; I sent for a constable, they were secured, I delivered the shawl to the constable, the shawl cost me fifty shillings.
Q. Have you any doubt about their persons. - A. No.
SMITH. Q. I wish to ask him whether he saw me drop the shawl. - No; I did not see her drop the shawl, it was found at the door where I first stopped her, I am quite sure I saw her lay hold of it while she was at the counter.


                  GEORGE 
                  JACOB WARRALL
               



            . I am a constable, on the 25th of September I was sent for to take charge of these women, Mr. Batley charged them with stealing a shawl, Mr. Batley desired me to take them up stairs, and search them; on Smith I found five bad shillings, I found no shawl, when I came down stairs Mr. Batley told me it was found.
Smith's Defence. When the gentleman searched me he found no shawl, I have got an unfortunate father, he is near sighted, he gets his living by music; I had that five shillings of my father, he took it at the fair.
King's Defence. I work at waistcoat making
; I met this young woman; I asked this young woman if she would come in with me, I went in and asked to look at some callico, I had a yard and a half cut off, the gentleman came and squeezed us, as we were going out, and said we had stole a shawl, I said I had done no such thing, he kept us fast by our hands, when the constable came, he searched us, he could not find the shawl, and the prosecutor in walking up and down the shop, he found the shawl. I know nothing about the shawl.
SMITH 

               GUILTY
            . aged 21.
KING 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before M. Common Serjeant.
