





211. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     NUNN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of January
, three pounds weight of indigo, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William-Wentworth 
                     Deschamps
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Bennett Stephenson 
                     Morgan
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     M'Taggert
                  



               
            .

WILLIAM-WENTWORTH DESCHAMPS
             sworn. - I am a merchant
, the prisoner at the bar was a porter
 to me for two years: On the 25th of January I was informed that he had robbed me, and when he was searched the property was found upon him.


                  HUGH 
                  JONES
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to Mr. Deschamps: I was informed for some time past that the prisoner had taken away indigo: On the 25th of January I accordingly went to the warehouse, and desired him to fetch up a bale of goods from the warehouse, which he did.
Q. At what time of the day? - A. About half-past three o'clock; I saw something in his pocket, and immediately brought him before Mr. Deschamps; I told him I suspected he had indigo in his pocket; he denied it; I desired him to pull it out, but he would not; I put my hand into his pocket and pulled out one stone; his apartments were afterwards searched; I do not know exactly the quantity found there; the officer has it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. He said he had no more than that which you took out of his pocket? - A. He said he had none; his coat was on him at the time I perceived the lump in his pocket.


                  DANIEL 
                  LEADBEATER
               



             sworn. - I am an officer; I produce the indigo: this piece Mr. Jones told me, in the presence of the prisoner, was taken out of his pocket; he gave charge of him, and I took him to the Compter; then I went to his lodgings, No. 23, Windmill-street, and under his bed, in a basket, I found this other indigo, and this gum. (Produces it.)
Q. (To the prosecutor.) Did you see this indigo taken from the prisoner? - A. Yes, and I perceived he had something in his pocket before it was taken out. When he was taken before the Magistrate he confessed the whole, and that he had been betrayed by some other man. He confessed that he had robbed me eight months since.
Mr. Alley. Q. Did you make any promise to him? - A. I did not.
Prisoner's defence. I am as innocent as the child unborn.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
