






18. 
               
                  
                     MAURICE 
                     DOYLE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HALESWORTH
               




             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of November

, thirty hods of lime, mixed with hair, value 15s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Roberts
                  



               
            , the younger; and the other for 


               receiving the same, knowing it to have been stolen
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Gurney.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBERTS
               



            , the younger, sworn. - I am a plaisterer
, in Cullum-street, Fenchurch-street, and have a yard in Jewin-street; the prisoner has been sixteen or seventeen years in my father's employ, as a labourer and carter
: On Monday the 1st of November he was employed as my carter; I sent him with a load of lime to New Road, Whitechapel; it was what we call coarse stuff, lime and hair mixed, and a little rubbish; I saw him about eight or nine o'clock in the morning; he was then going; we call a load thirty hods, or thereabouts; about three o'clock in the afternoon I received some information; in consequence of which I spoke to Doyle about seven o'clock in the evening, at my father's shed, in Gitter lane.
Q. Has your father any share in this business? - A. None; I asked the prisoner where he had been that day with the stuff; he told me he had been to the New-road, Whitechapel, and had likewise brought another load to Cullum-street; he had taken out three loads that day, two of them to the New-road.
Q. How many loads had he in fact taken to the New-road? - A. Two, and one to Cullum-street.
Q. Do you know, of your own knowledge, whether he had taken more than three loads from your yard, that day? - A. I do not; I asked the prisoner what he was doing in Aldersgate-street between twelve and two; he made me not answer at first, he seemed to be quite struck, and I told him he had better tell me the truth.
Q. Then don't tell us what he said? - A. I then gave charge of the prisoner, and went to a place called Little Greenwich, in Aldersgate-street, where the prisoner Halesworth has some houses, and a stable, or shed; I found a load of lime and hair there.
Q.When was that? - A. The same evening.
Q. Was it like such as you had? - A. I can positively swear to it; I had mixed some rubbish with it, which rather changes its colour; I did not see Halesworth till the Friday; his attorney appeared for him, and answered for his appearance.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Is not your father in partnership with you? - A. Not in the business in Cullum-street; he carries on business in Gutter-lane.
Q. Two loads were to go to the New Road, and two loads were taken to the New Road? - A. Yes.
Q.Jewin-street leads into Aldersgate-street? - A. Yes, one end of it, and the other into Redcross-street.
Q. So that he might have gone out at either end of Jewin-street? - A.He might, but it is a long way round.
Q. This lime and hair was mixed with rubbish? - A. Yes.
Q. Do not other plaisterers mix rubbish with lime and hair? - A. Yes, but when I brought it back to that which remained in my yard, there was not a shade of difference.
Q. You don't know that the place you went to was Halesworth's? - A. No, only from Doyle.
Q. Did not Mr. Humphreys, Halesworth's solicitor, answer for his appearance, and did he not attend? - A. Yes.
Court. Q.What is the rubbish composed of? -A.Sand and old stuff that we knock out of ceilings, and earth; there was as much earth as rubbish; sometimes we use druft sand; it is what we call in the trade coarse stuff.
Q.That is the term by which it is known in the trade? - A. Yes; it is sometimes called coarse stuff, and sometimes lime and hair; it is understood in the trade as the same thing.
Court. Q.Suppose you were to give an order to a person to send you lime and hair, and he sent you lime and hair, with rubbish mixed with it, should you think yourself defrauded? - A. Certainly not; I should be perfectly satisfied with it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GREGURY
               



             sworn. - I live in Little Greenwhich, Alaersgate-street; it is a place for carts and carriages; the prisoner Halesworth does not live there; he told me be had some houses there upon a reparing lease.
Q.In the begining of November, did you see Mr. Roberts's cart there? - A. I did, and I saw the prisoner Doyle there; he brought a load of lime, and was going to shoot it opposite my window; that was about one o'clock; I told him he should not shot it there, we had had rubbish enough before; Mr. Halesworth stepped up, and said, draw it up here, either I or we are going to me in; I cannot say which; he took it up, and it was shot close to Mr. Halesworth's premises.
Q.Where was Mr. Halesworth at the time is was shot upon his premises? - A. With the car man: I then gave information to Mr. Roberts, seeing his name upon the care: I had often seen I there before.
Def's defence. The horse that I had was a sickly horse and subject to garping, and was I was coming out of Jowln-street the horse wanted to bye down, and I thought I had better shoot the load in Little Greenwich man in the street; Mr. Halesworth came up, and said you had better not shoot it there; and when I was asked what I had done with it I was terrified, because I thought my made was indicted for a nuisance for putting it there; I have been seventeen years with my master, and he was always too good a master to rob; I went through Aldersgate-street for fear I should be stopped in the short was going through Castle-street.
Q.(To Gregery.) Did the horse appear to be ill when you saw it? - A. No.
Q. When you spoke to him about shooting his load there, did he give that as a reason? - A. No.
Mr. Roberts. Nor did he mention that to me.
Halesworth left his defence to his counsel.
The prisoner Doyle called five, and Halesworth nine witnesses, who gave them good characters.
Doyle, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 50.





               Confined twelve months in Newgate
            , and 



               fined 1s.
            

Halesworth, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 53.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
