






42. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     CHEESE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of November
, a Bill of Exchange for the payment of 20 l. two Bank-notes, each of the value of 2 l. and two other Bank-notes, each of the value of 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George-Frederick 
                     Buckholtz
                  




               
            .

GEORGE-FREDERICK BUCKHOLTZ
             sworn. - Last Saturday, between twelve and one o'clock at night, I was coming from the theatre to my lodging in Greville-street, Hatton-garden: Before I came to Middle-row, Holborn


, the two prisoners accosted me, one on the right and the other on the left, they wanted me to treat them; Smith hustled me about a good deal, and behaved very indecent; I told them I had no money; I said, to get rid of them, that I had been with two women before, and spent every farthing; they hustled me till we got to the corner of Gray's-Inn-lane, they pulled me along and behaved very indecent, and feeling me about; I felt Smith's hand in my waistcoat-pocket; I told them I had no money, but if they would tell me their lodging I would come some other day to them; Cheese told me she lived at the Key, in Chandos-street; as soon as I found her hand in my pocket, I pulled myself away from them, and left them. I had in my right-hand pocket some money in a leather purse, and in my left-hand pocket a note for 20 l. two two-pound Bank notes, and two one-pound Bank notes; I found my watch and money safe, but the notes gone; I immediately went down Gray's-Inn-lane after them, and found them standing together; the tall woman (Cheese) had in her muff a piece of white paper, which I snatched out of her hand, I looked at it, and found it was the twenty-pound note; I said you have robbed me, and I called out watch immediately; a watchman came up, and I gave charge of those two women, I never recovered the Bank notes; I shewed the watchman the note, and the little one attempted to snatch it out of my hand, but she could not get it from me; they were then taken to the watch-house.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. What time did you get away from the theatre? - A. I think, half after twelve; I had been with some friends, I left the theatre between eleven and twelve o'clock; I then went with some friends to the Ship, at the corner of the theatre, and had some bread and cheese and some porter; about a quarter after twelve, Mr. Godwin, who belongs to the theatre, went with me to King-street, he lives at Somers-town.
Q. How much had you drank? - A. Very little, I was perfectly sober.
Q. You found the prisoners not more than two hundred yards from the place where you left them? - A. Thereabouts.


                  JOHN 
                  HUGHES
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman: I heard the cry of watch, and ran as hard as I possibly could; the prosecutor said he was robbed by those two women, he said he had lost some papers; I asked him what papers; he shewed me a paper, and said, here is a paper the lady has robbed me of; I asked him if he had lost any thing else; he said, four notes; I asked him what notes; he told me two two-pound notes, and one one-pound note; he said the shortest had robbed him; I laid hold of her, and the gentleman took hold of the other; the short one said she would not go to the watch-house; I sprang my rattle, and we got her to the watch house, with a great deal of trouble; they were searched, but I did not see them searched.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FORREST
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman, in Gray's-Inn-lane: I went to the spring of my partner's rattle, and the gentleman gave charge of the prisoners; Smith resisted very much, I was by when they were searched to their shifts, but nothing found upon them.
(The watch-house-keeper produced the twenty-pound not, which he received from the prosecutor.)
Prosecutor. This is my note.
Cheese's defence The gentleman wanted me to take a walk with him; I told him I would go with him to the Key, in Chandos-street; he said he had been there with two ladies, and spent fifteen shillings, which was all he had.
Cheese, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 36.
Smith, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
