





702. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     LEVY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of July
, a watch, value 2 l. 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Kerwood
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  KERWOOD
               



            . I live at No. 42, Long-alley, Moorfields. On Tuesday evening, the 20th of July, a little before nine, I was crossing the end of White Lion-street


 to come to Dorset-street, the prisoner, when I was halfway over the road, came out my right side and snatched the watch out of my fob pocket; I know it was the prisoner; I can swear to his face; I felt him snatch it out, and in coming out of my pocket it struck the buttons of my waistcoat, I thought the glass was broken; I followed him and called out stop thief, he ran down White's row, I did not overtake him; I met a woman, I gave way for her, my toe hit against a stone, I fell down and the prisoner got off.
Q. Did you take particular notice of him so as to know that is the man - A. Yes. I have never seen the watch again.
Q. When did you see the prisoner again - A. On Saturday. I saw the prisoner by a public house door in Wentworth-street, I knew him immediately; I acquainted Hart the officer, he went and apprehended him.


                  JOHN 
                  LAWSON
               



            . Q. Do you know the prisoner 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Levy 
               



            - A. Yes; I saw him on the 20th of July; in the evening. I was sitting at my own door in White's-row, he came running by with his coat tucked up, he was running as fast as he could, the prosecutor was following him close behind; the prosecutor struck against the steps, he fell down; the prisoner got away. The prisoner is the man; I have seen him before.
Q. When did you see the prisoner again - A. On the Saturday following, in Red-lion-street Spital-field; I found him afterwards at a public house door; that was the time when the officer apprehended him.


                  THOMAS 
                  HART
               



            . I am an Headborough; I apprehended the prisoner; the prosecutrix pointed him out to me.
Prisoner's Defence. At the time the robbery was committed I was at work.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 16.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Wood.
