





180. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     COHEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of February
, an opera-glass, value 10 s. 6 d. a gold watch, value 7 l. three gold rings, value 20 s. three brilliant pins, value 8 s. a silver opera-ticket, value 2 s. thirty gold-mounted bottles, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Sutherland
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     William-Henry 
                     Wilson
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SUTHERLAND
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker and jeweller

, I live in Vigo-lane, St. James's, Westminster


; I have a partner, his name is William-
               
                  Henry 
                  Wilson
               



            .
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A. I have seen him in my shop several times; he came to my shop under pretence of buying a lot of jewellery and plate; the last time he came was, I think, on the 1st of February, he represented himself as a person keeping a stall in the West Indies; I shewed him a lot, he staid a considerable time in looking at the articles, he staid an hour or two.
Q. Did he purchase any? - A. We could not agree about the price; he called again, I think, on the 1st of February, he desired I would turn it over in my mind, and let him look at the articles again; I let him see them again, he examined them more minutely, it was a large lot, and came to upwards of two hundred pounds; I told him I would take two hundred pounds for the lot; he bid me one hundred and ninety-three pounds, or thereabouts; he told me to turn it in my mind, and then went away, and said he would come at the time appointed; in consequence of his not coming to the time appointed I looked over the things, and missed several of the articles, to the amount of thirty pounds, he never came to me; I found him by the means of Mr. Dobree, on Monday evening last, at Mr. Dobree's, No. 68, Oxford-street; he was taken to the office in Marlborough-street. On searching him there, an opera-glass was found on him with my private mark and number, it was in his coat-pocket, and a knife.
Q. What was the value of that opera-glass? - A. Half-a-guinea.
Q. Are you sure it was in the articles he had been looking over? - A. Yes, I am sure; the lot I had been shewing him were not in the shop, they were my own private concern, I have them under lock and key.
Q. Did you find any other part of your property? - A. No.
Q. Is your shop part of your house? - A. Yes; I and my partner live there, we occupy the house jointly.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DOBREE
               



             sworn. - I know the prisoner: In consequence of Mr. Sutherland losing some goods, he requested if he came to our house that I would take him; he came, and we took him; he was in the custom of coming to our house to see the newspapers. There is a little circumstance of an opera-ticket, which he offered to lend me, which is part of the property of Mr. Sutherland; he offered to lend me an opera-ticket last week.
Q. Did you accept the offer? - A. I did not; he said at any time I wanted it he would lend it me; it was a silver ticket; I read on it something of February, 97.


                  JAMES 
                  KENNEDY
               



             sworn. - On the 13th of this month, I was sent for to Mr. Dobrees's to take the prisoner into custody; when I brought him to the office I searched him, and found in his pocket an opera-glass, Mr. Sutherland said it was his property, it had been stolen from him; the prisoner said, he had bought it with a lot of goods, but he could not tell where. (The opera-glass produced, and identified by Mr. Sutherland.)
Prisoner. (To Mr. Sutherland.) Q. Is there any defect in that glass? - A. I know of no defect in that glass.
Prisoner. Q. I bought that glass in a lot of goods four months ago, the little glass is broke, and has been broke for two months - you look at it? - A. There is a crack in the glass.
GUILTY,
Of 


               stealing the opera-glass
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
