






312. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     GRACE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     MANDEVILLE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 8th of March
, three half guineas, and six shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Puddick
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PUDDICK
               



            . Q. What are you. - A. I am servant
 to Mr. Marsden, a horse dealer.
Q. On the 28th of March, did you meet with the prisoners any where. - A. Yes, both of them. They were standing at a door No. 5, Dyot street, about half past three o'clock in the afternoon; they laid hold of me by the collar and asked me to come in.
Q. Which of them laid hold of you by the collar. 
               A. Ann Grace
            . Upon her taking hold of me by the collar I went into the room with them; when I got into the room they began shoving me about and putting their hands in my pockets. I gave them a shilling to get rid of them; they shut the door and robbed me of three half guineas and six shillings; they unbuttoned my small clothes by force.
Q. Which of them did. - A. Both of them. One of them put her arms around my neck, and Grace took the money out of my breeches pocket.
Q. How came you to let her do that. - A. The black girl
, Mandeville, is a great deal stronger than I am.
Q. What did they take out of your pocket. - A. Three half guineas and six shillings, my pocket was turned inside out, and she had the money inside of her hand; I laid hold of Grace's hand and got two half guineas out of her hand; she called out to the other girl and said he has got some of the money, and he will have all the money back; while I was getting the money out of Grace's hand, Mandeville bit my wrist, cut the side of my head, tore my shirt, and gave me a black eye.
Q. Did Grace give any money to her. - A. Yes, half a guinea and six shillings, she gave to her all the money that I had not got back; I stood with my back against the door to prevent them going out, thinking I could get some assistance to have them taken up; finding no assistance I went to a public house, the next house but one to it, to wash my blood off; a constable was in the house, the constable went with me to the house to take them up, they were gone out of the house; we returned back to the public house, looked out of the window; I saw Grace walking up the street; the constable went and took her to the watchhouse; Mandeville was not found till the Thursday following; here is my shirt tore all to pieces.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am beadle for St. George's Bloomsbury; on Monday the 28th of last month, I was at Roach's, the Maiden head public house, Dyot street, about half past three in the afternoon; this young man came in all over blood; bleeding at his mouth and nose, and to me apparently bit and scratched upon his hands, and his shirt was all tore to ribbons; I took him with me immediately to No. 5; I did not find either of the prisoners there; we went back to the same public house; in the front room a little while after we saw 
               
                  Ann 
                  Grace
               



             come carelessly by; I took her to the watchhouse. On the Thursday morning following, as I was going into the same public house to enquire it they had seen any thing of her; Mandeville was coming out as I was going in; I took her.
Grace's Defence. I never saw any thing of the man's money nor clapped my eyes upon him till he took me a prisoner.
Mandeville's Defence. The same.
GRACE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.
MANDEVILLE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
