





519. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 1st of September
, twenty-eight yards of printed cotton, value 2 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Tennant
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  TENNANT
               



             sworn. I am a linen draper
, I live at No. 3, Crown-street, Finsbury-square


; I saw the witness bring the print back to my shop.


                  GEORGE 
                  GREENWELL
               



             sworn. I live at No. 55, Bishopsgate-street; I was passing up Crown-street on the 1st of September, about twelve o'clock at noon. I saw the prisoner at the bar with a piece of print in her hands, as I thought, not as if she was going to buy it, I was at the door at the time, it was fixed up at the door of the shop; seeing me take notice of it, she sufficiently eyed me, and by so doing I took notice of her; I crossed over the way, and as I was returning she was just then coming from the house; I was sure, by her going away so quick, that she had got something. I had not an opportunity of going to the shop, she turned up a little court where there is a thoroughfare, I followed her, I was afraid of losing fight of her; I went up to her, and asked her what she had got there, she said nothing, I pulled away her cloak, and under her cloak she had got a piece of print. I directly brought her back to Mr. Tennant, he owned the print.
(The print produced and identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going along this alley this gentleman took me; I picked up this print, he said I stole it, I know nothing of it, there was a woman coming along, I asked her if she knew any thing about it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
