





742. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Thompson
                     



                  , about the hour of ten in the night of the 15th of July
, and burglariously stealing a pair of sheets, value 10s. a pair of pillow-cases, value 1s. and two cloaks, value 30s. the property of William Thompson; and a hat, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Thompson
                  



               
            .



                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMPSON
               



             sworn. - I live in Norton-street, Portland-place


: On the 15th of July, about half past nine o'clock, my brother, who was sitting in the parlour with me, heard a noise in the shop, it was then light; a little girl had come in a little before, and I be lieve had latched the door; I immediately ran out, and saw a woman pick up the articles mentioned in the indictment, except the cloaks, which I know to be my property; the cloaks have never been found; the hat belonged to my brother James; I have no partner.
EDWARD-
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMPSON
               



             sworn. - I was sitting with my brother; I heard a noise, I went into the shop, and saw the prisoner standing by the counter; it was dark; I could not distinguish his face; he ran out of the shop immediately, and I pursued him, and never lost fight of him till he was taken; a little girl, a sister of mine, had been in just before, and I sent her back to shut the door; I am sure the prisoner is the person; I saw him drop the bundle.


                  ELIZA 
                  HAWKINS
               



             sworn. - I was selling radishes in Great Marybone-street; a man, who was running, threw down a bundle of linen; I picked it up, and took it to Mr. Thompson's.(
               
                  David 
                  Ryan
               



            , a watchman, deposed, that on hearing the cry of stop thief, he stopped the prisoner.)(The property was produced and identified by Mr. Thompson.)
Prisoner's defence. I heard the cry of stop thief, and I ran with the rest of the people.
GUILTY, aged 27.
Of 


               stealing goods, value 39s. but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
