





14. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     IVES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of October
, five sacks, value 10 s. and eleven bushels of wheat, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John Shephard 
                     Killock
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  STEARNE
               



             sworn. - Q. Do you know Mr. Killock? - A. No, I am a sworn metre; I loaded a certain quantity of corn in the barge inside of Iron Gate, Tower Hill.
Q. How much corn did you put in the barge? - A. Thirty-three quarters and four bushels of wheat. At Horslydown I put in the barge forty-two quarters, and two bushels, which I delivered into the care of the bargemen


                  Simon 
                  Brown
               



            , and another; I am not certain of the prisoner at the bar, it was to Simon Brown and another, I delivered the corn on the 24th of October.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I am a sworn metre.
Q. Do you remember helping to load this barge? - A. I put eight quarters of wheat in for Mr. Killock; I delivered the corn in the barge on the 25th.



                  JOHN 
                  SHEPHARD KILLOCK
               



             sworn. - Q. You have heard of the delivery of these parcels of wheat? - A. I purchased it of Messrs Stonard and Ryland, and of Messrs Giles and Hinnings.
Q. You did not see it put on board the barge? - A. No, I keep a barge to bring it from the River Thames to Hackney Mills. I employed 
               
                  Simon 
                  Brown
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Ives
               



            , the prisoner at the bar, and this boy, they were in the barge.
Q. Where was this corn to be delivered to you? - A. At Hackney Mills, Lee Bridge.
Q. When did your barge come up to your house? - A. It should have come up on Friday night the 25th.
Q. It comes by Bow Creek, does it? - A. It comes up sometimes by Bow Creek, and sometimes Limehouse way, there are two ways.
Q. Do you know the course the bargemen took at this time? - A. I believe it was by Bow Creek; they ought to have come to me on the 25th, but they did not come till between 9 and 10 o'clock on the 26th.
Q. Was any of the corn delivered out of the barge at your house? - A. The corn was unloaded from the barge.
Q. I suppose the corn is usually lodged in the hull of the barge, and the cabin is for other purposes? - A. The cabin is for the purpose of lying down in, and for them to dine in.
Q. When they arrived the corn was delivered to you, was it? - A. I was not present the whole time, I was at home; I placed my young man 
               
                  William 
                  Barnes
               



             to attend the delivery.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARNES
               



             sworn. Q. You are a servant to Mr. Killock at Hackney Mills? - A. Yes.
Q. On the 26th of October last, do you remember the delivery of some corn at your master's. - A. I was present when it was delivered from the barge.
Q. How much was delivered? - A. One hundred and eighty-three quarters and six bushels, according to the metre's bills, and that was the quantity that we expected.
Q. In point of fact how much was delivered? - A. I told the sacks, and the sacks were right according to the complement; to the best of my belief and knowledge they were right.
Q. Of course you did not measure the contents of each sack? - A. I did not.
Q. How many sacks there was you cannot tell? - A. Two sacks make a quarter; double of that number were in sacks.
Q. Did you perceive any missing at that time? - A. No.
Q. Was it ever measured afterwards? - A. Some of the sacks were in my presence, they were not deficient.
Q. How did you find out that there was a deficiency in the whole? - A. I did not find out that there was any deficiency.
Q. How did you find out that the whole was not delivered? - A. I cannot swear that they were not delivered; twenty people may come on the stage and I not see them; and while the bargemen were coming up and down, they might have replaced sacks without my seeing it, there are so many.
Q. You do not know of your own knowledge that there was any deficiency? - A. No.
Q. (To 
               
                  John 
                  Shephard Killock
               



            .) You expected one hundred and eighty-three quarters and six bushels? - A. I did.
Q. Did you know yourself what was delivered to you? - A. I cannot tell.
Q. How did you find out that there was any deficiency? - A. On the day the barge was unloaded, I had sent my barge to his Majesty's yard at Deptford. On searching the cabin, the sacks were found in the cabin.
Mr. Alley. Q. Did you see it yourself? - A. I did not.
Court. The fact is so.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn. Q. You was employed with Ives and a person of the name of Brown? - A. Yes.
Q. Brown was a relation of yours, was not he? - A. Yes, my uncle; I was at Horslydown when I saw him take it in; we went from Horslydown to Bow Creek, and at night we went to Upper Homerton


, and stopped there all night.
Q. Was it usual for you to stop at Homerton. - A. I frequently used to stop there. We got up in the morning, and then went to Mr. Killock's mill.
Q. Did you see the corn in the barge in the sacks? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see either Brown or Ives take either of these sacks? - A. I saw them take two, and put them in the cabin.
Q. Who did you see do it? - A. My uncle 
               
                  William 
                  Brown
               



             and the prisoner at the bar; I did not see them do any thing else but put them in the cabin; they took them out of the middle of the barge.
Q. Did you see them pour the corn from one sack to the other? - A. I did not.
Q. What did they do with them sacks that they carried into the cabin. - A. They put them into the bed place; they then put the boards and the bed over them.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley.
Q. I believe you was taken into custody before you gave any account? - A. Yes.
Q. You have been in the house of correction a good length of time yourself? - A. Yes.
Prosecutor. Our testimony rested upon thisboy; he was not committed; he has had an extra allowance; he was only put there that he might not be put out of the way.
Q. (To Brown.) When the officer came to the barge, you and your uncle were the only persons that were there? - A. Yes.
Q. Has any person been threatening to beat you if you do not give evidence upon this occasion? - A. No.


                  EDWARD 
                  ROGERS
               



             sworn. - I am a police officer: On the 26th of October I was applied to by Mr. Killock; in consequence of that I went to the dock, where I had information that an empty barge was going to Deptford to take in empty casks there. I went to Limehouse in company with 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Sheekenan
               



            , Mr. Killock's foreman, and from thence proceded to Deptford; about 8 o'clock at night we found the barge at Deptford, near the Victualling Office; we went with a view to apprehend Ives and Brown only; we did not expect to meet with any thing, we went on board, and 
               
                  Simon 
                  Brown
               



             began to converse with Mr. Killock's man.
Q. Was Ives there? - A. No he was just gone on shore. Mr. Killock's man went into the bed place and searched for Ives; we went there to take him; during the time we were searching for Ives, 
               
                  Simon 
                  Brown
               



             made off by means of another barge; it being dark, we could not get hold of him there. We found eleven bushels of wheat and six sacks; and five of the sacks has Mr. Killock's name on them; we detained the boy, and put him and the wheat and the sacks into our boat; I went instantly and apprehended Ives, where he was on shore, and put him in the boat also; he had left word where he was, the boy went with us and shewed us where he was. The boy instantly told me the same story as he has your lordship.
Q. This going to Deptford was not in course upon Mr. Killock's business? - A. Yes, it was, he supplies the Victualling Office with flour. I produce the sacks and a sample of the wheat.
(The sacks indentified by the Prosecutor.)
Q. (To Prosecutor.) It is the river Lee, whether you pass by Bow Creek or Limehouse; is it a navigable river that your barge came along the cut from Upper Homerton; Did your barge come along that cut? - A. There is no other way, that is the only navigable part.
Q. (To Brown.) Where did you see your uncle convey these sacks into the bed place? - A. Opposite Homerton.
Q. (To Prosecutor) How do you account that the whole quantity that you expected should be delivered at your house, and yet they should have these sacks? - A. My people not having suspicions of these bargemen, being in the habit of coming up and down every day, they might have placed them there.
Q. What is the value of these six sacks of wheat? - A. Between three and four pounds.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY - of stealing to the value of 39 s.
             aged 31.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
