





374. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of April
, six brass weights, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Francis
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CORBYN
               



             sworn. - I live with 
               
                  Charles 
                  Francis
               



            , surgeon and apothecary
, in Fenchurch-street


: The prisoner came into my shop to ask for a bottle of Godfrey's Cordial, on the 18th of April, at near nine o'clock in the evening; I got her a bottle, and she said that was not what she wanted; she said that was not the bottle that she wanted, it was longer; I said, this comes to seven-pence halfpenny; she said that was not it, what she wanted came to fifteen-pence; I said perhaps she wanted Dalby's carminative; she said that was the name; but that was eighteen-pence; I shewed her a bottle of Dalby's, and she said that was it; I rather suspected her, from her laying her gown upon the end of the counter, near two sets of weights, with her hand through her pocket-hole; then she said she would go and fetch the three-pence; she went away; I directly looked at the end of the counter, and missed one set of weights, there were six of them; I called after her, and she did not stop; I followed her, and told her she had taken something out of the shop that was not her own; she stooped and said, what is the matter; I said, come back, and I will tell you; and then she dropped the weights, I heard them fall in the street; Mr. Francis sent for a constable, and gave charge of her; I had seen her twice before, which made me suspect her.


                  Thomas 
                  Hope
               



            , the constable, produced the weights, which were deposed is by Corbyn.
Prisoner's defence. I never saw any thing of them.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 26.)




               Transported for seven years.
            

Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
