






379. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     MAY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HUNT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of April
, a box, value 1s. and fifty pounds weight of sugar-candy, value 2l. 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Campion
                  



               
            , the elder, and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Campion
                  



               
            , the younger.


                  JOHN 
                  CAMPION
               



            , sen. sworn. - I am a grocer

 on Snow hill; my partner is 
               
                  John 
                  Campion
               



            , jun.


                  RALPH 
                  FLANDERS
               



             sworn. - I am carman to Messrs Campion: On the 21st of April, in the evening, about seven o'clock, I received a box into the cart from the shop, to go to the Blossom's Inn, I was got to the inn, and missed it in a moment; a woman in the yard asked me if I had not lost something out of the art; I said, yes; and several people went out, and brought the prisoners and box back.


                  JOHN 
                  GREENWOOD
               



             sworn. - I am book-keeper at the Blossom's Inn: On the 21st of April, in the evening, Mr. Campion's cart came to our yard, and hearing he had lost a box, I run down the gateway, and saw two men turn up Castle-court with a box; I cannot say which of them had it, but I defined one of them to put it down, which he did, and began to cover it over with a black apron; I took hold of them, and asked them where they brought the box from; one said, he did not bring it from any where, but they were going through the passage, and saw the box standing there, and was going to see what it was; I said, I should not let them go, and one of them bit my hand very much; I called out for help, and assistance came; then they were sent to the Compter.
May. Q.Did you not say before the Magistrate that there was another person in the cart to mind the property? - A. Yes, there were two in the cart.
Q.Did you see either of us with the box? - A. Yes.
Q.Which of us? - A.I cannot say which; you were both close together.
(The box produced, and identified.)
May's defence. We had been into Cannon-street to see a cousin of this young man's, and, coming home, we turned down Milk-street; I said, stop, I want to make water; I went up the court, and that gentleman came up, and said, you have stole this box; I said, what box? and he took us.
Hunt's defence. I was waiting at the corner of the court for him, when that gentleman came up, and laid hold of me; I said, I would go where he liked, for I was innocent.
May, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.
Hunt, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 17.





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
