





67. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROBINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of November
, eight pigs, value 30l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Watkins
                  





JOHN WATKINS sworn. - I live at Hounslow


: On Saturday morning, the 18th of November, my man went down the yard, and found the back gates thrown off the hinges, and eight of the largest hogs gone; I sent a boy and horse to the turnpike, to hear something of them, and at Notting-hill, he heard they were gone through; I saw them on the Friday evening, and after they were missed, I saw them on Saturday evening, between nine and ten, at the Black-lion, at Bayswater; I knew them to be my pigs, there were no particular marks, they were the Berkshire breed; I gave twenty guineas for them, when poor; I had them in seed six weeks, or two months; I swear they were my pigs to the best of my knowledge; I sent them to the pork-butcher, in London, to be killed, I would not take them back again.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. When you saw the prisoner, he told you how he came by them, did not he? - A. He said something.
Q. He always persevered in the same story? - A. I never heard him deviate.
Q. Did he not tell you that he had bargained for them on the road, of a person, who said he was going to London, and if he would conduct the pigs to Paddington, he would settle with him? - A. Yes he did, and that he had given him two guineas in part, and agreed to give him two guineas and a half a-piece.
Q. Did he say at what place the man had given him the pigs? - A. About half a mile back; he told us, this man, whom he had bargained with, was to meet him at the Red-lion, at Paddington, but that he was stopped, and prevented from going any further.
Q. Did he ever deviate from that story? - A. No; I asked him two or three times over, and he always told me the same story.
Court. Q. Did you go to the Red-lion at Paddington? - A. No.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Don't you know that the prisoner deals in greens, poultry, and pigs? - A. I have heard of it since. I never saw him deal.
Q. I believe you said to the prisoner, it was impossible for him to have done it himself? - A. I am sure he himself never could throw the gates off the hinges, I wanted to know who they were that assisted him; I cannot think any one man could do it, and get eight such pigs out, dark as it was.
Q. Did he give you his address? - A. He mentioned it, I think, to be in Red-lion-passage; he said, he kept a green-stall and sold pigs, and collected them about the country; I never have asked about it, but I have been told of it since, that he had lived there as much as ten or eleven years.


                  THOMAS 
                  PEEL
               



             sworn. - I keep the Black-lion, at Bayswater; on the 15th of November, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, the prisoner asked me the way to the Edgware-road, which I directed him to; in about three quarters of an hour, this little boy asked me if I had seen eight pigs pass; the prisoner had eight pigs before him, and was leading a little poney with the bridle on his arm; the pigs were spotted; my house is ten or eleven miles from Hounslow, he was coming in a direction from Hounslow to London, many droves come that way; when the boy asked me about the pigs, I told him I had seen them about three quarters of an hour before, and asked him whether he should know them again, he said, yes; I had my horse brought out as the boy wanted some assistance, and I went with him myself; we rode about a mile from my house, where we got in sight of the pigs; I asked him, "are you sure you are right?" - yes, says the boy, they are my master's pigs; I got off my horse, and gave it the boy to hold; I then walked up the foot-path after the prisoner, and asked him where he was going with the pigs, and if they belonged to him; he told me they did not,that he was hired by a person to drive them; I asked him if he knew the person, he told me he never saw him in his life before; I said, I was very sorry for him then, and that if he pleased, he must turn back to my house with the pigs, and I would send for the master; he behaved very civil and polite, and said, he would go any where with me, we then returned to my house.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. He asked you the way to the Edgware-road? - A. Yes, he did.
Q. You said, when you found the pigs in his possession, you told him you were very sorry for him? - A. I did.
Q. And though you told him you were sorry for him, he said, he was ready to go with you anywhere? - A. Yes, he did; he told me they were not his property.
Q. Have you made any enquiry about the prisoner since? - A. I have made some enquiry of the gentleman who live near him, and find he has lived in the place he described, for ten or eleven years; I never heard a disrespectful word against the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORTON
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Watkins; I saw the pigs about eight o'clock on Friday night, and missed them about six o'clock in the morning; I told my master, and he sent me to enquire after them; I went and found the pigs about eight o'clock, in the Harrow-road, the prisoner was driving them; Mr. Peel took him, and I drove the pigs to his house; I sed them about two months, and there was one very remarkable, that had got no tail; they were large, fat, spotted pigs, and one was a white spotted pig, with his tail cut off.
Prisoner's defence. I went into the country last Wednesday was three weeks, to Guildford, Farnham, and round that part; there was a fair on the Thursday, so I staid there all night; I stopped along with my friend at Blackwater, till it was late in the evening, I cannot say what time it was, as I had been drinking freely; he wanted me to stop all Friday night, but I returned home from Blackwater upon a very small horse, and before I had rode eight miles, I was obliged to get down and walk, which I did, to Egham; I then fed him; and when I came on again, I met a person on horseback, and asked him what road he was going; he said, he was going near to the Magpres, on Hounslow-heath; I told him if he would not go too fast, I should be glad to accompany him; I came along with him till within two miles of the Uxbridge road, when I got off again, and led my poney; a person in a market cart overtook me, and I got into conversation with him, and as we were going along, we overtook a man with these pigs on the foot-road; I says, farmer; firs I, what have you got there; he replied, I have got a few hogs; I asked him where he was going with them; he said, I am going towards town; I asked him if they were for sale, and where he brought them from; he said, from Uxbridge; I asked him whether he was going to take them to any body particular, and he said, no; I told him if he would bring them to my house, as I dealt a little in the pig way, I would buy them, and I gave him my address; he told me he could not bring them into town, for that he was going to lodge them at the Red Lion, at Paddington; I asked him the price of them; he said, three guineas and a half a-piece; I said, I could buy good pigs for about two guineas; in the dark they appeared small; the person who was along with me held my horse, and I felt them; I told the man I would meet him at the Red Lion, at Paddington, and try if I could buy them; he said, he would as lief fell them to me there, as to meet me at the Red Lion; I agreed with him that two guineas and a half a-piece, by what I could see of them, was a very fair price; I gave him two guineas earnest, and kept helping to drive the pigs till within a mile of Bayswater, when he said he wanted to step into town, and if you will continue driving the pigs to the Red Lion, I will meet you there; I continued driving them till I came to the corner of the Black Lion, when I said, does this take me to the Edgware-road, and some person said, yes, that is the Edgware-road; I drove the pigs on as gently as foot could fall, till I was just got up to Paddington, when Mr. Peele came up to me, and said, I want you; I answered, I will go back with you, or you may go along with me; he said, no, you must come back with me; says I, I am going to lodge these pigs at the Red-lion, at Paddington, and if you will go with me you may see the man I had them of; but he said no, and we walked together to the Blacklion, at Bayswater; and when the owner of the pigs came, I gave him my address, and told him in what manner I came by them; that is all I have to say.
The prisoner called fourteen witnesses, who gave him an excellent character.
Court. (To Peel.) Q. Did I understand you right, that the prisoner told you he was hired to drive them by a person? - A. Yes, my Lord, he said he was hired to drive them.




               GUILTY
            , aged 36. - 


               Transported for seven years
            .
Recommended to mercy by the prosecutor, on account of his good character.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
