





341. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HOLLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of April
, from 
                     
                        William 
                        Humphries,



                   one paper bag, value one halfpenny; four cakes, value one half-penny; twelve penny-pieces, and twenty-four half-pence
            ,the goods and monies of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Bindby
                  



               
            , the elder.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUMPHRIES
               



             sworn. - Q. How old are you? - A. I am fifteen this month.
Q. Do you know what an oath is, and that you are bound to speak the truth; if you do not you go to a bad place? - A. Yes: I live with Mr. Bindby, he is a pastry-cook and ginger-bread baker
; on the 14th of April last I was going across London-field


, with some cakes in a basket; the prisoner came up to me, with two other boys, and took some cakes and ran away.
Q. Did you see the prisoner take any? - A. He was one of them; when they took the cakes, they all ran away towards London; I then ran after them for my cakes; they threw some of the cakes on the ground, and while I was stooping to pick them up, this boy took 2 s. worth of copper out of my pocket.
Q. Are you sure of what you are saying? - A. This boy and another took 2 s. worth of penny-pieces and half-pence out of my right-hand coat pocket; there was one before me and one behind me; I could not resist; the prisoner was behind me.
Q. Can you take upon yourself to say, whether the prisoner put his hand in your pocket? - A. No; I cannot say which it was of the two; when they took them out they again ran away towards London; it was about four o'clock on the 14th of April; a butcher's boy was near enough to see them; he went and told my master, and Mr. Bindby, the younger, pursued them; I did not know the boys before.


                  GEORGE 
                  LILLY
               



             sworn. - I saw the prisoner and two more boys come up to Humphries; the prisoner passed me about five minutes after it happened; the prisoner was walking towards London, and another boy; when they came up to the baker's boy, I was coming from Mr. Bindby's house; I saw the prisoner and another boy behind Humphries in the middle of the field; I went up to Humphries, and then immediately I went and told his master.


                  GEORGE 
                  BINDBY
               



            , jun. sworn. - The last witness came to me, and said my boy had been robbed, and the boys were just gone past our house towards London; and as soon as they had got from the new row of houses, they made off for Bethnal-green; I pursued them immediately; he described one of them as a shortish lad, and having a leather cap on: I pursued them from Lilly's description; I went about a hundred yards, and there I saw two boys in a field, walking towards Bethnal-green; there is a path in the field; before I overtook them, I run about four or five hundred yards; seeing a man on the left, I called out, stop thief; they both ran directly; I soon overtook this one; he made a stop, and walked before an elderly man, apparently to me a bricklayer's labourer; he seemed to shelter himself before this man; I took this one, and the other ran away; when I brought him back to my father's house, I took him to the constable, and there he was searched; the butcher's lad said he was one of them.
Q.(To Lilly.) You saw the prisoner at the bar when Bindby was taking him to the constable? - A. Yes; I know him to be one of the boys that was behind Humphries.
Prisoner's defence. I was coming down Hackney-road, I came from Shoreditch church, so right down the road; I never went across London fields that day; I know nothing about it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 14.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
