





236. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HAYNES
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of January
, a silver watch, value 42s. and a pair of shoes, value 3s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Shill
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
CATHARINE SHILL sworn. - I am the wife of

                  John 
                  Shill
               



            : On Saturday the 15th of January, a young man brought the prisoner Haynes to our house, and asked me to give him a night's lodging; the watch was hanging over the mantle-piece; I went out about ten o'clock in the evening, and left nobody in the room but the prisoner; I was not out above two minutes, he was coming out of the door as I came in, I thought he was going into the yard; as soon as I came in, I missed the watch, I am sure it was hanging there when I went out; the prisoner never returned to our house; I saw the prisoner on the Tuesday after, in custody; I never saw the watch; my husband valued it at two guineas; after the second hearing, the prisoner told me, if he got me my watch again, I might clear him at the sessions; I told him, he ought not to have brought it to that, I did not know what I could do.
Q.Was the prisoner sober or in liquor? - A. He had been drinking some liqor, but he told me he was not drunk.
JONATHAN TROTT sworn. - On the 19th of January, the prisoner was given into my custody, by a Mr. Davis, he was locked up; some little time after, I went to him, and asked him what he had done with the woman's watch.
Q.Had you made any promise to him, or threatened him? - A. No; he said the watch was very safe, it was in the hands of a very respectable friend of his, and that he got sixteen shillings on it, and if I would ask Mr. Davis, his solicitor, for sixteen shillings, he would go with me and get the watch out; I agreed to that, and as I was going out, I met him coming in, he gave me a guinea; I then told the prisoner I would go with him, and get the watch out; he said, he would not, unless he had a guinea given to him, and the promise of a free pardon; I told him such a thing could not be done, and I gave the guinea back to Mr. Davis; after he had been before the Magistrate, I heard him tell the prosecutrix, if he had got her the watch, he hoped she would forgive him; she said, he should have mentioned that before, that was all the answer she gave him.
Prisoner's defence. This witness offered me a guinea, if I would find the watch; I have no witnesses, I am a stranger in London.
GUILTY, aged 29.
Of 


               stealing goods to the value of 30s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
