






141. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WARTON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     MAYLIN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of January
, forty pounds weight of copper, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Anstie
                  




               
            ,


                  GEORGE 
                  ANSTIE
               



             sworn. - I am a furniture printer
, in the Strand: On the 12th of January I employed Mr. Watty, of Vauxhall, to take some copper from a house of mine in Bond-street


, and to relay it with lead, the two prisoners at the bar were the two men that came to do the business; about two or three days afterwards, from information I received by another workman

, I went to Bow-street, and two officers went with me to Mr. Buckingham's, in Swallow-street, and there we found the copper.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You live in the Strand; this house is in Bond-street; you let it out? - A. No; it is a house that I am repairing.
Q. You do not, yourself, superintend the work? - A. I was there every day.

Q. Did you go with the officers to Buckingham's? - A. I did.


                  JAMES 
                  ROBSHAW
               



             sworn. - I am a plasterer, I was going to see what o'clock it was, I was up in the garret on the 16th of January, I looked down, and saw Warton doubling up some copper, and putting it under a piece of mat; I went down and informed 
               
                  Robert 
                  Ewster
               



            , who slept in the house, that they were doubling up the copper; we then went into the two pair, and looked out of the window, and saw Warton putting it into a basket; they were at work close to the one pair window, on the plat, where they left the basket; I saw no more, I went to my dinner.


                  ROBERT 
                  EWSTER
               



             sworn. - Q. You slept in the house? - A. Yes: About twelve o'clock Robshaw came down and let me know what they were doing, in consequence of that, I went up, and saw what he has related. I saw Warton put it into the basket, the other prisoner was standing close by; they made use of the words, when they were doubling the copper up, that the copper was too small; then I went to my dinner, I dined in the room that they go out on the plat; I saw Warton come in at the window with the basket under his arm, and Maylin followed behind; I suspected what they had in the basket, and after they were gone, I opened the window, and there I saw Warton going with it under his arm, he went round Burlington-gardens; I went to a window that looked into Burlington-gardens, I saw Warton carrying it under his arm, and Maylin followed him behind; I then shut the window and went down stairs, and followed the prisoners, I lost sight of them by the time I got down; when I got near them I saw them in Swallow-street, standing near a pewterer's shop; then I saw Warton give Maylin some money; I suspected by where they stood, that that was the shop where they had sold it.
Q. Who keeps that house? - A. Buckingham; I saw Mr. Anstie the next morning and told him what I had seen the afternoon before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATKINS
               



             sworn. - I was desired by Mr. Kinnard to go to Swallow-street, to Buckingham's house; I went there and found some old copper, and in consequence of information, I apprehended the two prisoners at the bar. (Produces the copper.)


                  THOMAS 
                  BUCKINGHAM
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 24, Swallow-street, I am a pewterer and brazier, I bought this copper of the two prisoners, and gave them ten-pence a pound for it; I believe I bought of the two prisoners in the whole 40 lb. or better.
Q. On what day? - A. Part on the 12th of January, part on the 14th, part on the 15th, and on the 16th I bought seven or eight pounds of copper of the prisoners
Q. Can you shew us what you bought on the 16th? - A. I really could not tell was it ever so, it was all put together inside of the shop.
Q. (To Prosecutor.) Does all the copper belong to you? - A. I judge so, because I have missed as much more as is here.
Q. (To Ewster.) Which is the one taken in the basket? - A. I cannot tell.
Q. Is there any part you sold there? - A. Yes, this one piece.
Q. You went there for the purpose of detecting this? - A. Yes; he told us what he bought of the two prisoners afterwards, when we found him out, but not at first.
Mr. Gurney. Q. How long was it before you found him out? - A. I informed him on the Thursday, as we found him out on the Wednesday.
Q. Before you sold this last parcel, you informed your master of it? - A. No, after we had sold this last parcel; we sold this on the Queen's birth-night, on Friday the 18th, and on Saturday they were apprehended.
Q. (To Buckingham.) When did you buy it? - A. I cannot directly say.
Q. It is another piece, sold on a different day? - A. I cannot tell whether they came on a different day or together.
Q. Take another piece, when did you buy that? - A. In the course of the four purchases.
Q. When did you buy your purchases? - A. First on the 12th of January, second on Monday the 14th, third on Tuesday the 15th, and the fourth on Wednesday the 16th; they are all here, I believe; the greatest part was brought on Monday, I believe, that was twenty pounds; eight pounds on the 15th, eight pounds and a half on the 16th, six pounds and a quarter, I believe.
Q. Do you know which parcel it is you bought on the 16th? - A. This is a piece I bought on the last day, I am sure of it, by reason it was put in the fire; it was very thick with lead, I was taken in with it.
Q. Was there any other day on which you purchased any with solder? - A. There were; I did not see it till after I purchased the last time, and then I took a small allowance for it, but not enough. (The witness handed a card to Mr. Gurney.)
Q. You give me this card that I might know your address; is this your writing? - A. It is not.
Q. Whose writing is it? - A. A little boy's of mine, that I asked to put it down, it is merely for a memorandum.
Q. Look at it, and tell me whether it is your's, or your little boy's? - A. It is my writing I see.
Q. Both by this piece of paper, and this card, they do not agree with your evidence: they make the solder sold on the 15th? - A. No, the solder on the 16th.

Q. Now which is correct, your paper or your evidence? - A. Both, I hope.
Q. Take your choice, which is correct, both is impossible; was it Tuesday or Wednesday? - A. Wednesday.
Q. Can you point out any one piece, except that one piece you gave me now, that you bought on the Wednesday? - A. This is another piece I bought on Wednesday, I think there were six pounds and a quarter; they were reckoned five shillings, and for which there did not weigh three pounds of copper when the lead was taken off, it came to four shillings; there were several pieces of this kind.
Q. When you were first questioned by the officer, you said you had bought none? - A. I did not.
Q. When Ewster came to your shop, you told him you had not bought copper of these persons? - A. The young man came into the shop to ask me if I bought copper; I told him I must know whether they got it honestly.
Q. I am asking you, in point of fact, did you or did you not, deny having purchased copper? - A. I do not recollect it.
Q. Will you swear that you did not? - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. (To Prosecutor.) How much copper have you lost in this house? - A. I suppose double the quantity, and more.
Q. What pieces have you matched to your house? - A. Only two or three pieces.
Q. Will you have the goodness to shew us the two or three pieces? - A. These two pieces match exactly; we did not try any more.
The prisoners did not say any thing in their defence, but called three witnesses each, who gave them a good character.
Warton, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.
Maylin, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 49.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
