





173. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of January
, 45lb. of beef, value 24s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Thomas
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  THOMAS
               



             sworn. - I am a butcher
, in Lisle-street, Leicester-fields


: On Saturday, the 10th of January, I lost a piece of beef from my shop; I did not see it taken; my meat was brought back with the prisoner.
 - SUGAR sworn - I am servant to Mr. Thomas: On Saturday, the 10th of January, a person came and told me a man was gone off with some beef; my master ordered me to follow him; I pursued the prisoner; he crossed over in a dark part of Leicester-street to prevent my seeing him; I came up to him, and saw some grease upon the side of his coat, and charged him with having the beef; at that time a gentleman said, here is the beef; we did not then take him into custody; it laid down by the side of him; I picked up the beef, and he ran across the road, and that gentleman followed him; I took the beef on my shoulder, and called out, stop thief, and he was stopped; I am sure the prisoner is the man; I never lost sight of him.
Q. Are you able to swear it is your master's beef? - A. Yes; a buttock and a haunch-bone.
- TASKERVILLE sworn. - I am an artificial feather maker; I was coming through Lisle-street; I saw the prisoner with the beef under his arm; Sugar said, that is the man who stole my master's meat; the prisoner then stopped down and dropped the meat; I said to Sugar, there is the meat, and the prisoner instantly fell down right across the road; he got up, and ran down Leicester-street; before he got to Sidney's-alley, I holloaed out, stop thief; he fell down and was taken.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GORING
               



             sworn. - I heard the cry of stop thief, and saw the prisoner coming with great force; I caught him by the collar; his coming with such force knocked me down, but I never let go my hold till he was secured.
Prisoner's defence. I do not know any thing of it; I was going home when I was apprehended; I never had it in my possession. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
