





534. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DEMPSTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of June
, a child's cloth dress, value 16s. and a cloth gaiter, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Newton
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  NEWTON
               



             sworn. - I am a tailor and salesman
, No. 127, Jermyn-street


: On the evening of the 29th of July, I was coming home, and observed two soldiers
 standing at my door fingering some clothes; I had a suspicion of them, and walked gently to see what they were doing, and just as I got to the door, the prisoner had got a child's dress, and a gaiter hanging to it, which he put into a long cap which is worn in his regiment, and was putting it on his head; I immediately caught hold of him, and took the dress out of the cap; being a tall man, I was afraid to take him, and I went for a constable; in the mean time, the serjeant of his regiment came up, and a young man that I had left with him, delivered him up to him, and he took him to the guard-room; the next day I went to Bow-street, and they sent a man for him.


                  JOHN 
                  QUIN
               



             sworn. - I am a warehouseman in Round-court, in the Strand; I was coming down Jermyn-street, and saw the prisoner at Mr. Newton's door; I saw him take this dress, and put it into his cap; I followed him, and delivered him to the serjeant, while Mr. Newton was looking for a constable; Mr. Newton took the things from him.
Prisoner's defence. I was going home from a fieldday, and met with a comrade just come home from abroad; he said he wanted to buy a dress for his little boy, and going by this gentleman's door, he said he thought it would do; the pin came undone, and, in stooping to pick them up, my cap fell off; this gentleman came up, when I had my cap in one hand, and the dress in the other, and said, I had been stealing it.
The prisoner called his serjeant, who had known him seven years, and gave him a good character as a soldier, but could not say any thing as to his private character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
