





56. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BINGHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of December
, three loaves of bread, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Clark
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CLARK
               



            . I live at No. 38, Chicksends-street, Whitechapel. I am a baker
. On the 1st of December the prisoner took two half quartern loaves and a quartern more than what he accounted for. My brother delivered the bread to him. The prisoner was my journeyman
.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am brother to the last witness. By reason of suspicion, on the 1st of December I watched the prisoner when he took the loaves off the shelves, and counted them as he put them in his basket: he put eighteen loaves into his basket that day, I had suspicion that he had done it every day, and when he returned he told me that he had only delivered sixteen. From information my brother sent for an officer.


                  EDWARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer of the public office, Whitechapel: on Friday the first of December, between eight and nine in the morning, I went to the Hallifax-head, public house; I saw in the bar two half quartern loves and a quartern; I went into the back parlour; I waited there a little time, the prisoner came and took the three loaves, and as soon as he was gone, I followed him, and as he was turning into Brick-lane, I told him I knew him; I said, who do you live with, he said, with a baker down the road; I told him that was false, he lived with Mr. Clarke, the bread that he had got there, was stolen bread. I told him that was not the first time that he had been watched; that he had been watched taking two loaves every morning that week to the public house, and I had no doubt but that he had been doing so ever since he had been with Mr. Clark; he then said that he had never taken any before that week, and begged that I would fetch his master to him, and not lock him up: I asked him if he was a married man; he said no, he kept a girl in some court by West-Smithfield, he was going to carry the bread there.
Prisoner's Defence. The loaves were given to me by a young man, to take to a young man out of place.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
