






194. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THOMPSON
                  



               
            , (a Black), and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BENTLEY
                  



               
            , were indicted, the first for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Carey
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        John 
                        Kelly
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Carey
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of twelve, in the night of the 13th of November

, and burglariously stealing six pair of shoes, value 30s.
             their property; and the other, for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 14th of November

, five pair of shoes, value 25s. part of the same, he well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  JAMES 
                  CAREY
               



             sworn. - 
               
                  Richard 
                  Carey
               



            , and John Kelly, are partners with me, as shoe-makers


, No. 14, Great Saffron-hill



, but I only live there; Thompson lives next door to me, and has done so for above twelve months. At the further end of our house we have a lost, about seven or eight feet high of brick-work, and wood-work above that. Last Friday was a week I examined it, and discovered it was possible for a person to get into it from the adjoining yard, and could come down into our shop.


                  JOHN 
                  WHITE
               



             sworn. - I live next door to Mr. Carey, and Thompson lodged with me: One morning, between seven and eight o'clock, I saw him standing upon some rasters in my yard, by which he could get into Mr. Carey's lost; there had been a chamber there, but the boards were off. I asked him what business he had there; and he said he was getting a bit of dry wood. I never knew any thing amiss of him before.
- CHAPMAN sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Hatton-garden, and examined the premises belonging to Mr. Carey, where I saw, that by pulling one of the boards up, which swung like a swinging partition, a man could get into the lost from the rasters; that afternoon I also searched Bentley's shop, which is an old and new shoe-shop, in Dorrington-street, near Brook's-market, and found four pair of shoes in the window, for sale, which Mr. Carey owned; I asked Bentley how he came by them; he paused some time before he could recollect the description of the man he bought them of; at last he said he bought them of a mulatto man, to whom he paid one pound and sixpence, for five pair, near three months before.
ELIZABETH WHEELER sworn. - I am servant to the prisoner, Bentley: About two or three months ago, Thompson came to sell five pair of shoes, of which these four pair are part; he asked if Mr. Bentley would buy five pair of shoes, that he need not be afraid of buying them, for that he had been on board a ship two years, and could not get any money of the purser, but he let him have the shoes to make money of; then Bentley gave him one pound and sixpence, which he said he knew to be the full value of them, and said, he hoped Thompson came honestly by them; I saw him afterwards sell a pair for four shillings and sixpence, so he got four-pence three farthings by that pair. (The shoes produced, and identified).
Thompson's defence. I was going to work, and found five pair of shoes in the place where I used to get a bit of dry wood, I picked them up, and sold them to Bentley. As for going into Carey's shop, I did not know which way.
Bentley's defence. This man offered me the shoesfor four shillings and sixpence a pair; I said I would give him four shillings; he was going out of the door, and I offered him sixpence more, which he took; and I immediately put them in the window for sale, not knowing they were stolen.
Thompson, GUILTY.
Of 


               stealing, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Bentley, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
