





253. 
               
                  JOHN-BENJAMIN 
                  FELL
               




             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 24th of February
, being employed in the capacity of clerk
 to 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Peddir
                     



                   and 
                     
                        John-Henry 
                        Bluhm
                     



                  , of Gould-square, in the City of London, merchants and ship-brokers

, did, by virtue of such employment, take into his possession of and from Messrs. Newman, Everitt, and Drummond, of London, bankers and partners, a Bank note, value 20l. another Bank note, value 1l. and 12s. 9d. in monies numbered, for and on account of the said Robert Peddir and John-Henry Bluhm, his said masters and employers, and afterwards, to wit, on the same day, fraudulently and feloniously did embezzle, secrete, and make away with, a certain part of the said notes and monies, to the value of 10l. 16s. 5d. the property of the said Robert Peddir and John-Henry Bluhm
            .
Three other Counts. For the like offence, varying the manner of charging it.(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  ROBERT 
                  PEDDIR
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys.
Q. What is your partner's name? - A. My partner's name is John-Henry Bluhm; we are ship brokers and ship owners in Crotched Friars: The prisoner was in our employ on the 24th of February, as collecting clerk, and had been so for ten years; there was freight due from Mr. Lee on the Robert and Sarah, and the Hebe Smith, from Hambro's, to the amount of 21l. 12s. 9d. I have his book in which he kept his accounts (produces it), and on the 9th of March, 1801, he gives credit by the Hebe Smith - Received of Mr. Lee 10l. 16s. 4d. -Every thing he received was entered into this book, and paid over to our cash clerk; there is no other entry of money received on that day, and on the 24th of February, no credit is given for any sum; no other sum was due from Mr. Lee, except what I have stated.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. How long did you say the prisoner had lived with you? - A. Ten years; he served seven years to us; if I had not thought him honest, I should not have kept him.
MIDDLETON WITHERS sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. 
               Q. 
            I believe you are clerk to Mr. Lee? - A. I am, and was on the 24th of February; this freightnote was brought to me but I cannot say what day; these sort of notes are generally left a week or two, to see whether the freight is correct; sometime after it was left, I made payment for it by a draft on Newnham, Everett, and Drummond, of 21l. 12s. 9d. (Produces the draft.)
Q Do you know whether you paid it to the prisoner, or not? - A. I cannot say.
Q Did the person who come put his name on the back? - A. He did.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Do you remember the person who put his name on it? - 
               A. 
            No; and the reason why I am so certain the person put his name to it is, that I always draw up the drafts, and see the persons who take them put their names on the backs of them.
Mr. Knowlys. (To Mr Peddr, shewing him the draft.)
Q Whose writing is that on the back? - A. The prisoner's.

Q. 
            Whose writing is that? (shewing the freight note) - A. The prisoner's.


                  GEORGE 
                  COTTRELL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You are clerk to Messrs. Newnham, Everett, and Co.? - 
               A. 
            Yes; in February 1801, I paid a check of Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Lee
               



            's for 21l. 12s. 9d. by a Bank note of 20l. a 1l. note, and 12s. 9d. in money; this is the draft, but I do not recollect who I paid it to.


                  LOUIS 
                  MICHAEL SIMON
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to Messrs. Peddir and Bluhm, and have the manifest book, and the prisoner's cash book. in which I find an entry of 10l. 16s. 4d. only, as received of Mr. Lee for freight the 24th of February.
Q. Was any such sum as 10l. 16s. 4d. due from Mr. Lee? - A. I really don't know what was due; because it is out of my department.
Prisoner's defence. It was never my intention to defraud Mr. Peddif; I leave it to my Counsel.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
