





131. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     THORP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault upon 
                     Ann
                   the wife of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Pritchard
                        



                     
                  , in the King's highway, on the 11th of February
, and putting her in fear, and taking from her person and against her will, five yards of cotton, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Pritchard
               



            .


                     ANN 
                     PRITCHARD
                  



               
             sworn. My husband's name is 
               
                  William 
                  Pritchard
               



            , we live in Glass-house yard, Goswell-street, he is a waiter
; on the 11th of February, about half past eleven in the forenoon, I was going home; I had been to purchase five yards of cotton, in Beech-street in the city, I had the cotton with me; I was stopped by three women at the corner of Golden-lane


; the prisoner at the bar held me while the others robbed me; the prisoner asked me what I gave a yard for the cotton, the cotton had a bit of paper rolled over the middle, and the ends were uncovered, I had it in my hand.
Q. Three women came up to you; the prisoner asked you what you gave for the cotton. - A. Yes, I told her I gave two shillings a-yard; I was then going to pass on the curb-stone, when she stood against me; the others said I should like that too, and ran away with it down Golden-lane immediately: I held the prisoner at the bar and the other; she twisted my arm and undid the other woman, and she got away herself, I never lost sight of her till she was taken.
Q. Who took the cotton away from you. - A. Not the prisoner, the other, she ran down Golden-lane with the property.

Q. Did you ever find your cotton again. - A. No; I secured the prisoner.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner was one of the three. - A. I am positive, I can take my oath to it.
Prisoner to prosecutrix. Q. When you lost your cotton was not I in the pawnbroker's shop. - A. No, I met all three in the street, at the corner of Golden-lane.


                  RICHARD 
                  PHILIPS
               



             sworn. I am a constable; I took the prisoner into custody the corner of Gloucester-court, Whitecross-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RIDER
               



             sworn. I saw the prosecutrix and the prisoner, they were both holding each other as I was coming up Golden-lane; the prosecutrix let go her hold, and the prisoner ran up Golden-lane; they cried out Stop thief, a plaisterer stopped her in Whitecross-street, and held her till Mr. Philips came up and took her; she is the same person the prosecutrix had hold of.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming by; there was these two women, and an acquaintance of that there woman that has been speaking against me, they were talking about the cotton, she said she gave two shillings for it; her acquaintance said she knew a woman that gave half a crown for it; I went into the pawnbroker's; she had hold of one of the women, I told her if she had any demands on me to have it; I stopped; the neighbours knowing of me, told me to go away; I never took the cotton away.
GUILTY, aged 25.
Of 


               stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
