





512. 
               
                  
                     MARY-ANN 
                     BOYLE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of April
, thirteen yards of Irish cloth, value 2l. 12s, a shawl, value 6d. a half shawl, value 6d. a pair of gloves, value 2d. and an apron, value 6d. the property of 
                     
                        Peter 
                        Forbes
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
PETER FORBES sworn. - I am a victualler
, and keep the White Horse, White-horse-alley, Cowcross


; the prisoner was my servant
; she came to me on the last day of April, and on the 1st of May I took her, with the articles named in the indictment upon her; they were taken out of the one pair of stairs bed-room; the piece of cloth was wrapped round her waist, under her gown; there were thirteen yards of Irish cloth; she had no business up stairs, and upon seeing her go up, I had a suspicion of her, and when she came down, I stopped her, and challenged her with having some of my property about her; she said, no, she had not; I took her into the kitchen, and insisted upon her sitting down till I got assistance; I had nobody in the house; I sent for a constable, and then she pulled the cloth from under her gown.
JOHN BERRY sworn. - I am headborough; I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner; when I went into the house, the cloth was lying on the floor; in consequence of Mrs. Forbes coming to me the next morning, I searched her, and found under her gown the other articles mentioned in the indictment. (Produces the property.)
Forbes. I know this to be my cloth, there is just the quantity that I lost; it was at first twenty-six yards; the half of it had been cut off, and it was cut uneven; I know all the other things, except the gloves.
Prisoner's defence. Distress made me take them.




               GUILTY, of stealing goods, value 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
