





342. 
               
                  
                     ESTHER 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of April
, twenty-eight yards of check kersey, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  John and 
                        
                           
                              Edward 
                              Sylvester
                           







            .


                  EDWARD 
                  SYLVESTER
               



             sworn. - I am assistant to my father, who keeps a blanket-warehouse
, in Goswell-street


: the cloth in question did not exactly belong to me or my father, they were left in the charge of me and my father by Mr. Coxeter, who lives in our neighbourhood, to sell, if an opportunity offered; it was intended for horse-cloths; I did not miss the piece of cloth till Mr. Spicer brought me a pattern of it.
Q. You did not know of its being taken? - A. No, I did not; the officer asked me if I had such cloth in the warehouse; I knew I should have such a thing; he took me to Worship-street, and there I saw the piece of cloth.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HILL
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Macpherson, straw hat warehouse, Maiden-lane: On the 11th of April, as I was in Golden-lane, I saw the defendant with that same bundle of kersey, and her cloak wrapped round it; she went a little way up a court to a girl, and then walked towards Cow-heel-alley, and left the said bundle of kersey in the other court; Mr. Spicer, the officer, and I, went after her, but could not find her; I left Mr. Spicer, and was going home, and happened to meet her in Wood-street; she came up to me, and asked me if I had any demands on her, before I spoke to her; I said, if you are impertinent, I will tell you; with that I went and called an officer; she made her escape, and went into Basinghall-street, we proceeded after her; the officer one way and I the other; I got her in Basinghall-street, and delivered her up to the city officer.
Q. Are you sure this is the woman you saw in Golden lane? - A. Yes.
Prisoner. I do not know the man.


                  JOHN 
                  KING
               



             sworn. - I am a pavior's labourer and watchman; on the 11th of April, between the hours of one and two, I was coming from my dinner; at the corner of Hartshorn-court, Golden-lane, this woman had a bundle wrapped up in a red cloak; she had sat it on the footway in Golden-lane, and was trying to take it up in her arms; she was very much in liquor, and had a deal to do to get it up in her arms; she carried it as far as Two-Brewers court, in Golden-lane; she took her cloak from off it, and said d - n the weight, it is too heavy for me to carry, and there she left it; I thought it was proper to call an officer to take care of the property, and I gave it to Spicer.
- BISHOP sworn. - I live in Two-Brewers court; I saw the prisoner drop a large bundle, exactly at the bottom of Two Brewers-court; she put on her cloak and went away and left it; I took it into my house till Spicer came.


                  JAMES 
                  SPICER
               



             sworn. - I am an officer; I know no more than coming up at the time and securing the property. I produce it. (The property identified by Edward Sylvester.)
Prisoner's defence. As I was going through a passage I saw a roll of something lie on the ground; a man came along; I asked him who it belonged to; I asked him to take it up to some house, and find an owner for it; he said he would have nothing to do with it, I then tried to lift it up myself, I found it was too heavy, I tied my cloak round it to take care of it, till I found an owner; I got it up; it fell down, I could not carry it; I dare say I tried to carry it ten or a dozen times, till I got to a corner of an alley, and there I left it, in the presence of six or eight men; I desired them to take care of it; I would not have any thing more to do with it.
Q.(To Hill.) Did she observe you following of her - how came she to know you again? A. I was standing in the mob along with the rest, I saw her again in Wood-street; she then asked if I had any demands on her.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
