





223. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th of January
, three silk handkerchiefs, value 10 s. and fourteen yards of printed cotton, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Griffiths Richard 
                           Foulkes
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  GRIFFITHS 
                  RICHARD FOULKES
               



            . I keep a shop
 in St. Martin in the Fields


, I am a linen draper. On the 28th of January I was coming in the shop, the prisoner was going out with a great coat under his arm; I saw some silk handkerchiefs under part of his coat not covered; I said to him these are my silk handkerchiefs; my young man came round the counter and secured him; I searched the great coat and there were two quantities of print in it. The great coat belonged to a woman that came in with him; the woman went away; I found fourteen yards of printed cotton in the great coat he had under his arm.
Q. What is the value of the handkerchiefs - A. I value the three handkerchiefs at ten shillings, and the cotton at ten shillings; I had seen them in the shop the day before.


                  EDWARD 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Foulkes.
Q. Were you in the shop when the prisoner came in on the 28th of January - A. Yes; the prisoner and a woman came in together; the woman asked to look at some printed cottons; I shewed them some; they were close together at the time; they bought seven yards; I shewed them a vast deal of different patterns; the prisoner bought three yards of linen at two shillings per yard; he paid me six shillings for the linen; he gave me a seven shilling piece, the shilling was to be left on the gown till nine o'clock in the evening; they asked me to shew them some silk handkerchiefs, I shewed them a great many different patterns; the prisoner bought one silk handkerchief at seven shillings, which he paid for; they went off; the boy in the shop saw the silk handkerchiefs under the coat.

Q. Is the boy here - A. No.
Q. The boy had seen him take them perhaps - A. I cannot say whether he did or not; Mr. Foulkes came in at the time, and saw the same as the boy. I went to Bow street for an officer.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I met with a woman in the street, I asked her if there was a linen draper's shop nigh hand, she said yes; she went with me into Mr. Foulkes' shop; the woman looked at a piece of cotton for a gown, I looked at some Irish linen at two shillings a yard; I told him to cut me off three yards; I paid seven shillings for a handkerchief, and six shillings for the linen, and a shilling was paid for the woman's gown. I was coming out of the shop, the woman asked me to carry the coat while she tied up her apron; the little boy came to me, and said, I had some of his master's property. I went and laid the coat on the counter, and what I had bought, on a great many things; they searched the coat, and told one of the gentlemen of the shop, to go to Bow street for an officer. I was brought into this business; I was quite innocent, I know nothing of the woman; I never met with her before.
GUILTY, aged 23.




               Of stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Wood.
