





440. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BLADES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of September
, three dollars, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gray
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Gray
                  



               
            .



                  JOHN 
                  GRAY
               



             sworn. - Q. What are you? - A. I am a goldsmith

; I live in Billiter-square


.
Q. Have you any partners? - A. Yes, a brother, his name is George; the prisoner lived porter
 with me about four months: On Saturday, the 1st of September, about five o'clock, I was called out of my accompting-house; I was informed the prisoner was seen stealing dollars; I immediately took the man into the accompting-house, I searched him, and found three dollars concealed in his right hand; the prisoner at first denied it, and afterwards confessed it.
Q. Did you say any thing to induce him to confess? - A. I did not; he confessed that he had stole the dollars; when he confessed before the Lord-Mayor, I applied for mercy for him, but on consideration of my being robbed by servants so frequent, I thought it was a duty I owed myself to prosecute him.
Q. Where were they? - A. They were in a drawer under my counter.
Prisoner. (To the prosecutor.) Q. You said to me, if I would confess, you would not do any thing to me; upon that account I acknowledged taking the dollars out of the drawer; as a prisoner at the bar it is the truth; I could take my oath of it; do you remember that? - A. I cannot recollect.
Court. Q. Can you recollect? - A. No, I cannot; if I could, I certainly should not have gone on with the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CUTMORE
               



             sworn. - You are servant to Mr. Gray? - A. Yes, I am a shopman; I was on one side of the counter, and he on the other, where the drawer opens; I saw him shutting the drawer where the dollars were; I thought that he had taken some dollars; I did not see him; I had suspected him several times before; then I informed my master; I called him out of the accompting-house.
Q. Were you present when he confessed? - A. I was.
Q. Did your master say any thing to him when he confessed? - A. No.
Q. Did you tell your master you saw the prisoner shutting the drawer? - A. Yes, I asked him what he was about at the time; when I first saw him, he made me no answer.
Q. Can you tell what quantity of dollars there were in the drawer? - A. No; they were not in a till, they were in a drawer for that purpose.
JOHN BROWN sworn. - I am a constable; I was sent for to take the prisoner in charge; he observed to me it was very unfortunate that he should be discovered, as he was going away from Mr. Gray, it was the first time he had done it; I am not come here to commit the man; as much as I have said is the truth; I produce the dollars.
Q.(To Mr. Gray.) Whether the dollars you gave to the constable at the Mansion-house, were the same dollars that you took from the prisoner's hand? - A. They were.
Q. Was he going from you at night? - A. He was, I had discharged him.
Prisoner's defence. I must leave it to the mercy of the Jury in your hands.
Jury. (To the prosecutor.) Q. How long had he lived with you? - A. About four months; I had a very excellent character with this man; I was very much hurt when I detected him.
The prisoner called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
