





622. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     POVY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of January
, a Bank-note, value 2l. and a Bank-note, value 1l.
             the property of 
               
                  Michael 
                  Coleman
               




            .(The indictment was opened by Mr. Knapp, and the case by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  ELEANOR 
                  COLEMAN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am the wife of Michael Coleman, a seaman
, belonging to his Majesty's ship, Excellent; I had a remittance letter, by which I was to receive from Mr. Davis at Somerset-house, three pounds one shilling and sixpence; he gave me a two pound note, a one pound note and eighteen-pence; it rained very hard, and as I was going along, I turned up Exeter-street, when a gentleman came up and tapped me on the shoulder.
Q. Look round and say if you can see that gentleman? - A. Yes; that is him, (pointing to the prisoner;) he told me, Mr. Davis had sent him after me, that I had four pounds odd more to receive, and I said, thank God for it; then I went with him to the Baptist-head, Chancery-lane; he said, Mr. Davis used to give a great many bad Banknotes, and as I could not read or write, he would tell me whether they were good or bad.
Q. What were you to go to the Baptist-head for? - A. He said, there was an agent there, who was to pay me; I gave him the notes to tell me if they were good or bad; then he told me to take notice of a public-house opposite, the sign of the Grapes, where he said, I should receive a weekly allowance for my children; I looked across the way, and when I turned round again, the prisoner was gone; I put myself against the wall, and said, I am done; I saw the prisoner afterwards at Bow-street, and knew him again immediately, he was taken up upon another charge.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            , Esq. sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You are cashier at the Pay-office, at Somerset-house? - A. I am; I recollect this woman perfectly well; I paid her three pounds one shilling and sixpence; I never saw the prisoner, to my knowledge, before he was taken up.


                  ANN 
                  MANNING
               



             sworn. - On the 2d of August, I met with the prisoner on this side of Chancery-lane, and laid hold of his collar, and never let him go till he was secured; he robbed me on the 20th of July; I am certain he is the same man.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 46.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Hotham
               



            .
