






446. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LAWRENCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of May
, three silver tea-spoons, value 6s. and a silver salt-spoon, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Solly
                  




               
            , Esq.
(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)
The right Honorable the Earl of PORTSMOUTH sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am acquainted with Mr. Solly, Handyside, my servant, went with me to his house in York-place, Portman-square


: On Friday the 1st of May, about half after one o'clock, I saw the prisoner coming up the area steps, and I saw him drop some spoons upon the steps; I did not see him pick them up again.
Court. Q. Did he walk away? - A. Yes, he walked away; I saw him brought back in about a quarter of an hour; I am sure the person that was brought back was the same man that dropped the spoons.
THOMAS HANDYSIDE sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am servant to Lord Portsmouth: I was with his Lordship at Mr. Solly's: I saw the prisoner coming up the area, and drop something; I did not see what it was, I heard it rattle like spoons; there was an alarm of stop thief, and then the prisoner ran away; I saw the same man brought back.
Court. Q. Did he appear to be at all deranged? - A. I cannot say.
DORINDA MEGAN sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I live at Mr. Solly's: On Friday the 1st of May, I saw the prisoner come up the area stops, I had not seen him in the house, I was at the front-door; I asked him who he wanted; he said no one; I said, if he wanted no one, he must have something that was not his own; he made no answer, but ran away; I called out murder; it did not occur to me to say thief; he was brought back with three teaspoons and a salt-spoon, I know them to be Mr. Solly's spoons.
WILLIAM TURNER sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a plasterer: On Friday the 1st of May, I was in York-place, Portman-square; I heard an alarm, and pursued the prisoner, Goodman was with me; he was thrown down by a labouring man a few yards before we came up to him; when we came up, the prisoner put his hand to his right-hand pocket, I seized his hand in his pocket, and pulled his hand out with one of these spoons in it; I put my hand into his pocket and found another; upon which, Goodman searched his left-hand pocket, and found another tea-spoon, and a salt-spoon; we took him back to Mr. Solly's house, and searched him again, but found no more; then Lord Portsmouth sent for a coach, and he was taken to Bow-street.
Q. Did he at all appear to be out of his senses? - A. No. (The spoons produced).
Mrs. Megan. These are Mr. Solly's spoons, they have his crest upon them.
For the Prisoner. Doctor LEO sworn. - Examined by Mr. Bevil.
Q. You are a physician? - A. Yes.
Q. Have you known the prisoner during the last four or five months? - A. Yes.
Q. Are you able to speak to the state of his mind during that time? - A. At divers times I have been called in to him, and found him in a state of insanity.
Q. Have you found, that the general state of his mind was that of an insane man? - A. Yes; it is often the case, that persons in that situation have more scheme and artfulness than others.
Court. Q. And, perhaps, you have known them sometimes pretend to be mad when they are not so? - A. I did not know him before these four or five months; I attended him between three and four months.
Q. How often? - A. Seven or eight times.
Q. Was he-always mad? - A. He always appeared deranged.
Q. What acts did he commit? - A. He was deranged in his mind; every act that was confused and foolish.
Q. Was he fit to have the management of his own affairs? - A. He was not.
Q. When did you perceive he was not sit to have the management of his affairs; did you perceive that the first time? - A. I conceived so.
Q. During all the time you attended him, did you advise any of his friends to confine him? - A. Yes; I advised his wife to confine him.
Q. What business is he? - A. A pencil-maker.
Q. Of what persuasion is he? - A. A Jew.
Q.Did you ever know him, in these acts of infanity, steal any thing before? - A.No.
Q. Was his insanity of a sort that you thought led him to pick pockets, or steal spoons? - A. It seems to me so.
Q. Did you ever know him do it before? - A. No.
Q. Where do you live? - A. At Bevis-Marks, St. Mary-Axe.
Q. Where did he live? - A. I attended him; at one time, in Red Lion-street, Spitalfields.
Q. Why did not you insist upon his friends confining him? - A. I told his wife she should send him to a public place, or a private place.
Q. Had he no lucid intervals? - A. Very little or none at all.
Q. Are you particularly versed in this disorder of the human mind? - A. I am.
Q. Then you are what is called a mad doctor? - A. It is not my particular profession to attend persons under that complaint; I have attended them; we call it the mania.
Q. Did you recommend his relations to call in some person whose particular profession it was? - A. I cannot say that I did; I recommended them to send him to St. Luke's, or some private place.

Mr. Bevil. Q. A man who is deranged will sometimes act like a man in his senses? - A. Yes.
Q. And a man deranged, may be easily worked upon, by an artful person, to do any given act? - A. Yes.
Court. Q. How lately had you attended him before he was taken us? - A. The 2d, 3d, or 4th of May.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You attended at Bow-street, did not you? - A.No; I came too late.
Q. Upon your oath, were you not present at Bow-street when the prisoner was under examination? - A. Upon my oath I was not there.
Q. Not you did not give the evidence that you have given to day before the Justice? - A. No; I was not before the Justice at all.
Q. Though you do not prosess this particular line, you have attended a great many under that complaint? - A. Yes.
Q. It has occurred to you then to bear of a lucid interval, has it not? - A. Yes; several that I have attended have.
Q. When they have these intervals, they have again the possession of their mind? - A. Yes.
Q. You did not see this man after the 4th of May? - A. I believe I saw him on the 5th.
Q. You have heard that this man dropped some spoons upon the area steps? - A. Yes.
Q. Has it often happened to you to hear of a madman stealing spoons? - A. No.
Q. It is more likely for a man to do it in a lucid interval than in a moment of insanity? - A. He could do it in the paroxysms of the mania.
Q. Have you ever given evidence here before? - A. I believe I have; is that any matter of consequence.
Q. Upon your oath, have you or not been examined as a witness here before? - A. I never took any notice.
Q. Have you not been here twice? - A. Yes.
Q. Have you not been here more than three times? - A. I cannot say.
Q. Have you not been here before as a witness and a Jew physician, to give an account of a prisoner as a madman, to get him off, upon the ground of insanity? - A. I attended here once, but for what defence I have forgot; I do not think I was here more than once.
Mr. Bevil. Q. I believe you are a physician to a jew charity? - A. Yes; and the Societies at large.
HENRY MARKS sworn. - Examined by Mr. Bevil. I am a silversmith, in Hyde-street, Bloomsbury: I have known the prisoner a year and a half; about four or five months ago he came to my shop, and wanted to give me an order for some goods; he wanted so many dozen table-spoons and tea-spoons, and different articles; I asked him who he wanted them for; he said he wanted them to go abroad; I asked him how he came by these orders; and he made different excuses; I looked upon him to be out of his mind; then he wanted some embroidered clothes, which was out of my line of business, and I took no manner of notice of what he said; about three weeks, or a fortnight after, he came again; I asked him what his pleasure was; he said, be so good as lend me a shilling; I was quite surprized when he asked for a shilling, I gave him a shilling, and I waited in my shop I dare say four or five minutes before he took the shilling; he spoke several things, but I did not take any notice of it.
Q. Then his behaviour was evidently the behaviour of a man deranged? - A. Yes.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
