





51. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FREEMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of November
, 82 lb. of sheet copper, value 4 l. and 9 lb. of nails, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Perry
                  



               
            , the younger, 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Perry
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wells
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Wells
                  



               
            , the younger, and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Green
                  



               
            .
Second Count. Charging them to be the property of certain persons to the Jurors unknown.
(The case was opened by Mr. Reynolds.)


                  THOMAS 
                  GARRETT
               



             sworn. - I am foreman to Messrs. Perry and Wells (proves the firm); the prisoner was a watchman
 belonging to the dockyard at Blackwall: On the 16th of November the prisoner's watch-box was opened by a person of the name of Moore; I saw a great deal of copper, to the amount of ten new sheets, and a parcel of nails, iron, and copper together.
Q. Do you know to whom it belongs? - A. It certainly belongs to the firm; we had been using that sort of copper.


                  CHARLES 
                  MOORE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Reynolds. I am a labourer in the yard: On the 16th of this month I went with the last witness to the prisoner's box; I had the key delivered to me by a person of the name of Hawkins, who found the property there.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HAWKINS
               



             sworn. - I delivered the key to the last witness; I received it from Mrs. Freeman.
Q. You delivered the same key to Moore? - A. Yes.


                  MARY 
                  FREEMAN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Reynolds. Yesterday fortnight I went to the Police Office, where the prisoner was in custody; I saw him, and he delivered to me a key, which he desired me to give to Hawkins to give to Moore, to give to the foreman of the yard for the watch-coats; I gave it to Hawkins.
Q. (To Garrett.) Were their great coats in the boxes? - A. Yes.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HOLEBROOKE
               



             sworn. - I am an officer (produces the copper and nails); they were delivered to me on the 27th of this month by Garrett.
Garrett. This is the copper I found in the watch-box.
Q. Had any body access to that box but the prisoner? - A. I should think not; he had the key.


                  JOHN 
                  GILBERT
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to Messrs. Murray: these sheets of copper are marked in going through the roller; it is a private mark: I can swear to its being Messrs. Perry's property; we had just got the copper in; I received the copper the day before, and gave a receipt for it; there was a ship to be cleared at that time; the watch-box was two hundred yards or better from the ship; the copper was along-side the ship, on the dock.


                  RICHARD 
                  COX
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Reynolds. Q. You were a watchman on the Saturday night? - A. No, I was seeing the men go on; I am the Sunday watchman in the yard; the prisoner was a watchman on Saturday night; I saw him go upon duty.


                  MICHAEL 
                  JENKINS
               



             sworn. - I apprehended the prisoner about a quarter past six o'clock on the Sunday morning; he was taken to the Police Office, and detained for a misdemeanor till the Wednesday.
Q. How near the premises did you stop him? - A. Within 20 yards of one part of the premises.
Court. Q. From the Sunday to the Wednesday had any body access to this watch-box? - A. I believe not; nobody had any business there.
Prisoner's defence. I found it honest and just, and put it there for safety till Monday morning.



               GUILTY
            , aged 44.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
