






572. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     ROBSON
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of June
, nineteen yards of muslin, value 4l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Wells
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wells
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        Benjamin 
                        Gilgrest
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Neville
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        William 
                        Wells
                     



                  , and William Neville
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  ROBERT 
                  PALMER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am servant to Messrs. Wells and Company; 
               
                  William 
                  Wells
               



            , and William Neville, live in the house: One the 9th of June, the Prisoners came to our shop, between four and five o'clock; they came into the back shop; I was at that time behind the left-hand counter.
Q. Who else was there in the shop? - A. Jones, Robinson, and, I believe, Alwright, were in the back shop.
Q. Did you serve them immediately? - A. No; I was obliged to go into the front shop for some thread.
At the time you went into the front shop was there any muslin laid on the counter? - A. There was; 
               
                  Mary 
                  Johnson
               



             bargained, bought, and paid for some thread; the muslin was left in the back shop. on the counter.


                  GEORGE 
                  ALWRIGHT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a servant to Messrs. Wells and Company: On the 9th of June, the prisoners at the bar came into our back shop; I saw Palmer, the last witness, serving the prisoners with some thread; he had occasion to go into the front shop; I then saw Mary Johnson cross from the west to the east counter, to look at some artificial flowers which were hanging over the counter, where there were some muslins lying; I saw her take some muslins, and put them under her cloak; but upon looking round, and observing that I was looking that way, she put them down again; she then came across to the left-hand counter, where I was standing, she staid there some time looking at the threads, and then Palmer returned; Mary Robson stood before 
               
                  Mary 
                  Johnson
               



             between me and the counter; then I saw Mary Johnson cross a second time to the right-hand counter, and take the muslin off the counter, and conceal it under her cloak; she then came over with Mary Johnson to the left-hand counter; I went round the counter and told Mr. Jones of it; I then challenged her with the theft; Mary Robson was close to her when I challenged her with it; she moved about, and I saw the muslin lying close by where she was standing; I sent up to my master; a constable was sent for, and they were taken into custody.
Q. Had you seen the two prisoners conversing together? - A. Yes: they were talking together just before I challenged Marry Johnson; I picked up the muslin, put my mark upon it, and gave it to the constable; there were nineteen yards of it in the whole.
Q. What is the value of it? - A. Four pounds.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Johnson had her back to you the first time she went over? - A. Yes.
Q. There were artificial flowers, you have told us, hanging over the muslins? - A. Yes.
Q. That was an article of great sale at that time? - A. Yes; we have sold a great number.
Q. Though you had seen that which you have represented, when her back was towards you, you did not at that time charge her with any thing? - A. No.
Q. When she went towards the counter the second time, was her back towards you then? - A. Yes; and Robson was standing partly on one side of her.
Q. The artificial flowers hung over? - A. Yes.
Q. Was her back towards you then? - A. Yes.
Q. Were there no muslins upon the west counter? - A. No.
Q. Are you sure of that? - A. I had put them away.
Q. Do you mean to say there had not been muslins there? - A. There had; Mr. Palmer had been serving there.
Q. Did you lay hold of her when you came to the other counter? - A. No.
Q. When you came round, you found the muslin on the ground? - A. No.
Q. And you did not see her drop it? - A. I did not.
Q. Do you sleep in the house? - A. No.
Q. Mr. Wells, and the other gentleman, sleeps in the house? - A. It is the dwelling-house of one of the Mr. Wells's, I cannot say which, and Mr. Neville.

Q.The rent of the house is paid by the partnership? - A. Yes.
Q.Robson staid in the shop, as well as Johnson, after the muslin was picked up? - A. Yes.
Q. Did not Johnson offer any of you to go to her own house with her? - A. Not that I know of.
Court. Q. You say the whole partnership contribute to this house? - A. Yes.
WILLIAM JONES sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am shopman to Messrs. Wells and Company: In consequence of the information of Alwright, I went behind the counter opposite the prisoners, and watched them; I observed the muslin drop from Mary Johnson, the prisoner at the bar; I cannot say I saw it drop from her, but it dropped in an oblique direction, and as it fell, touched her clothes; then Mr. Gilgrest came, and they were secured.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  GILGREST
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q.Whose dwelling-house is it in which you carry on your business? - A. It is the the dwelling-house of William Wells, and 
               
                  William 
                  Neville
               



            .
Court. Q. Are there no apartments in which the other partners sleep? - A. No; they have no residence there at all.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. You are not excluded from the right of entry, and doing your business in the shop? - A. No; we are excluded from eating, drinking, and sleeping there.(
               
                  Alexander 
                  Auld
               



            , the constable, produced the property, which was deposed to by Mr. Gilgrest).
Mr. Knowlys contended, that Mr. Gilgrest, and Mr. Peter Wells, were proprietors of that part of the house from which the property was taken.
Mr. Gilgrest Mr. Wells, and Mr. Neville, pay for living in the house so much per annum to the trade; they occupy all the parts of the house but the shop.
Johnson's defence. I solemnly declare I never saw the muslin, till they brought it from the front shop to the back shop.
Robson's defence. Mr. Gilgrest said, if I could produce any respectable man in the City, I should go about my business; I offered to take him to my own house, and he should be satisfied that I was a respectable person in every respect.
Mr. Gilgrest, She certainly made that offer.
Johnson, GUILTY (Aged 45.)
Robson, GUILTY (Aged 30.)
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not in the dwelling-house
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
