





839. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of September
, five shirts, value 10s. five napkins, value 5s. one table cloth, value 1s. and a muslin handkerchief, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Adams
               




            .


                  ANN 
                  ADAMS
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 46, Broad-street, Carnaby-market; I am a widow
, and take in washing and mangling
; I had the things to mangle, and am responsible for them: On the 18th of September, about a quarter after six o'clock, I put them up in a bundle, and put them on the child's head, and bid him take them to No. 6, Norfolk-street, Middlesex-Hospital, and deliver them to Mrs. Saville; about a quarter before seven, he returned without them; they were brought to me next day, by four o'clock in the afternoon.


                  ROBERT 
                  ADAMS
               



             sworn. - (After being examined as to the nature of an oath,) - I received the things from my mother, tied up in a coarse cloth; I put them on my head, and going along, I saw the prisoner at the corner of Wells-street, Oxford-street, opposite Berwick-street; I first met a tall man, who asked me what my name was, I said, 
               
                  Bob 
                  Adams
               



            ; says he, where are you going with those things; I told him, and he said, that's a good boy, make fraste; in about two minutes after, I met this man, says he, Bob, an't you coming along with those things? - I said, yes; says he, how much do they come to? I told him, three-pence; says he, have you got change? I said, no; then, says he, here is two-pence, and I will pay the penny another time, and he took them off my head, and put them under his arm, and walked away; I ran after him, and he took hold of my hand till he got to Berner's-street, and then he let go my hand, and said, he was going right with the things; I went home and told my mother.
Cross-examined by Mr. Agar. Q. You never saw that man before? - A. No, nor till many weeks after; I let him take the things which were brought back the next day.


                  JOHN 
                  ASHTON
               



             sworn. - (After being examined as to the nature of an oath.) - I live within a few doors of Bob Adams, and went with him to take the things; there was a tall man came up to Bob, in Poland-street, and asked him his name; he said, 
               
                  Bob 
                  Adams
               



            ; in about two minutes after, that man met him at the corner of Wells-street, and said, Bob, an't you coming with those things, and whether he had change, he gave him two-pence, and afterwards took them off Bob's head, and put them under his arm; Bob ran after him, and asked him if his name was Saville, and he said, yes.


                  HENRY 
                  LOVETT
               



             sworn. - I belong to Bow-street; I went after the prisoner immediately, on information on the 18th, but we could not find him; on the 23d of this month, I took him in company with Miller. (The things produced and identified by Mrs. Saville.)



                  MARY 
                  HIBBERT
               



             sworn. - The things were brought to me by Miller, who desired me to take them to No. 40, in Broad-street, he said there was something missing; I did so, I went back, and we received two shirts from Miller the same day.
Cross-examined by Mr. Agar. Q.These things Miller gave you, that belonged to Mrs. Adams, except two shirts, which he said he would bring? - A. Yes; and I took them all to her, and I was afterwards taken into custody.


                  GEORGE 
                  SAVILLE
               



             sworn. - I did not see either of the boys in the street, nor did I give authority to any person to take them.
Prisoner's defence. I leave it to my counsel.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
