





285. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Billingay
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of twelve at night on the 3d of March
, and burglariously stealing therein, a copper coal scuttle, value 12 s. a pewter wash-hand bason, value 2 s. a pewter quart pot, value 1 s. four towels, value 1 s. a tablecloth, value 1 s. thirty-two pound weight of lead, value 2 s. a copper, being a fixture, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Billingay
                     



.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BILLINGAY
               



            . I live at White-horse-gate, Ratcliff


. On the 4th of March, between six and seven o'clock in the morning, I came down stairs and found the kitchen door of my house open; to the best of my knowledge it was shut with a spring lock the night preceding, but the bar was not put up. I missed the copper with the lead round it, that was a fixture to the house. I missed a copper coal scuttle, and all the articles mentioned in the indictment.
Q. Were these things found any where. - A. They were found the next morning; I have seen them since, they are mine, they were taken from the kitchen.
- MATHEWS. I am a watchman. On the 4th of March, at three o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner in London-street Ratcliff, with the copper on his shoulder; the other articles I saw were in the copper when he throwed it down. I took him in custody.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I found the copper, I was going by the sugar-house-yard, I went in to ease myself; the gate was open, the copper was standing there with something in it. I took it away and the watchman stopped me with it.
GUILTY, aged 50.




               Of stealing to the value of Thirty-nine Shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
