





771. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH-ALFORD 
                     SAVILLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of October
, a mustin gown, value 20s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Renaud
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  RENAUD
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 51, Lower Brook-street


, with my brother: On the 11th of October, about eleven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner, in company with an elderly man, came to my brother's house; the prisoner enquired for lodgings; I told him it was a second floor; he turned to the elderly man, and said, shall we go up stairs; he answered, with all my heart; then they went up stairs, and I went with them; in going up, they went into the first floor; I said, gentlemen, these apartments are lett; I said it was a second floor I was to shew them; they went up stairs, and the prisoner observed it was the same shape as the room on the first floor; they then went into the bed-room, and on looking out at the back window, observed that the situation was very airy; he then enquired concerning a servant's bed; I told him there was a kitchen for the servant, with a bed in it; he said that was awkward, but he would look at it; they then went down stairs, I went with them; then they again went into the first floor; he said he should like those apartments much better, and asked whether they wouldsoon be to left; I said they would; he then asked who lodged in those rooms, whether the gentleman was in the army; I replied, no, he is in the navy; he said, if he, the gentleman, would bear a-hand, another sailor would soon follow him; the old man answered and said, a proper sea phrase; he then went into the bed-room on the first floor; he said, he liked that much better, because he thought it was larger; I said I thought them equally the same size; he said I could not be correct, but he would ascertain it, by stepping up to see; he went up, and I was going to follow, till I recollected I should leave the other man in the gentleman's apartments; he was gone the space of a minute or better; at that time the told man was talking to me about the price of the lodging; I heard the prisoner returning, and the elderly man went down towards, the street door; the prisoner came into the first floor, and spoke to me, but I cannot recollect what he said, it was about the size of the room; I then observed a piece of a cotton band hanging from under his hat.
Q. With his hat on? - A. Yes; I said, pardon me, sir, what have you there; he said, it is only the string of my hat; whether in my hurry I knocked his hat off, or whether it came off by touching the band, I cannot say, but the hat fell, and I think the prisoner caught it, for it did not fall to the ground; I then saw a gown in the crown of his hat; I said, that is my gown; he then threw it on the bed in the other room; the door which goes out of one into the other was open: he said, I am a man of honour, and a gentleman, you cannot suppose a person of my appearance would be guilty of taking a gown, I merely did it out of a hit of fun; I then laid hold of him, and brought him down stairs, and when he was on the first floor landing, he called out, Jack, Jack; the street door was open when he came down; I still had hold of him, and called, stop him, stop him; a little girl who was in the house hearing me scream, came up from the kitchen; she screamed, and at that time the prisoner broke from me, and went out; a young man, of the name of Joseph Simpson, was standing at the door; I said, stop him, stop him, he has stole my gown; he then went after him; the prisoner was brought back by Simpson in about five minutes, and then he was taken to Marlborough-street; I am sure the prisoner is the same man; I saw nothing more of the elderly man.
Q. In what part of the room was your gown lying? - A. In a drawer belonging to the wardrobein the back room of the second floor, I had seen it there on the Sunday morning, this was on the Monday; it is a Japan Muslin gown. (Produces it).


                  JOSEPH 
                  SIMPSON
               



             sworn. - I am a bricklayer, I was employed at Mr. Renaud's; I was standing at the door, and saw an elderly man ran out of the house; about two minutes after the prisoner came to the door, and the lady said, stop him; I was going to stop him, and he went back to the lady, and the lady directly laid hold of him; the elderly man was then outside the door; the prisoner said, Jack, Jack; the man said, d - n you, and immediately ran away; the prisoner then got away from the lady; he got a few yards off, between a run and a walk; the lady desired me to run after him, for he had stole her gown; I immediately ran after him, I ran into Bond-street, and there I saw a mob before Mr. Dalby's, a silversmith; directly that I went up to the door, the prisoner came out, clapped me on the back, and said, I will go back with you to the lady myself.
Q. Had you said any thing to him? - A. No; I immediately laid of him, and when he got into Brook-street, he said, I will go and fetch the other man, he has got the gown; I said, never mind, I will take you first, and fetch the other man afterwards; I took him to the lady's house, and from there we took him to Marlborough-street.
Prisoner's defence. I came down stairs with the gown in my hand, it was lying on the bed; the lady said, I was going to stealher gown; she seemed very timid and frightened; I told her she need be under no apprehension of my taking it, it was not my intention; I then threw it on the bed in the first floor, and told her not to be a alarmed; I desired her to sit down, and be perfectly reconciled; I went down stairs, supposing she was perfectly reconciled, having her gown left there; when I got near the door, the brick layer's boy was standing at the door; the lady immediately followed, and took hold of me by the arm; I stopped a considerable time, and then she called, stop him; she let go my arm, and I was walking on; I went as far as Mr. Dalby's shop; when I went in, Mr. Dalby was very much surprised at seeing such a mob round the door; seeing the bricklayer's boy standing at the door, I came to the door, and told him I should return back with him to the lady very quietly, and I returned back to the lady's house; some people came into the parlour where I was, and they sent for a constable; not finding a constable, they proposed going to a Magistrate, and I was taken to Marlborough-street. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
