





245. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  CROUGH
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of February
, a pocket-book, value 2d. a handkerchief, value 4d. four papers of garnets and studs, value 1s. and four pawnbroker's duplicates, value 1d. the property of 
                     
                        Isaac 
                        Carcass
                     




                  , privily from his person
            .
ISAAC CARCASS sworn. - I am a lapidary
, and live in Suffolk-street: On the 8th of February, between eleven and twelve at night, I was standing in the crowd at the Pantheon


 door, to see the people go to the masquerade, when I had my pocket picked; I did not feel any body do it, but found it turned inside out; in about five minutes after that the prisoner was taken and carried to the watch-house; I followed to see if he had my property; when he was searched, they found it on him.
JOSEPH GREGORY sworn. - I am a constable, and was at the Pantheon, on the 8th of February; I did not know the prisoner, but saw him getting behind a hackney-coach, and several people trying to get hold of him, saying, he was a pick pocket; I immediately catched hold of him, and pulled him down, upon which he struggled and fought very much: an officer belonging to Marlborough street came up; and as we were dragging him out of the kennel, we saw this pocket book drop from him, which the officer picked up; we then took him into the Pantheon, and searched his coat pocket; I took four handkerchiefs out, and some pieces of cotton; the officer took some out of another, and then we took him to the watch-house; going along the prisoner threw himself down, d - d his eyes, and said he would go no farther; we expected he would be rescued, his companions were so numerous; at last we charged a soldier to assist us, who fixed his bayonet, or else we should not have secured the prisoner; when we got him to the watch-house, the prosecutor said he had lost his book, which he described, and which was the same as dropped from the prisoner.
WILLIAM JACKSON sworn. - I belong to Marlborough-street: On the 8th of February, it being Masquerade night, I went to the Pantheon, about a quarter past eleven; I saw the prisoner endeavouring to escape, and helped to apprehend him, as Mr. Gregory has said. (The articles produced and sworn to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I was going out of the mob between two hackney-coaches, when somebody laid hold of me, and said, I was a pickpocket; they took me into the Pantheon, where I was searched, but nothing found; those things were brought in afterwards. GUILTY, aged 30.




               Of stealing, but not privily
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
