





272. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     GREVILLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of March
, a purse, value 6 d. two half-guineas, and a seven-shilling piece
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Reddington
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  REDDINGTON
               



             sworn. - On Sunday, the 17th of March, near one o'clock at noon, I had been to St. Patrick's chapel, at St. Pancras


, and just as I was coming out of the chapel, a young lad told me that my pocket was picked, and here, says he, is the man that picked it.
Q. What did you lose? - A. Two half-guineas and a seven-shilling piece; Major 
               Bird
            , my acquaintance, being with me; he was younger and stronger and more athletic than me; the boy shewed him the man; he took hold of him by the collar and seized him; a woman cried out, whoever has lost a purse, I have it; she gave me the purse, and I knew it to be my purse.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. There were a great concourse of people? - A. There were.
Q. It was impossible for you to tell who might have taken your purse or who might not? - A. I did not perceive it.
Q. The woman that had got the purse is not here? - A. No.
- VAUGHAN sworn. - I live with my brother; he is a shoemaker at Charing-cross: On that day I was standing at the chapel door; I took notice of the transaction; the prisoner was walking quite close to Mr. Reddington; I did not see him exactly put his hand into his pocket, I saw him as he 
               drew
             the purse out, and snatched it; I said to Mr. Reddington, you have got your pocket picked; I said, that is him; he was trying to make off. (The purse produced.)

Prosecutor. I really believe it is my purse.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
