





331. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TATNELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of November
, a piece of Russia sheeting, value 6 l. twenty eight yards of Russia sheeting, value 4 l. thirty yards of Russia duck, value 4 l. 10 s. five pound weight of packthread. value 6 s. and six hand brushes, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Butts
                  




               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Bolland.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STUDWICK
               



            . Q. I believe you superintend Mr. Butts's business. - A. I do.
Q. Had you the care of the accompting house. - A. I had, I left it locked, and the windows were all safe. I was the last person that was in it.
Q. Did it contain property in it. - A. Yes.
Q. State to the court what property was in it. - A. One piece of Russia sheeting, and one piece that something was cut-off, and thirty yards of Russia duck, about half an hundred weight of sailing twine, and eleven balls of packthread.
Q. You left this property there on the evening of the 20th. - A. Yes. When I came between seven and eight in the morning, there were four squares of the window frame broken in, so that a man could get in; I found on going in several things displaced. I found both the desks broken open, but nothing in the desk was taken, but all the things I have mentioned were gone. On the 3d of March, eleven balls of packthread, and nine balls of twine.
Q. Had the prisoner ever worked for Mr. Butts. - A. Yes, he drove one of Mr. Butts's teams, from the 4th of May, till the 11th of July.
Q. Did he use to come to the accompting house to be paid. - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know in whose service he was at the time of the robbery was committed. - A. He worked at Mr. Moorin's.
Q. In consequence of the property that was brought to you, what did you proceed to do. - A. I procured a search warrant; I searched the prisoner's house on the 8th of March, accompanied with the constable Evans, 
               
                  John 
                  Willan
               



            , and my son; the constable and Evans entered his room first; they found these pieces of Russia shetting, some of them in pieces, as if a woman was at work at them. I found a piece of Russia duck, some of which was made into a bed tick.
Q. How much of the Russia duck was there in all - A. Thirty yards; one sheet was made of it, and the piece that was left corresponded with that made up in sheeting and the bed tick; he also had a smock frock and trowsers made of the Russia duck.
Q. Did the smock frock, sheet, bed tick, trowsers, and the piece that was left, make up about thirty yards. - A. I should suppose so. We also found a brush in his room.
Q. When did you see the prisoner. - A. The next morning. I was not present when he was taken up.
Q. Has Mr. Butts any partner. - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Arabin. Do you knowthat house in which you found these things to be the house of the prisoner's. - A. I was directed to it as his house by the person that let it him.
Q. Then you do not know excepting what that person told you, that it was his house. - A. No.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MOORIN
               



            . - Mr. Bolland. You are a farmer living at Hatton. - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know the prisoner. - A. He worked for me near a month, till the 28th of November; for the last fortnight he worked in the old barn.
Q. What did that old barn contain. - A. Barley.
Q. Of course it was locked. - A. Yes, and the prisoner had the custody of the key most nights but Saturday night, and then he hung it up in the kitchen.
Q. You must not tell me under what circumstances, but did he leave the country, was he discharged by you. - A. No, he went without being discharged by me.
Q. After the prisoner went away did you employ a man of the name of Newton to thrash in the barn. - A. No, I had allowed Mr. Dawes to use the opposite side of that barn, he employed Newton.
Q. During the time the prisoner was with you on the 20th of November was any body employed in that barn but the prisoner. - A. No.
Q. How far is that barn from the prosecutor's accompting house. - A. I should suppose about two miles and a quarter.
Q. Do you know where the prisoner lived. - A. he lived at Hounslow.
JOHN NEWTON. Q. Where do you live. - A. I live at Feltham.
Q. Were you employed by Mr. Dawes to thrash in Mr. Moorin's old barn. - A. Yes. There I found under the roof of the barn, between the boards and the barley, nine balls of twine, and eleven balls of packthread; as soon as I found it I took it to the public house and mentioned what I had found; in consequence of which it was afterwards claimed by Mr. Strudwicke. This is the twine, I can swear to it; here is a hole where a mouse crept in, he hung in there, he was as dry as a bone.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM BROOKS
               



            . I live at Tamworth, I was present at the time the prisoner was apprehended. I am a farmer; when we saw the prisoner the constable said come in, here he is; we saw him in a field; they had just apprehended his wife. I gave chase after him; he ran a considerable way.
Q. Before he ran was any thing said to him. - A. Not a word. This was the 9th of March; he ran for about a mile and a quarter; there was a man a hedging; I cried stop him, he attempted to stop him, he could not; I asked the hedger for his bill, he gave it to me, we ran about a mile and a half farther, then I got up to him, when he got over a hedge. I said surrender; he stopped and held up his fist, I said I will strike you with the bill if you do not surrender. He knocked me down and put his knees on my throat and attempted to choak me; I gave him several cuts with the bill; he bled and got weak; I throwed him off, I said come surrender; he walked on and we took him.
Q. Do you know that the house that was searched was the prisoner's house. - A. His wife told me so afterwards.
Q. Did he at any time claim any of the property that was seized there. - A. She claimed it, but not in his presence; he did not.
Cross-examined by Mr. Arabin. This was at Epsom, a great many miles across the country. - A. I knew he lived in that country.
Q. Was any body else present when this struggle took place. - A. No.
Q. You know that you cut that man's nose in two. A. Yes, it was.
Q. And you also know that he had so many grievous wounds that his life was despaired of. - A. It may be so; I only gave him blows in my own defence.
COURT. Did he ever make any complaints before the magistrate. - A. No, he did not.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I knew nothing about it till I went home; I heard my wife was taken. I went away, they ran after me, and I ran away.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
