






457. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HERBERT
               




             and 
               
                  SARAH 
                  SMITH
               



             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d. of May

, six shirts, value 3l. 3s. a night-cap, value 6d. three pocket-handkerchiefs, value 1s. 6d. four neck-handkerchiefs, value 4s. four pair of cotton stockings, value 12s. two pair of silk stockings, value 16s. a pair of nankeen trowsers, value 16s. 6d. a pillow-case, value 1s. two pair of shoes, value 12s. and a hat, value 16s. the property of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Bourne
                     



                  , in the dwelling-house of Ann-Philip De Loyade
            , and the other for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
Second Count. Charging them to be the property of 
               
                  Ann-Philip 
                  De Loyade
               



            , in his dwelling-house.
ANN-PHILIP DE LOYADE sworn. - I keep a house of the military education
 of young gentlemen at Chelsea



; Mr. Richard, Bourne was a pupil of mine; he had all his apparel at my house, ready to go to India; the prisoner, Herbert, was my servant
; I had missed a great many articles a long while before, which induced me to suspect the prisoner: On the 1st of May I missed the key of my bureau, which was in my study; Mr. Bourne had a trunk and two boxes in the prisoner's room, ready to be sent off; in consequence of suspicion, I got a warrant to apprehend the prisoner, and desired the officer to watch where the prisoner was carrying the goods.
RICHARD BOURNE sworn. - I live in the house of Monsieur De Loyade; I was going out to India; I was a pupil of his, and had my boxes at his house; I missed a great number of articles out of my trunk; I had one in my own room, and one in the prisoner's.
Q. Did you miss them at different times? - A. No, I missed them all at one time; upon suspecting the prisoner, I brought the trunk up into my room, and missed the things; I told Mr. De Loyade of it, and he got two Bow-street officers.
JOHN DIXON sworn. - I am one of the officers of Bow-street: I went with my brother officer, who had the warrant, on the 2d. of May, and watched the prisoner to the lodgings of the woman prisoner; we took them both into the kitchen, andsearched them; I found the key of the room in which I found the things, in her pocket; she went up stairs, and gave me this bundle, (producing it), and said, that was all the property that Thomas had brought; in Herbert's pocket I found these keys, amongst which is a key of his master's bureau; none of the keys open the young gentleman's box; I found another key in his pocket that opened his master's bureau, besides the right one; I also found the key of his master's closet in her room.
Q. Did she say whether they were brought at different times, or at one time? - A. She did not say; I told her whatever there was she had better give me, and she brought me the bundle from behind the bed; in the same room I found some linen which he claimed.
WILLIAM ANTHONY sworn. - I am an officer of Bow-street: On the 2d of May, Mr. De Loyade came to Bow-street, and got warrant to apprehend his servant, Thomas Herbert; I went with Dixon, and watched Herbert to the house where the woman lived, in New-street, there we apprehended them, and serched them; that is all I know of it; I staid below while Dixon went up with the woman.
Mr. Bourne. These things are marked with my name in permanent ink, it cannot be taken out; I cannot swear to the hat, nor the shoes; but the things that are marked I can.
Q. Is there any one article of the value of more that forty shillings? - A. I believe not.
Q.There were no key produced that will open your trunk? - A. No.
Mr. De Loyade. This key opened my bureau, and this key opened my closet.
Q.(To Dixon.) Did the prisoner Smith say that Thomas had brought these things in his hearing? - A. No; it was not.
The prisoner, Herbert, did not say any thing in his defence.
Smith's defence. I don't know any thing of them.
Herbert, GUILTY, aged 31,
Of 


               stealing, goods to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Smith, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, befor Mr. Justice Grose.
