





612. 
               
                  
                     EVAN 
                     GRIFFITHS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of July
, a trunk, value 3 s. two pieces of tabinet, value 7 l. three shirts, value 15 s. a pair of breeches, value 1 l. 2 s. 6 d. six towels, value 6 s. a quilt, value 1 l. two waistcoats, value 8 s. a pair of shoes, value 7 s. a bat cover, value 1 s. 6 d. two handkerchiefs, value 3 s. 6 d. a pocket handkerchief, value 1 s. and two bottles, containing whiskey, value 7 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Davis
                     



.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a bed sacking manufacturer
, I live at No. 60, Whitecross street. On Sunday the 24th of July last, between two and three o'clock, I returned from the country and left my things at Mr. Davis's, the Three Tuns, in Redcross street


; I took my trunk into the back kitchen and left it on the table; I did not come for it till about eleven o'clock the same night, they told me then it was taken away; the trunk contained all the things in the indictment.
Q. Did you ever find any of them - A. No; I received some information from a neighbour.


                  JEMIMA 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I am a tassel maker, I am sister to Mrs. Davis; I know that Mr. Smith brought the trunk to the Three Tuns between two and three o'clock, it was taken into the kitchen, and was there till a little before eight o'clock; I went up stairs to clean myself; the prisoner sat at the table where the trunk was in the same room; I left the prisoner and Mr. Lenty there when I went up stairs; I came down in rather better than half an hour and the trunk was gone.
Q. What became of the prisoner and the other man - A. They were there when I came down; I am confident the prisoner and Mr. Lenty were there.


                  MARY 
                  DAVIS
               



            . Q. How old are you - A. I am just turned of thirteen; I saw Mr. Smith bring the trunk into my father's house into the bar; he asked my aunt if he might leave it there, and if it would be in the way; she said he might take it into the kitchen, and as they were going along I called to Mr. Smith to take it up into the club room, but he took it into the kitchen, sat it on the table and left it there, and said he would call for it in about two hours; a little before eight o'clock the prisoner and Mr. Lenty came in; they called for a pint of ale; my father served them; they sat drinking there till about twenty minutes past eight o'clock; Mr. Griffiths went out; before he returned I went up stairs to my aunt and remained there about ten minutes; my aunt and me both came down together and went into the kitchen and the trunk was gone; we asked Mr. Lenty and the prisoner, he had returned then, who had taken the trunk; they said three men had been in and had taken it away; I immediately informed my father and asked whether three men had been there.
Cross examined by Mr. Gurney. How long before you went up stairs was if that Mr. Griffiths went out - A. He went out a very little time before I went up stairs; I saw him go out.
Q. When you went up stairs the trunk was there - A. Yes.
Q. Therefore you know the prisoner did not take it out - A. Yes.
Q. You was not gone above ten minutes, and when you came down stairs the prisoner had returned to his company and the trunk was gone - A. Yes; I asked them who had taken the trunk; they said three men had been they and there had taken it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I keep the Three Tuns in Red cross street. About a little before eight o'clock the prisoner and Mr. Lenty came in together; they called for a pint of ale; I served them, and I observed at that time the trunk lying on the table; they called for the second pint, which my servant served them; my daughter came to me some little time after the second pint, and informed me that the trunk was missing from the table; the prisoner came to the bar and informed me that three people had come in and taken the trunk away; they had drank a pint of beer and had taken the trunk with them; I thought it a singular circumstance that three people should pass my bar without my observing them; I was almost in the bar the whole time they were in the kitchen; the bar commands a view of the kitchen; I directly called each of my family and asked if they had served any beer, in the presence of the prisoner; they informed me they have not, nor had they seen any three people come into that part of the house; after this the prisoner and Mr. Lenty went out.
Q. What sized trunk was it - A. It was made portmanteau fashion, almost three foot long, there was ring at each end for the convenience of carrying it it was about fourteen inches over; it might be carriedunder the arm: After the prisoner and Mr. Lenty went home, Mr. Smith came to my house about eleven o'clock, he found the trunk was gone.
Q. You are sure that this man came and told you that three men came in and took away the trunk - A. Yes; I dare say he will not deny it himself.
Q. What is the prisoner - A. He is a labourer; Mr. Lenty is a painter, they lived in Cradle court.


                  JAMES 
                  WILSMORE
               



            . I live at No. 9, Cradle court, Red cross street, near the Three Tuns; I saw the prisoner come up the court with a trunk in the shape of a portmanteau.
Q. What time of night was it - A. Between seven and nine o'clock, I cannot be positive to the hour; he had hold of the two ends with the flap towards him; It was about two foot and a half in length; I saw him go towards his own house; I knew it was the prisoner.


                  JANE 
                  STRAHAM
               



            . I was at my father's window in Cradle court, Red cross street: It was after eight o'clock I saw the prisoner turn the corner with a little round trunk, laying hold of it by the two handles, and carrying it before him to his own door.
THOMAS - . I am a constable. On the 24th of July, about half past eleven at night, I went to the prisoner's lodgings in Cradle court, I found nothing there; I apprehended him the next day at the London Docks.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel.


                  THOMAS 
                  LENTY
               



            . - Mr. Gurney. Where do you live - A. No. 10 Cradle court, Redcross street, I am a painter and glazier.
Q. On Sunday evening, the 24th. of July, was you with the prisoner - A. I was; it was mere accident; I met him at the corner of the court; I have known him some time; he asked me very kindly if I would accept of a glass of ale; we went back to the Three Tuns; it must be near eight o'clock.
Q. What room did you sit in - A. I had been in the tap room; the room that we went in afterwards was the kitchen.
Q. Did you see any trunk there - A. Mr. Davis, who keeps the house, pointed out the trunk to us.
Q. Where was the trunk - A. It was in a separate box from where we were sitting, on a table.
Q. How long did the prisoner and you stay there - A. We drank three pints of ale, and the second pint Mr. Davis joined us.
Q. During the time you was there did the prisoner go out a short time - A. Not to my knowledge.
Court. Then the prisoner did not go out at all to your knowledge - A. No; he did not.
Mr. Gurney. During the time you were sitting there, did any persons go into the kitchen - A. When we went in there was a person sitting where the trunk was, drinking a pint of porter, there were a great many people in the tap room, and a great many in the parlour, and there were a great many went out and in while I was there.
Q. Do you remember the trunk being missed - A. No; I do not remember any thing about the trunk being missed, I mentioned it first of all to Mr. Davis, and the prisoner mentioned it as we was going out.
Q. Before the time that you told Mr. Davis of it had you observed any person come into the kitchen - A. There had been some, how many I cannot say, there were two or three that come in two or three times, I believe there were three came in at one time, they were sitting at the extremity of the same table where the box was.
Q. During the time that you were there with the prisoner, do you think that it was possible for him to take the trunk away without your knowledge - A. It was not possible without being perceived.
COURT. He could not take it away, you know, he did not go out you have said.
JURY. Were you perfectly sober at the time - A. I was not perfectly sober, I had taken part of two sixpenny worths of brandy and and water some porter before I went in with the prisoner. I was a little forward.
COURT. Then you never saw any body take the trunk - A. No, I did not.
JURY. I think you said before, that you told the landlord that you saw somebody take the trunk - A. I never understood that any body mentioned it to the landlord.
COURT. The question was, whether you told him any person or number of persons took the trunk - did you or did you not tell the landlord that any number of persons took the trunk - A. I did tell him, to the best of my recollection, that two or three people came in and took the trunk.
Q. Your answer to the very question before was, you said you never saw any body take the trunk - how came the landlord to point out the trunk to you and the prisoner - A. When we came in the landlord came home, and when we went in the kitchen he said we have got a trunk brought here.
Q. And when you went out you told him you saw three people take the trunk - A. There w then a man sitting drinking a pint of porter; there was one, two, or three, I am not certain which; I ld almost swear three; I told Mr. Davis, as we were going home, that three men took the trunk.
Q. How long was that after the sister came down stairs - A. I do not know, I do not recollect her going up nor coming down.
Q. Do you recollect the daughter going up - A. No, nor coming down.
Q. Do you recollect their asking you about the trunk - A. No, they did not ask me about the trunk.
Q. You can be positive about that - A. They did not, but I cannot be certain.
Q. If three men took it, how did they carry it out - A. One man took it out, and laid it across his arm.
Q. Why did not you stop him - A. ad no authority, I did not know it was right to stop him.
Q. How many were there in the tap-room - A. Four or five.
Q. You are sure that 
               
                  Mary 
                  Davis
               



             and Miss Pearce never asked you what became of the trunk - A. I cannot say.
Q. Nor to your friend the prisoner that was sitting next to you - A. Not that I know
Q. You were by him the whole e, were not you - A. Yes, we sat together.
Q. They never either of them mentioned the loss of the trunk to you - A. No, nor to Griffiths, to my recollection.
JURY. How long were you i at house altogether - A. I had been at Mr. Davis from six o'clock till past seven, before I met with the prisoner.
Q. And you took no more the two sixpennyworths of brandy and water - A. I drank little there, I took two six pennyworths of brandy and water, at a friends in Lime street; I had been out away, I had been up to Islington.

COURT. What o'clock did you go into this house the second time - A. Nearly eight o'clock; and to the best of my recollection I staid there till nearly half past nine o'clock.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 34.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty nine shillings only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years.
            

London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
