






612. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2d of October
, fifteen yards of callico, value 45 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Angus
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JANE 
                  ANGUS
               



             sworn. Q. What are you. - A. I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Angus
               



            , I live in Hare-street


, we deal in linen and calico
; between the hours of twelve and one, three weeks ago last Thursday, the prisoners came to purchase some muslin, I was busy serving a customer with calico, I did not see them do any thing, I only suspected that they had the property by the bulk they seemed to have under their gown.
Q. Did you watch them. - A. Yes.
Q. Have not you said before the magistrate that you saw each of the prisoners take hold of a piece of calico. - A. I stepped from behind the counter, I saw them secreting something under them.
Court. Gentlemen, the capital part is taken off now, it is stealing only.
Q.(to prosecutrix) You saw them both in such a way as excited your suspicion - A. Yes, I shut the door upon them, an officer was sent for, I had taken the calico from them, 
               
                  Jane 
                  Smith
               



             dropped her piece, and in my fright I threw it among the others, then I took the piece from 
               
                  Ann 
                  Evans
               



            .
Q. What did you do with that piece. - A. I threw one piece on the counter and one behind the counter, the piece I threw behind the counter I was not able to find it again, the other I put on the counter, I know again.


                  ANN 
                  SEAGOE
               



             sworn. I was in the shop at the time these two prisoners came in the shop, I saw one piece of calico taken from 
               
                  Ann 
                  Evans
               



            ; that one piece I picked up from the floor, that is all I know.


                  JOHN 
                  WOOD
               



             sworn. I am an officer of Hatton Garden. I produce the calico. (The property produced and identified by the prosecutrix.)
Smith's Defence. 
               
                  Ann 
                  Evans
               



             is as innocent of it as as child from its mother's womb; I took the two pieces.
Q. Do you mean to say that you took them both. - A. I did indeed, I declare to God, upon my soul I did.
Evan's Defence. I know nothing of it, I am innocent of it.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 34.






               Confined One Year in the House of Correction
            , and 



               fined One Shilling
            .
EVANS - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
