





658. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MEAD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of October
, a gold ring, value 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Duncan
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  CRESSEY
               



             sworn. - I am apprentice to Mr. 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Duncan
               



            , umbrella manufacturer, toyman and silversmith
, No. 48, Ratcliff-highway


. The prisoner came into the shop and asked for a wedding ring, I presented her a board of rings, she took one and put it on, it was too big, she put it on the board and took another, that being much too big. I told her I would look for a smaller one, upon which she put her fingers to her mouth and put the gold ring in her mouth and took a pinchbeck one out of her mouth and put on the board. I immediately discovered it, I told her she had a gold ring of mine, she denied it. I told her if she did not instantly give it me from her mouth, I would send for an officer; I sent for an officer, he came and put his finger in her mouth, and took the gold ring from under her tongue.


                  SAMUEL 
                  GIBBS
               



             sworn. - I am constable belonging to the parish of St. George in the East; I was sent for on the 19th of October, near one o'clock, to Mr. Duncan's to take charge of the prisoner at the bar, for secreting a gold ring; I searched each side of her mouth and could not feel it, I desired her to open her mouth, I put my finger in and under her tongue, I found the ring which I now produce. (The ring identified by Joseph Cressey.)
Prisoner's defence. I went into the gentleman's shop to purchase a gold ring. I tried on one, which was too big, which was the ring that was found in my mouth. I pulled the ring; off my finger, because I would not mix it with his; I said the gold ring belonged to him.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
