





442. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     VOSS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of June
, twelve pair of stockings, value 2 l. 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Ireland
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  IRELAND
               



             sworn. - I am a hosier
, I live at No. 78, Holborn-bridge


.
Q. What day was it you lost your stockings? - A. On the 20th of June, in the evening, I lost them out of the shop; the prisoner had been in my employ for two or three months.
Q. In what capacity? - A. As a general servant, a porter, and he worked in the frame in making of stockings
.
Q. Is he a soldier? - A. Yes, I knew he was a soldier; on the 20th of June he was employed in cleaning windows and taking down the beds; in the evening, about eight o'clock, Mrs. Ireland took up his hat, which was lying on a secretary in the first floor, and found it was very heavy; she asked me whose hat it was; I said it was the prisoner's; the lining was drawn close up; I opened the lining, and found three pair of stockings contained in it. I then went out, and fetched a constable on purpose to search him, he was then cleaning the outside of the first floor windows; I took the constable up stairs, and called the prisoner, Voss, in; the first question I asked him was to inform me how the stockings came in his hat; he replied he did not know; I observed to him, they could not walk in, they must be put in by somebody or other; I called the constable to come forward, who was then standing on the stairs, to search him; I asked him if he had any thing else about him; he said, no; I saw the constable take the other stockings from him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  TURNER
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I searched the prisoner, and found three pair of stockings concealed in his hat crown; eight pair I took from him between his shirt and his skin, on the right side of him, and one pair I took from the waistband of his breeches; these are the dozen pair of stockings; I produce them.
Prosecutor. (Looking at the stockings.) They are ladies' stockings, they are my property, they have my mark on them.
Prisoner's defence. May it please you, my Lord - My mistress was one that liked a little liquor, and she sent me out several times of the day to get it; she wished me to treat; I told her it did not lay in my power to stand treat, I had a wife and child to support, I could not afford it.
Court. Q. To treat your mistress? - A. Yes, I went out several times in the day to get liquor for her; she told me if I liked to take some stockings to pledge I might; she told me to take them.
Q. Did she bid you to put them in your hat? - A. No, I was to take them unknown to my master.
Q. Have you any witness to prove that - have you any witnesses of any kind? - A. I can get witnesses where I fetched the liquor.
Q. Are they here? - A. No.
Jury. Q. Did you ever pledge any stockings before for her for liquor? - A. Never in my life.
Turner. On searching him, I found two shillings in halfpence in his pocket, which he said his mistress gave him; his mistress had paid him that, it was his day's wages, he said.
Court. Q. What had he to say for himself? - A. He never made that defence at the time, nor did he call his mistress; in taking him to the Compter, he attempted to make his escape from me in Newgate-street.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
