





567. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 8th of June
, two jackets, value 1 l,
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Nash
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  ANN 
                  NASH
               



            . I am a widow, and work at slop work
. I live at No. 5, New-court, Duke's-place


 On Thursday night, the 8th of June, past ten o'clock at night, I was packing up my work, this man ran through the entry, came into the door; my work was just by the door in the lower room, I was counting it; he put his hand in the door, shoved all the rest down; snatched two jackets and ran out of the door with them. There was a woman that worked with me, she ran out and called stop thief, and the prisoner called stop thief. I locked my door and ran out; there was a mob gathered in a minute, the constable had then got hold of him. The jackets were picked up out of the mud, they were given to me in the mob.


                  CHARLES 
                  BLOXHAM
               



            . I am a constable. A little after ten at night, on the 8th of this month, I heard the cry of stop thief; I was in Bury-street, close to Duke's-place. I ran out of the door and saw the prisoner wrestling with two or three men; they charged him with the robbery. I seized him and took him back to the place where they said he had robbed; Mrs. Nash said the man had robbed her of two jackets; she produced the jackets before him.
Mrs. Nash. The woman that followed him, is taken out of the way by bribery. That is the man that put his hand into my door. I am sure of it.
Q. Are you certain that he is the man that came into your passage, and took your jackets away - A. Yes, I am sure of it.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I have been fifteen years at sea; ten years I have served his majesty; I have sailed with sir 
               
                  James 
                  Saumerez
               



            ; in 99 I was on board with Admiral Cochrane. I never wronged a person in my life. I never was before a court in my life. I was on board the Beslisle, captain Darby; I had just come home in the Demourier, West India man.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
