






128. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     IVES
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOUNDLE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of January
, two deal boards, value 1 s. and a sir plank, value 3 s
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Weston
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  WESTON
               



            . Q. You are a timber merchant
, and have a yard in Bethnal Green


. - A. I have.
Q. The prisoners at the bar, I understand, live in your neighbourhood. - A. Ives has a timber yard
 about a quarter of a mile distance from mine. Before I lost the boards in question, I put marks upon them, I marked nineteen deals, called twelve feet deals; one of these are only eleven feet. Mr. Wright marked them in my presence; after hearing they were at Ives's yard, I caused him to be apprehended.
Q. Were you present when the deals were found. - A. Yes, it was on the 4th of January they were found, one at the back of the saw pit in Ives's premises; the other was found on Mr. Ridley, a carpenter; I saw it after it was found, they both were my deals, and both were marked in my presence; I saw them both in my yard on the 2nd, I missed them on the 4th; I also saw a five feet plank, which I knew to be mine, in the possession of Mr. Lawrence; I lost that five or six weeks previous with a great many others.


                  JOHN 
                  GEE
               



            . Q. You are an apprentice to the prisoner Ives. - A Yes, he is a sawyer.
Q. What is Houndle. - A. I know him by sight.
Q. Do you remember seeing him on the 4th of January. - A. Yes, he came to Mr. Ives, and there was money passed between my mistress and him.
Q. Did you see any deal. - A. No, it was as soon as I got up he, told me the deal was at the window; he said are not you up yet; then he went away; he said, he did not want any body; then he come again soon after that, and said you must take this deal in the pin; I put it in the saw pit, he sent me of an errand; when I came back there was another of them on the saw pit; then we went to breakfast. Mr. Ridley came in, he wanted to buy a deal, there was none would suit him but that which was on the pit; master said he would sell it him.
Q. Was that the same that Houndle had brought. - A. Yes, he told me so, Mr. Ridley said he would have one cut put in the deal; master said, it should be done directly; Mr. Ridley said, he was going up to Shoreditch he would call for it as he came back; he came and had it, he gave him him six and ninepence for the deal.
Q. Did Houndle tell you any thing else that you can recollect. - A. No, but several times in the morning, when I have gone in the yard, I have seen deals that have been thrown in the yard. Houndle told me had been up three or four hours that night.


                  JOHN 
                  RIDLEY
               



            . Q. You are a carpenter. - A. Yes. On the 4th of January, I went to Ives's yard, I bought a deal of him; I gave him six and sixpence for the deal, and threepence for cutting it.
Q. In the course of your journey were you stopped by the prosecutor with the deal. - A. Yes, he claimed it.
Q. Is that the deal. - A. Yes.


                  ROBERT 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . Q. You are a carriage maker. A. Yes; I marked nineteen deals with this hammer, by the prosecutor's desire; I have fitted the hammer to the marks in the deals, they correspond.


                  JOHN 
                  RAY
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. On the 4th of this month, going up Bethnal Greenroad I met Ives near his own house; I took charge of him, and took him to his house; I asked him if he had any deals brought him within these two or three days; his answer was that he had none. He has got two small yards, I looked over the first yard; there was none there that Mr. Weston knew; we went a little further from his dwelling house, looking over there there was one Mr. Weston knew was his property; I asked him how he got that, he said it was brought him to be sawed by a person, he could not tell where that person lived; I then asked him if he had not sold a deal that morning: he hesitated for sometime, he then said he had sold one; he told me it was brought by a person that he thought he could make free with to sell it for him. I put my mark on them; this is the deal I received from Ridley, and the other is just here.
The property produced and identified
Houndle's Defence. On the 4th of January, as I was going to work, between seven and eight o'clock, I met a man with two deals; he asked me if I knew any body that could cut him a deal; I shewed him this yard, he pitched them there; I went down and spoke to the boy, I said is your master going to cut these deals for the man; I did not know where the man got the deals; I did not bring them.
Ives's Defence. I was in bed when these deals were delivered in my yard; the boy did not say they were brought by Houndle.
HOUNDLE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
IVES, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
