





385. 
               
                  
                     GODFREY 
                     OSBORN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of May
, a chair, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ingram
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  INGRAM
               



             sworn. - I live in the City-road, St. Luke's, I am a chair-maker
, I was not at home when the chair was taken; I went to the Office, and saw it there on the evening of the 10th of May.
Q. Is your's an open shop? - A. Yes, the chair was standing in the passage when it was taken away; when I received the information, I missed the chair from the passage.


                  MARY 
                  MITCHELL
               



             sworn. - I live in Church-street,Shoreditch: On Friday, the 10th of May, about six o'clock in the evening, a man brought a chair to sell.
Q. Is that the man at the bar? - A. Yes, I think he looks like the man; he was dressed different.
Q. Do you believe him to be the man? - A. Yes; I keep a broker's shop, he brought a chair, and asked my man whether he would buy it of him; my man called me out, and he offered the chair to me; I told him I did not buy chairs in the shop without I knew the people; he told me I need not fear buying it, it was his own, his father had left him two chairs a year and a half ago, he would wish to keep one, and the other he had no use for, he wished to sell that; I asked him where he lived; he said he lived at No. 6, Brick-lane; I told him one of my men should go to Brick-lane, and if he lived there I would buy it of him; he asked five shillings for the chair, and said the man might go with him; and going out of the door, he said, it was not his chair, it was his brother's, and he lived in Drury-lane, his brother lived in Brick-lane; I said I would have nothing to do with it; I told him it would be doing him justice to send for an officer; I sent for an officer, and Vickery came and took charge of him.
- VICKERY sworn. - I am an officer of Worship-street; I was coming past at the time they called me in; I asked him where he lived, and he told me, in Hartshorn-court, Golden-lane; I asked him where he got this chair from, and he told me that his father left him two chairs, and his father formerly lived in Drury-lane; I then took him to the Office, and found he was a soldier in the East-London Militia; the next day the chair was seen by the prosecutor, and he identified it.
Prisoner's defence. On the day this affair happened, I was on duty on the morning; I went home to dinner, and coming along Brick-lane I met a man with a chair on his head; he asked me to buy the chair; he said he had been moving, and he had half-a-crown given him, and that chair being an odd one, he said I should have it for three shillings; I bid him half-a-crown and a glass of gin; he took it; I offered it for sale to get my money back; I asked her five shillings for it, I told her I bought it of a person in Brick-lane, I told her my father was dead, and my brother had a chair like it, and I lived in Hartshorn-court.
(The chair produced and identified by the prosecutor.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
