





330. 
               
                  
                     BRYAN 
                     CALLAGHAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of March
, a flock-bed, value 20s. a bolster, value 2s. a pillow, value 1s. a pair of sheets, value 4s. a blanket, value 2s. and a great coat, value 40s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Copps
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .



                  ANN 
                  COPPS
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of Samuel Copps, a butcher
, in Graham's-buildings, Blue Anchor-alley


: On the 3d of March I sold the prisoner at the bar a large deal box; I told him to take it away; he said, no, he would come again for it; I went with my husband's tea, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, and he came while I was gone; I left a little boy in care of my little girl of five years old; I returned about half past five, I am not certain to a minute; when I came back, I found my bed gone and bedding, and my child very much intoxicated, and beating itself about the floor; it is since dead; I missed all the articles stated in the indictment.
WILLIAM GREEN called. - Q.How old are you? - A.Going of twelve.
Q. Do you go to school? - A. No.
Q. Did you ever learn your catechism? - A. No.
Q. Is it a good thing or a bad thing to tell a lie? - A. A bad thing.
Q. What becomes of people that tell lies? - A. They go to the naughty man. (Sworn.)
Q. You have now called God to witness that you will tell me nothing but what is true - now tell me all that happened? - A. Yes, I do not know what day it was; that man, (pointing to the prisoner,) came in, and sent me for a quartern of gin; he gave me a cup full of gin, and Betsy half a cup of gin.
Q. What did he say he came for? - A. He did not say he came for any thing; then he sent me for another quartern of gin; the bed and the drawers were there when I went for the second quartern of gin; the bed was on the drawers up in the corner; when I came back with the second quartern, the man was gone, and bed and all.
Q. Are you sure that is the man? - A. Yes.
Q. Did he give you money to fetch the gin? - A. Yes.


                  EDWARD 
                  TRING
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: On the 3d of March, between five and six o'clock, I was sent for to a public-house to take charge of a man for stealing a bed; I was not at home; I went in the evening about nine o'clock, when I was sent for a second time; that was not the prisoner, but in consequence of his information I went to Golden-lane, and searched the prisoner's apartment, and found the box; I took that to the watchhouse.
JOHN ELLIS sworn. - I am a patrol: On the 3d of March, about half past seven o'clock, I saw the prisoner go into Black Swan-court, with a bed on his back; I don't know whether he lodged there, but he was in the habit of going there; I knew his person well; I received information about ten o'clock, and apprehended him coming out of Black Swan-court; I took him to the watch-house, and went back again with the prosecutor; we searched several houses in the court; there are but six-houses; we did not find any thing in the houses, but at the top of the court there is a privy, and there we found the bed and bedding, and every thing but the great coat,
- FITZGERALD sworn. - I am a watchman; I assisted Ellis in apprehending the prisoner.(The property was produced, and identified by 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Copps
               



             and his wife.
Prisoner's defence. The gin that she speaks of was fetched before she went out; the boy fetched it, and she and I drank it together.
Q.(To Mrs. Copps.) Had you any gin with him? - A. No. GUILTY.
Of 


               stealing goods, value 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
