





509. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLEUGH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of April
, a frock, value 6s. and four caps, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Gibson
                  




               
            .
SARAH GIBSON sworn. - I live at the White-Lion, St. Catherine's-lane


, near the Tower: On Thursday, the 28th of April, the prisoner was drinking at our house; he asked for a bed; he did not get up the next day till near one o'clock; I missed a striped muslin frock, and four caps; they were in a room adjoining to where he was drinking, I saw them the evening before; I missed them about twelve o'clock on Friday, the 29th, the prisoner was then in bed; when I missed them, I sent the servant up stairs to see if he was gone; he was not; when he came down, I mentioned to him that I had lost such things; he said, he hoped I did not think it was him; my husband was not at home; when he came home, I sent for an officer, and had him searched, and the frock and four caps were taken out of his small clothes; he begged my pardon, he said he was in liquor, and did not know what he was doing.
Q. Was he much in liquor that night? - A. I thought he seemed to pretend to be more in liquor than he was.
Q. Did he go through the room, where the things were, to-bed? - A. No; he went out backwards, about ten o'clock, through that room; the things were on a dresser; there was no light in the room.
Q. You don't remember his going into that room but that once? - A. No, only once.
THOMAS BLACKALL sworn. - I was sent for by Mrs. Gibson on the 29th of April, between one and two o'clock; I took the prisoner into custody; I was desired to search him, which I did; I founda frock and four caps loose in his breeches, in the back part; he said, he was very sorry, he did not know what he was doing, and hoped he should be forgiven - that he was rather in liquor when he did it. (The things were produced and identified by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner. Q.Whether I did not ask her whether the suspected me? - A. I did suspect him, but did not say so, because there was nobody at home but myself.
Prisoner's defence. I am a plumber; the circumstances of my case demands pity: I was going to sail in a few days, I met two persons at the prosecutor's house, and, in the course of the evening, I drank immoderately of mixed liquors; I knew nothing where I was, till I waked in a strange room; I did not know how the things came into my possession; I found them in the morning, and came down to the sitting room, and intended to find an opportunity of dispossessing myself of them; if you should find me guilty, I hope you will permit me to serve his Majesty by sea, which I will do thankfully and faithfully.




               GUILTY
            , aged 24.
Jury. We recommend, that his request to serve his Majesty, may be granted.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
