





202. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of December
, 140 lbs of lead, value 38s. fixed to a certain building called a house
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  West
               




            .
Second Count. Charging it to be fixed to a certain building only.


                  JOHN 
                  WEST
               



             sworn. - I live at Somers-Town


, and am a plaisterer
: On the 5th of December, about eight o'clock in the evening, I lost some lead out of a gutter at the top of a house, it had been fixed about a month; the prisoner was caught by the watchman on the premises.


                  JOHN 
                  BOWERS
               



             sworn. - I am a patrol in the City-road, and was on duty between seven and eight o'clock; every now and then I heard something fall upon the floors in this unfinished house, for near an hour, from the top of the house; at last I heard something fall very heavy, I then called my fellow patrol, an said, there was somebody in it; we searched it, and the prisoner forced his way out f the first floor window, the other patrol took him; he asked where his hat was; he said, he did not know; I said, here it is, where you got out of window; I picked it up, and gave it to him, and he owned it. We then examined the house, and missed the lead from the top; we looked for the lead, and found it rolled up in three rolls, and thrown into the next yard.(Benjamin Taylor, a patrol, confirmed the last witness).(The lead produced and identified.)
Prisoner's defence. I was taken short, and stepped into the house; I was not two minutes there, when a man jumped out of window, knocked down a board, and knocked my hat off; I was going away, and the patrol came up and charged me with a robbery. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 55.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
