





396. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     LOMAX
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of March
, one guinea, four half-guineas, a seven-shilling-piece, a one pound note, a half-crown, three shillings, two sixpences, and a purse, value 1d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Jennings
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  DAVID 
                  JENNINGS
               



             Sworn. - I am a ladies shoemaker
, and live at No. 12, Noble-street, Mary-le-bonne: On the 24th of March, I was returning from Pratt-street, Lambeth, and passing between Whitehall


 and Charing-cross


, I was accosted by the prisoner, with How do you do, serjeant? I thought it was a soldier's wife belonging to the sameregiment with myself; I stopped to hear what she had to say; during the conversation, she picked my waistcoat pocket of my purse, containing one guinea, four half-guineas, a seven-shilling piece, a one-pound note, one half-crown, three shillings, and two sixpences; I seized her by the arm, and accused her, she denied it; I charged the watch with her, she was examined by the constable at the watch-house, and he found the property at the back of her head, in her hair.


                  PHILIP 
                  PILGRIM
               



             Sworn. - I am constable, in the parish of St. Martin's in the Fields: On the 24th of March, between nine and ten in the evening, the prosecutor brought the prisoner into the watch-house, and said, he had been robbed, and explained what it was; I searched the prisoner, and under her cap I found a leather purse, which is part of a woman's glove, containing the property stated in the indictment.
(The property produced, and the purse and note indentified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner. I have nothing to say; I hope you will forgive me. GUILTY, aged 42,
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
