





456. 
               
                  
                     ANDREW 
                     COPELAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of May
, a silver tea-spoon, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Nathaniel 
                     Middleton
                  




               
            , Esq
.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORRIS
               



             sworn. - I am butler to Mr. 
               
                  Nathaniel 
                  Middleton
               



            , No. 47, Portland-place


; I was not at home at the time the spoon was taken.


                  JOHN 
                  CORRALL
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Middleton; the prisoner at the bar came with some wine to my master, there were some spoons laid upon the table in the pantry; after he was gone, there was one missing, he was not in soldier
s clothes at that time.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHEPHERD
               



             sworn. - On Friday the 23d of May, the prisoner came to his quarters, got drinking, and made a disturbance that somebody had robbed him of a silver spoon; upon searching, they found a silver spoon upon the coal-box, which he swore was his, seeing the crest upon it, I took charge of it, and the next morning, learning that he had been to Mr. Middleton's, I sent it there, and it turned out to be his.


                  JAMES 
                  HARRIS
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, I received this spoon from Mr. Shepherd, (produces it;) the prisoner said, d-n my eyes if that is not my spoon now.
Prisoner's defence. I found the spoon, at the corner of Portland-street.
Morris. This is Mr. Middleton's crest; I counted over the spoons and found one short of the number, I have brought the fellow to it. (Produces it.)
The prisoner called his serjeant, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
