





319. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DALTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of March
, thirty-one penny pieces, and two halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Davis
                  




               
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  DAVIS
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Davis
               



            ; I keep a public-house the corner of Union-street


: I was in the bar drinking tea, I heard a noise in a small bed-room over my head, I went up and found the door open and the prisoner in the room; I stood on one side to let him come out; I had never seen him before; I did not speak to him, I was so stunned; he went down stairs, and I followed; my husband was standing at the stair-foot, waiting to know the event of what I had heard; I said, take hold of that man, and he stopped him; the lock of the door had been wrenched off; I went to a writing-desk where we keep what money we have, and missed about thirty penny-pieces, and two quite new halfpence; I picked up a penny-piece on the floor, which had dropped and made the noise that I heard; my husband and three other men took him to the office, and delivered him to an officer.

Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Is there any communication to this room but that which goes through the tap-room? - A. No.
Q. Do you know if any of your lodgers had been in the room? - A. No; nobody goes into that room but myself and my husband; I always make my own bed, so that the servant never goes into that room; I had been in the room not twenty minutes before.


                  HENRY 
                  LEVITT
               



             sworn. - I took charge of the prisoner, at the office; I searched him and found upon him thirty-one penny-pieces, two new half-pence, and a key which tallied with the marks on the door; I tried it.
Prisoner's defence. I had had them in my pocket some time.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 40.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
