





44. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HART
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of November
, three hundred and forty eight penny-pieces, and four hundred and eighty halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Granger
                  



               
            .
Second count for like offence, the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hoffman
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRANGER
               



            . I am a drayman
.
Q. When did you lose your money. - A. On the 24th of November, in Winfield-street, Petticoat-lane


; I went down Catherine Wheel-alley, to carry a cask of beer, about four o'clock in the afternoon, on the 24th of November; and when I came back, I went into Mrs. Beale's shop in Winfield-street; she told me the box of the dray had been broken open, and while I was in the shop the prisoner came past the dray; I went to him, I accused him of taking the money out of the box; he said, me take it out of the box, you say I have got your money, you b - r; presently there were six or seven of his gang came up; 
               
                  Martha 
                  Priest
               



             said, brewer let him alone, or he will do you a mischief, he had given me a blow on the breast, and knocked me down; when I got up he had a knife in his hand. drawn.


                  MARTHA 
                  PRIEST
               



            . I live in Winfield-street; I get my living in the street, selling things in a barrow and on my head; at four o'clock in the afternoon, on the 24th of November, I was looking out of the window; I saw the dray coming along, it stopped there; I saw the prisoner with something in his hand at the lock, at the money box of the dray, it looked bright as a knife; he was trying to get the lock of the till; the till was of the of side of the dray; the drayman came along, the prisoner went away; the dray stopped again, the prisoner went to the lock again, and got it off; after he got it off, he chucked it into a waste bit of ground, that was fenced in; he came back to the till, and took a brown bag from the till, he held the bag in one hand, and the weight of it on the top of the other; after he got the bag out, he walked by the dray till he came to the fore-horses head with the bag, and then crossed the road; then after that he crossed the road again, right facing the turning where he lived; and after that the brewer came out and the woman of the chandler's shop, and I said that was the man that took the bag out of the till; I said to him that George Slashem, has took the money out of the till; the brewer went to look after him, it occasioned a mob about the dray; the brewer went and collared him; he said you have got my money; he made answer, me you b - r, got your money, if you do not let me go, I will knock you backward; he gave him a blow on his breast and knocked him backwards; the brewer immediately he got up he was going to collar him again; I persuaded him not to touch him any more, least be should get a mischief done him; he said he would do him a mischief if he touched him again; the prisoner had a knife drawn in his hand. The next day I went to the chandler's-shop where the brewer stopped with his dray, I saw two officers; I told them if they went over to that ground, they would find the pad lock, where he had chucked it over; accordingly they did find it there, where he had chucked it over.
Prisoner. I want to know how long she has known me. - A. Fifteen or sixteen years.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I am an officer. On Tuesday the 24th of November, this young man came to my house, and said he had been robbed; he seemed to be crying; I went with him to Winfield-street and made some enquiries; I was informed who had robbed him; I went in search of him different times that evening; I could not find him; I was informed the next morning that he was in the Compter; I applied to the lord mayor; they had him there, for what I cannot particularly say; the lord mayor asked me if I had a witness that see him do the robbery; I replied no; he was remanded till I could bring a witness; I brought the witness; this witness told me where the lock was thrown over, I went and found it. I produce it.
Granger. This is my lock, it had been picked, I have got the key in my pocket.
Prisoner's Defence. My lord, it is about thirteen or fourteen years ago that I cohabited with this woman; after being a soldier ten years, I came home; I found this good woman's mother was transported for stealing wet linen; when I came home, she asked me to live with her; I told her I would not; she said she would be revenged of me, she would be revenged of me, she would me an injury, because I would not live with her. I never was in that street that day; I belonged to the royal artillery six years and a half, after that I belonged to the Prince of Wales's royal fencibles at Gibraltar we were all reduced.
Mrs. Priest. I never lived with him; Mr. Griffiths knows me very well.
Griffith. I have known her five or six years; I never heard such a thing, and I have known him some years.



               GUILTY
            , aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
