





383. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     M'CARTNEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of April
, twenty-four yards of printed calico, value 2 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Allenby
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  ALLENBY
               



            . Q. Where is your shop. - A. In Fleet-street


, I am a linen draper
. On the 20th of April, between four and six o'clock in the afternoon, I lost the articles out of the shop; I was in the shop at the time.
Q. Did you see the prisoner come into the shop. - A. Yes, I am sure of her person, there was a young man in the shop at the time, he is not here; the prisoner asked for a small pattern to make patch work. I shewed her several, and she at last fixed on one.
Q. What was the price of that. - A. Twenty pence a yard, she asked for half a yard, and half a yard she had for nine pence; two others came in at the time, and they asked for the same articles; she stopped there; I do not know whether they were in company together, I suspected them all three; and I did every thing in my power to prevent their stealing.
Q. Did they speak to each other as if they were known to each other. - A. There was nothing past. I cannot tell whether she knew them or not, they all went out of the shop together; the other woman bought a yard of another pattern; I did not miss any thing till the prisoner was brought back. From information I went out, I saw Ealand had hold of the woman, he lifted up her apron, and asked me if that was mine, I told him it was; it was a piece of printed calico that was under her apron; I knew it to be mine.
Q. Had she bargained for any thing of the sort. - A. No, I had not shewn it her.
Q. How many yards did this piece contain. - A. Twenty-four yards.
Q. How long before you saw this under her apron, had you seen this piece of calico in your shop. - A. It was upon the counter when she came into the shop.
Q. I suppose you did not see her take it or else you would have stopped her. - A. I did not see her take it.
Q. The other person who was in the shop is not here. - A. No, he was quite in a detached part of the shop, not where she was.
Q. How was this piece of calico in her apron. - A. She had a bundle in a silk handkerchief; with the pressure of her hands she kept it under her apron; when she was brought back into the shop, she immediately dropped the bundle in the silk handkerchief; somebody observed to her, you have dropped your bundle, she said it was not hers; she said the callico that I claimed she had received it of a young woman.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EALAND
               



            . I am a baker. On the 20th of April, about five in the evening, I was coming up Fleet-street, near Mr. Allenby's shop, I saw this woman and two more come out of the shop; I saw a large piece of cotton hanging down below her apron, the greatest part was in her apron, but some part was below it; a gentleman was standing by me at the time I saw her come out of the shop, and turn up Bride's-passage, and she looked behind her; the other woman went towards Bridge-street; Mr. Allenby's shop is the corner of Bride's passage; she turned up there and went strait on; the young man and I said she had stole that piece; I suspected her and went up the passage after her; and I saw the cotton as I walked along at her side; I told her that cotton did not belong to her; she said no, it did not belong to her, it belonged to a little girl that gave it to her at the bottom of the court.
Q. Did you actually see her come out of the shop. - A. I did, there was no little girl with her or near her; Mr. Hindel went to Mr. Allenby's, I held her till Mr. Allenby came, then I pulled her apron up, I said, does that cotton belong to you, he said he believed it did, he knew the pattern; Mr. Allenby and me brought her into his shop; the calico was given to the constable, and she was given in custody.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had occasion to go into Fleet-street, I wanted to buy a piece of cotton, I met a woman, she told me she was coming away from her husband and he was pursuing her; she gave me this callico at the corner of the wine vault door, she told me to follow her to Black Friar's bridge, she would meet me there, I was making a bit of patch work; I went into the shop to purchase half a yard, it was in my apron when the gentleman made a prisoner of me; I thought he was her husband, as I never saw the man in my life.
Q. Is that woman here. - A. No, I do not know where she lives, nor does she know where I am; I am a poor woman with three children, without a father.
GUILTY, aged 44.




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
