





264. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ARNOLD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 6th of March
, two pair of stockings, value 3 s. a petticoat, value 6 d. three aprons, value 6 s. three childrens frocks, value 3 s. two bed gowns, value 2 s. a boy's dress, value 6 s. four pin cloths, value 18 d. five caps, value 7 s. five handkerchiefs, value 5 s. a child's shirt, value 6 d. a pillow case, value 6 d. a tablecloth, value 1 s. three napkins, value 1 s. 6 d. two flannel petticoats, value 6 d. and a tippet, value 2 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Adkins
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ADKINS
               



             sworn. I am a publican
, I live at the old Windsor Castle, High Holborn


; the prisoner came to my house on Thursday the 6th of March, he asked for a glass of gin at the bar, and to go backwards, he went backwards and continued there about four minutes, and then he packed up the things in the indictment; he came back with a bag in his hand, which he put upon the bench in the tap room, he then turned to go to the bar, and said he would pay for the gin, while he was paying my wife for the gin she observed an apron of hers sticking out of his small clothes, she called to me, and said the prisoner had robbed her, at the same time she was drawing a pinafore out of his breeches and an apron; I then laid hold of the prisoner, I asked him what he had got in his bag, he made no reply; I looked in the bag, and found all the things contained in the indictment.


                  MARY 
                  ADKINS
               



             sworn. I am the wife of the last witness. On Thursday the 6th of March, the prisoner came in for a glass of gin, and asked to go backwards, we gave him leave, we watched him into the yard; the things were in the back kitchen half washed.
Q. You did not observe him go there did you. - A. No.
Q. The first thing that attracted your notice was your apron that he had in his breeches. - A. Yes, I called my husband, I had got the apron, and the pin cloth; I asked my husband to lay hold of him; the other things were all wet, he had put them in this bag which he brought in with him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in a fit of intoxication; I do not recollect what I did.
GUILTY, aged 42.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
