





866. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     NEWBURY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of October
, a watch, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ralph 
                           Garrett
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
RALPH GARRETT. I live at 60, Clipstone-street, Marylebone. On the 25th of October, as I was going home, I met the prisoner at the corner of York-street, about 12 o'clock at night. She said, Sir, as it is a jubilee night, will you give me a glass of brandy. I told her on that account I had no objection; I give her a glass of brandy, and had a glass of ale myself; when we came out, she entreated me to walk up into her room, No. 2, York-street


; without hesitation I did walk up, I had no sooner got into the room, than I took my watch in order to wind it up. She took it out of my hand, and said she would wind it up; she went with it into the bed room; I was upon the sofa; she returned in a few minutes; I asked her for my watch, I wished to go home. She said if I made any noise there about my watch, she would bring some people that would settle me. I took the candle in my hand and went down stairs to call the watchman; on my opening the door, a man appeared at the door; I asked him if he was a watchman, he said yes. I told him to take charge of the girl. He said, open the door again, there is a constable behind, let him in, we will do the business more effectually. I opened the door again, and several now came in, and they shoved me out into the street. They were neither of them watchmen. One of them was an hackney coachman, and the other an assistant, or something of the kind; they are on bail for the assault.
Q. Did you ever find the watch - A. No, I went to Marlborough street office in the morning, and went with an officer to the house; the landlady informed me, that she went out immediately after I was gone, and had never came home since.
Q. Are you sure this is the woman - A. Yes, I am sure she was the person, I was sober.
PHENEY PARKER. I keep the house in York-street, where the prisoner lived. I saw this gentleman coming down stairs with the candlestick in his hand. I said, if you please to give me the candlestick I will light you down; he would not give it me. When he called the watch in came four hackney coachmen, I believe they were, two I know were, they pushed him out and shut the door; the prisoner went out soon after. I never saw her again, till I saw her at Marlborough-street; she was taken the night following.
Q. What became of the men - A. They pushed the gentlemen out and then they went out.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the charge, I never saw any thing of the watch, nor a farthing of his money; he was not in my premises ten minutes.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury before Mr. Recorder.
