






563 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     HOLMES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     GILL
                  , alias 
FRAINE





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 11th of August
, seven yards of linen cloth, value 14 s. and sixty yards of ribbon, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Alexander
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ALEXANDER
               



            . I keep a shop
, 128 Brick-lane, in the parish of St. Matthew Bethnal Green


: On the 11th of August, about six o'clock in the evening. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Gill
               



            , with two other women, came into my shop and asked to look at some printed cottons; I shewed her some. She went out of the shop and the other women with her.
Q. Was the other prisoner one of them. - A. No. I received information that a piece of cloth was given to a person outside of the door, which is the prisoner Holmes. I pursued them; they were gone about fifty yards. I overtook them in Church-street.
Q. How many of them were there together. - A. There were the two prisoners, and the other two women; in Shoreditch I come up to 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Holmes
               



            ; they separated. I looked into her apron and found a piece of Irish cloth, which is my property; I took her and the cloth to Worship-street office, and there were four pieces of ribbon the officer found upon Holmes at the office.
Cross-examined by Mr. Reynolds. How many persons belonging to you were in the shop. - A. Three; a brother, and two girls that are not here.
Q. Nothing was found upon Gill. - A. No.
Q. And when Holmes was stopped in Shoreditch Gill was not with her. - A. No.
Q. If any thing was given to Holmes outside of your door, any of the other women might have given it as well as Gill. - A. Yes.
MARIA FRITH. Q. Were you near the shop of Mr. Alexander on the day he has been speaking of. - A. Yes, I was in the street, close to his shop; I observed there was a woman stood by the shop with a baby in her arms.
Q. Look at the prisoners, was it either of them. - A. Yes, that one in the blue gown, 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Holmes
               



            ; I saw a woman come out of the shop with some cloth in her hand.
Q. Was it either of these two women. - A.No, neither of them; I did not see no women go into the shop, nor did I see who was in the shop.
Q. You do not know who the woman was that gave the piece of cloth to Holmes. - A. No. I told Mr. Alexander of it.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  LAMLY
               



            . I live opposite of Mr. Alexander. About seven o'clock in the evening Mr. Alexander came to me and told me he had been robbed: we both of us turned down Church-street, we saw the three women that had been in the shop; I saw Holmes walking about ten yards before them on the same side of the way; I asked Mr. Alexander if that woman had been in the shop, he said no; I walked before Holmes, she was holding her apron up by the two corners, as if she had something in it. I let her go on till she came into Shoreditch; I then went up to her and said you have got something that is not your own. At that instant Mr. Alexander came up and took it out of her lap.
Q. You did not see the three women and MargaretHolmes together. - A. They did not seem to speak at all to Holmes.
JOHN VICKREY. I am an officer of Worship-street. I produce a piece of Irish linen, and four pieces of ribbon. The Irish linen was taken out of her cap at the office, and the four pieces of ribbon I took out of her pocket; I asked her where she got these things, she said they were given her by a woman in the street whom she did not know. The other woman was brought to the office afterwards by Hancock.
JAMES HANCOCK. I am an officer of Hatton Garden. I had information that Gill was in New Prison; I have duplicates in her name and 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Holmes
               



             together.
Q. to prosecutor. You received information from Frith what she had seen. - A. Yes.
Q. Had there been any person in the shop before these women came in, or about the time they were in the shop. - A. None, only the three women that came in together: there had been no one in the shop for about a quarter of an hour before; the three women talked together in the shop, Gill introduced the other women as customers, and they looked at ribbands.
The property produced and identified.
The prisoners left their defence to their counsel, and called no witnesses to character.
HOLMES, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 27.
GILL, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Le Blanc.
