





240. 
               
                  
                     DENNIS 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of March
, a basket, value 1 d. and fifty pound weight of raisins, value 17 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cousins
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cousins
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Sayer
                  



               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  WILSON
               



             sworn. I am carman to Messrs. Cousins and Sayer. On the 26th of March, a little after eight in the evening, I drove my waggon into the Minories


 to Mr. Thompson's shop door, I just went within the door to deliver the bill, and when I came to the waggon, I missed one basket of raisins, I looked round the waggon tail, and I saw a a man with the basket on his shoulder, I made up to the man and asked him what he did with that on his shoulder; he replied I am an officer, carman, you must come along with me; I went with him to the watchhouse, and there I saw the man he had got in hold.
Q. The officer had got the prisoner in custody had he. - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



             sworn. I am an officer On the 26th of March, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I was walking down the Minories, and while the carman was unloading at the shop out of the waggon, the prisoner at the bar took this basket of Malaga raisins out of the waggon, I let him go with it about forty yards; as he was going down a turning I stopped him, we had a struggle together, and he threw it away; I asked him how he came by it, he told me he found it; I gave him into the custody of another person, and I went and took care of the fruit; I saw the waggoner, I said this is what you are looking for, come along with me.
Q. You saw him take it out of the waggon. - A. Yes, he was taken to the watchhouse; I produce the basket of raisins. (The property identified by Wilson.)
Prisoner's Defence. I would with to know if there is any mark or number on it that they could swear to.
Court. It is very immaterial whether they could or not, they saw you take it out of the waggon.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
