





8. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIDSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of November
, a cheese, value 2 l. 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Bailey
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  STEVENSON
               



            . I am a constable; on the 24th of November, about four o'clock in the afternoon, as I was passing down Newgate-street, I saw the prisoner standing in the street; I saw two waggons, one unloading, and the other waiting to be unloaded; I walked on with my parcel to the Saracen's head, Snow Hill; I delivered my parcel and returned up Newgate-street


, and there I saw the prisoner pass the waggon two or three times; upon seeing that, I went to the corner of Warwick-lane, and stood there some minutes; the prisoner came down Warwick lane, he unfolded his apron and let it fall before him; he put this stick I have in my hand under his coat, buttoned his coat, and went down to the waggon; he got into the waggon, turned the wrapper of one side, and got out again; he crossed over the way, he then returned to the tail of the waggon, and took a cheese out of the waggon; when he had got about six yards from the waggon, I stopped him with the cheese in his arms, I sent a lad to the car-man, he took the cheese, I marked the cheese in the presence of the carman, and two other witnesses.
JOHN - . Q. You are the waggoner. - A. Yes, I was feeding the horses all the time, I saw the prisoner go round the waggon several times, I had no suspicion of him taking any thing.
Q. Did you see the cheese again. - A. Yes, a young lad came and informed me of it.
- . On the 24th of November, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the first witness stop the prisoner, with something that he was carrying in his arm. I went over the way to them, and saw it was a cheese; the prisoner was taken to Mr. Clarke's shop, and there the cheese was marked.
The property produced and identified.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
