





603. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THOMAS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22nd of August
, thirty yards of cotton, value 2l. 10s. the property of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Sowerby
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  RUTLEDGE
               



             sworn. - I am foreman to Mr. Robert Sowerby, who keeps a shop-warehouse
 in Fenchurch-street


: On the 22nd of August, a little before eight o'clock, the prisoner came to take out the dust; after he had taken the dust out of the cellar, about five minutes after eight, the porter came up with a candle in his hand, and seeing the closet-door open, asked me if I had missed any thing.
Q. Where was this closet? - A.Just going down the cellar stairs; the porter is not here; I missed fourteen cotton shirts not made up, they were cut out, and laid there to be put out to be made, there were about thirty-four yards of it; the dust-cart was gone, I went through several streets and could not see it; they were brought to me afterwards by a constable; I know them again by the mark, and the pattern of the cotton; the closet-door was shut when they went down; when the constable brought them back I opened them.


                  LEVY 
                  OWEN
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: I saw the prisoner in Petticoat-lane, on Friday morning the 22nd of August, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, with this basket of shirts, (producing it); I asked him what he had got there; he did not know I was an officer; he said he had got a few shirts, he said he was going to sell them; I told him I should take him into custody; he wanted me to let him go, and he would bring the person that had stole them, but I would not let him go; he afterwards told me he took them from Mr. Sowerby's, in Fenchurch-street.
Q.Did you make him any promise, or tell him it would be better for him? - A. No, I did not; he told me they were put into a basket, and covered with the dust; I looked after the other but could notfind him; I have kept the property ever since(The property was deposed to by Rutledge).
Prisoner's defence. I leave it to the mercy of the Court.
Jury. Q. Was the prisoner one of the men that attended the cart? - A. Yes; he was one of the men that carried the basket backwards and forwards.
Court. (To Rutledge.) Q. Is this closet any part of the warehouse where bargains were made? - A. No.
Q. Is it a separate room? - A. Yes.
GUILTY (Aged 22.)
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not privately in the shop
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
