





201. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Crow
                        




                     
                  , on the 22d of January
, about the hour of twelve at night, and stealing therein six saws, value 6 s. and two planes, value 2 s.
             the property of the said John Crow.


                  JOHN 
                  CROW
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 23, Drury-lane


; I am a carpenter
: On the 22d of January my work-shop was broke open; I was at home; I went to bed at half past eleven o'clock; I was the last person up of my family; I fastened the house, and shut the street door; my wife heard a noise a little before one; the work-shop is in the yard, it adjoins the house by a little partition; the door is in the yard; I keep my tools there; I got up, and went to the street door, and called Berkley, and with his assistance saw the prisoner at the bar; he was standing in the yard, leaning on a range; the tools were laying about the floor of the work-shop at the door ready to take out.
Q. Had he any thing in his hand? - A. No; he said he came there to sleep.
Q. How did he get into your yard? - A. He came through the passage of the house; I cannot say whether the door was shut, for we have many lodgers in the house, and they might leave it open, as they do frequently; I seized the prisoner.
Q. What tools were they? - A. Six saws and two planes were lying on the floor.
Q. Where had they been? - A. They had been on the bench, I left them on the bench; I locked the shop door myself on Sunday afternoon at two o'clock, and there were no tools on the floor then; I cannot say the saws were in the chest, but the planes were; the chest was not locked.
CORNELIUS BERKLEY sworn. - I am a watchman; I was called in by the last witness; Mr. Crow informed me there was a thief in the house; I went backwards, and found the prisoner in the yard; it was a little after twelve o'clock, as near as I can guess.
Q. You found nothing on him? - A. Only some keys; the workshop was fastened by a padlock, and the staple that was screwed in was forced out without unlocking the padlock; a little after I laid hold of him he leaned down, as if he was putting something down; I stooped, and found it was an iron hammer; the handle was iron, and at the end it was flat, something like a screw-driver; I asked Mr. Crow if the iron hammer belonged to him; he said, it did not; I looked in the workshop, and saw some saws, and something else, lie close together at the door; I conveyed him to the watch-house; I have the saws here.


                  JOHN 
                  WIGGIN
               



             sworn. - I was constable of the watch-house that night, the prisoner was brought to me.
(The saws produced, and identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. As I was going up Drury-lane, it rained very hard, I stepped into the passage, and there were two men running out; Mr. Crow and the watchman laid hold of me; as for the hammer, I never saw it at all.
GUILTY, aged 23.
Of 


               stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Hotham
               



            .
