





573. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     SLATER
                  , alias 
MORGAN





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault upon 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Cummings,



                   on the 21st of August
, putting her in fear, and feloniously taking from her person, two waistcoats, value 20 s. two shirts, value 20 s. four pair of stockings, value 4 s. five neck handkerchiefs, value 10 s. and one pocket handkerchief, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Cummings
                  



               
            .
Second Count. For the same offence, only laying part of the goods to be the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bayley
                  



               
            , and the other part to be the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Ingle
               



            .
ELIZABETH CUMMINGS sworn. - Q. How old are you? - A. I was nine years old last January.
Q. Have you learned your catechism? - A. Some of it.
Q. Have you learned any prayers? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know that it is a wrong thing to tell a lie? - A. Yes.
Q. Suppose you were to tell a lie is that a bad thing? - A. Yes.
Q. What do you think will happen to you if you are sworn, and say that which is not true? - A. Go to hell.
Q. Were you carrying any thing near Shoreditch a little while ago? - A. I was taking two bundles home from a gentleman in Shoreditch, on a Wednesday, about a month ago as nigh as I can guess, about four o'clock.
Q. You did not know what were in the bundles, did you? - A. No.
Q. Did any body say any thing to you as you were going along? - A. Yes, Sir; she that stands at the bar took them out of my hand. (Pointing to the prisoner.)
Q. Was she meeting you, or did she overtake you? - A. I met her by Shoreditch-church


; she took the two bundles out of my hand, and then gave them to a man.
Q. Did the man go away with them? - A. Yes; she took me up a nasty place.
Q. That was after the bundles were taken away from you, and given to the man? - A. Yes, and she said if I did not hold my tongue, she would chuck me in the ditch.
Q. The man was gone with the bundles then, was not he? - A. Yes.
Q. Did any body come by at the time? - A. Yes, Mr. Durmaine came by.
Q. You were crying, I suppose? - A. Yes.
Q.Are you sure that it was the woman that is at the bar? - A. Yes.
Q. Did Mr. Durmaine stop her? - A. Yes.
Q. Were the bundles brought back? - A. No.
Prisoner. I never saw the child, I was never near Shoreditch-church.
- DURMAINE sworn. - The woman had followed the child from Shoreditch-church to the City-road; she took the bundles from the child in the City-road; I saw the child crying as she was coming and running out of a passage in the City-road


; I enquired what was the matter; she pointed to a woman in the City-road, and gave me information near by the gate-house; I called out to the woman, and she turned down the first turning which turns down to Peerless-pool; I ran after her, and desired the child to follow; I overtook her, and asked her what she had done with the child's clothes; she replied she had never seen the child; I asked her what she did down the passage with the child, and the child said she had taken the clothes; she then said she had seen the child down the passage, she took her there to stand before her while she made water.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BAYLEY
               



             sworn. - Q. Do you know any thing of that little girl? - A. Yes: On the 21st of August I gave her one bundle of clothes to take home to her mother to be washed; the things have never been found.


                  WILLIAM 
                  INGLE
               



             sworn. Q. Had you given any bundle to that child? - A. Yes, I had given my things to her to take home to her mother; she washed for me.
Q.(To the child.) Are these the two persons from whom you received the bundles? - A. Yes.
Q. And they were the same bundles that you received from these men, that the woman at the bar took away from you? - A. Yes.
Q. Are you sure that is the woman who took the bundle out of your hand? - A. Yes, it was that woman.
Prisoner's defence. I never saw the child; I was coming along the City-road, and that gentleman called to me; I heard him say to the child, you say that is the woman that stopped you; he said so, and the Magistrate reprimanded him for it; I had never been near Shoreditch-church at that time; what that gentleman says, is as false as God is true.
GUILTY, aged 36,
Of 


               stealing, but not violently from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
