





679. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WESTERMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 26th of September, in the 48th year of his Majesty's reign, at the parish of Portsea, in the county of Southampton, was married to 
                     
                        
                           Jannett 
                           Baldwin
                        



                     
                  , widow, and that he afterwards, on the 7th of November
 last, did marry and take to wife
, one 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Redman
                        



                     
                  , spinster
, his former wife being then alive
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I produce a certificate of the marriage of the prisoner, and Jannett Baldwin; I examined it with the parish register. It is a true copy, (the certificate read.) Parish of Portsea, in the county of Southampton, Henry Westerman, Batchelor, and Jannet Baldwin, Widow, were married on the 26th of September, 1808, 
               
                  William 
                  Russel
               



            , Curate, the mark + of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Westerman
               



            , Jannet Baldwin.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  STILL
               



            . Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know Jannett Baldwin, widow - A. Yes, I was present at their marriage, they were married at Kingston, in the parish of Portsea, on the 26th of September, 1808, she is living now, she is here present.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  REDMAN
               



            . Q. Were you married to Henry Westerman - A. Yes, I was a single woman, I was married to him at St. Mary-le-bone church


, on the 7th of November last.
Prisoner. Did not you know that I was a married man - A. No.
Q. Had you any fortune - A. No further than my money I had saved up in service, 22 l., he got that from me.
Prisoner. Did not you give me that before marriage, can you deny giving me that money, knowing I was a married man, telling me that my business was as good any where as in London.
Prosecutrix. A. That is false, he had 22 l. of me, and spent it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Wod.
