





622. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LEARY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     LAWRENCE
                  



               
             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of July
, a feather bed, value 2l. two pillows, value 30s. two sheets, value 10s. two blankets, value 10s. two petticoats, value 5s. and two frocks, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Livermore
                        



                     
                  ; two pair of stocking, value 2s. a shift, value 4s. a cap, value 1s. and a pair of black stockings, value 1s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Lewis
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        William 
                        Livermore
                     



; and the other for receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen.


                  ANN 
                  LIVERMORE
               



             sworn. - My husband's name is William, and keeps the George, in Crown-street, Soho




; 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Lewis
               



             is a widow
, and lodges with us: On the Wednesday, Leary was in our house drinking; on Friday evening, I saw him dodging backwards and forwards before the window; he was there from eight to nine in the passage, between the bar and tap-room; an acquaintance of mine treated him with a glass of gin, knowing something of him; I missed him, and sent my little girl to see if he was gone; she said, he was; at eleven o'clock I sent her to bed, she sleeps with Mrs. Lewis; she came down, and said, there was no bed or bedding; I sent for the officer in the morning, as I mistrusted the prisoner, and a woman who was with him; I sent the officer to her apartments, and on the 30th of July, went to the Magistrate's.


                  SARAH 
                  LEWIS
               



             sworn. - I lodge with Mrs. Livermore: I missed the things about eleven o'clockout of my bed-room; I had washed them the day before; an officer was sent for, and we found the things in Lawrence's room; Leary was in the room; I saw a bundle, and knew the handkerchief it was tied in to be mine; I told the constable it was mine; he took it, and brought away all the things that were lost; we asked Lawrence who brought them there; Lawrence said, Leary did; Leary said, Mr. Lawrence, you are an innocent man in this affair, - you let me put them here out of good nature, to befriend me.
Mr. Gurney. Q. You and the constable found Leary and Lawrence in a room? - A. Yes.
Q. Lawrence said, it was his room? - A. Yes; and Lawrence bears an excellent character, as I have heard; he is a picture-frame maker; he was at work at the time we went in; I asked him who brought the things; he said that Leary came to him at a public-house, and asked him to lend him his key, to put some things into his room, - that he was afraid of being seized upon, and had got them away.
Q. Was Leary present? - A. Yes, and said, you are an innocent man.


                  JAMES 
                  MEELING
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: I went with Mrs. Lewis, on the 30th of July, to Lawrence's lodging; he said, it was his own; Leary was standing by the side of the bench, and Lawrence was at work; these two bundles (producing them) were laying on the tool-chest belonging to Lawrence; Lewis said, that is my handkerchief and property; I said to Lawrence, have you any thing more here, and who brought these; he said, that man, meaning Leary; I said, have you nothing more; no, said Lawrence, nothing more that I know of; I went into the bed-room, and found the bed, two blankets, two pillows, and a pair of sheets; I said to Leary, you must go along with me; he began to be a little rumbustical, but I tied his hands together, and searched him, and found a pair of black stockings in his pocket, and a pocket-book; this handkerchief was taken off his neck before the Magistrate, and was sworn to.
Mr. Gurney. Q. What time was it? - A. About nine o'clock; Lawrence was at work.
Q. The account of Mrs. Lewis is correct? - Yes.(The property produced, and identified by Mrs. Livermore and Mrs. Lewis.)
Leary's defence was read as follows: - My Lord and Gentlemen of the Jury, Having an impediment in my speech, and no Counsel or friend to assist me, but what I can adduce to give me a good character, I beg leave to state, that as I was going along, I met two persons, one of whom I knew; I said, I was going to Lawrence's; he said, it would be handy, and would be glad to leave some goods there, as he was going to be seized upon for rent; I went to Lawrence at a public-house, and, got the key of his room; the things were put in, and were to be called for next day, but were not.
Lawrence called nine witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Leary, GUILTY, aged 44,




               Of stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Lawrence, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
