






74. 
               
                  PETER 
                  COCKRAN
               




             and 
               
                  ALEXANDER 
                  WILSON
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of October
, a pair of breeches, value 2s. a coat, value 4s. a pair of stockings, value 1s. two handkerchiefs, value 1s. a pair of mittens, value 1s. a waistcoat, value 1s. 6d. a pair of silver knee buckles, value 2s. and a seven-shilling-piece
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Read
               




            .
THOMAS READ sworn. - I am Captain of the Elizabeth
; in October last she was lying at King Edward Stairs, Wapping


: On Thursday, the 29th of October, I went to-bed a little after ten o'clock on board the ship; the next morning I missed my clothes; the mate was on board, and slept with me; I did not hear any body on board in the night.
JOHN STEVENSON sworn. - I was on board the Elizabeth; I did not hear any thing in the night.
WILLIAM HURGROVE sworn. - On Friday morning, the 30th of October, about two o'clock, I was on the Thames, nealy a breast of King Edward Stairs, I saw a boat pulling across the river, with two men in her; I pulled after them, and found it to be the two prisoners; I asked them what they hod got there; Wilson said, he had got nothing but clothes; he said, he had brought them from Rosemary-lane, and was going on board the Flora, Captain Harvey; one of my men then looked in the boat, and asked Cockran how he came by that boat, and he said the had brought it from the road's end, where the watermen make fast their boats, in order to put Wilson across, who had given him a shilling; we suspected the clothes were stolen, and we took them to the Thames Poilce Office. (Produces the property).
JAMES GOULDING sworn. - I was with the last witness; I know no more than he does, except that I found upon Cockran this long knife. (Producing it).
(Captain Read identified the property).
Cockran's defence. Wilson gave me a shilling to put him over; I never saw these things in the boat till these people came up to us.
Wilson's defence. I belong to the Flora, Captain Harvey, lying at Deptford; I was going to Deptford, and gave this man one shilling to put me over; I am as innocent at the child unborn.

Q. 
            (To Hargrove.) How far was this boat from the Elizabeth? - 
               A. 
            About two hundred yards, not more. Cockran, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.
Wilson, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 33.





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
