






366. 
               
                  BRYON 
                  CAVANAGH
               




             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DENEEFE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 23rd of February
, five yards of plush, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Bloomfield
                  




               
            ; - and
THREE OTHER COUNTS the same as the former, only stating the goods to belong to different people.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I am a custom-house officer; I was stationed on board the Ann in the London docks


, captain 
               
                  William 
                  Reynolds
               



            ; on the 23rd of February last.
Q. Do you know the prisoners - A. Yes; they were lumpers

 on board that ship; I was walking to and fro the ship; looking towards the main hatch I saw Cavanagh with the plush round his body, he was standing there; the other prisoner was putting his jacket over it, endeavouring to conceal it; afterwards Cavanagh came on deck, the mate seized him by the collar and asked him what he had got round him; he said it was his own property; he offered to run; a piece was hanging down his person, the mate took hold of the end of the piece; we took the plush from him. Clark, the constable, was sent for, the mate gave charge of him; the plush has remained in my hands ever since. Deneefe was given in custody at the same time, he said he was innocent; we took them to the police office and returned to the ship; we found the piece in the hold where it had been cut off, and the next morning we found the case where it had been, broken open.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARK
               



            . On the 23rd of February I took charge of Cavanagh and Deneefe; we took them to the police office; we returned to the ship and found part of the piece in the hold; they correspond.
- . I am clerk to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Bloomfield
               



            ; he is an American merchant.
Q. Did you put on board the Ann any plush - A. Yes, on the 17th of February; it is worth five shillings a yard.
The property produced and identified.
Cavanagh's Defence. I was very much intoxicated with liquor; I found it in the hold; I took it up to give it the mate; I put it round my waist not to dirty it in getting it out of the ship's hold; there were two gangs of men working in the hold.
Deneefe's Defence. May it please your lordship, I have been all my life-time bred to industry and hard labour; Cavanagh acted as foreman
; in no respect had I act or part in the transaction than obeying his orders; I was obliged to do what he ordered me; we only worked as lumpers, from Thursday to Saturday.
CAVANAGH, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
DENEEFE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.





               Confined Six Months in the House of Correction
            , and 



               fined One Shilling
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
