





281. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HURT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 15th of March
, a silver tea spoon, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Wright
               




            .



                  JOHN 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am waiter to Mr. Wright, he keeps the Four Swans in Bishopsgate street
, 
               
                  James 
                  Hart
               



             came to our inn, he asked for a glass of rum and milk; I took him a glass of rum and milk into the coffee room, he drank it and paid me for it; he gave me a penny for myself; after that he waited about some time in the coffee room; when I went out of the coffee room, he went to the fire place, and when I went in he went into the box writing; the glass stood before him, and the spoon laid under his elbow; he waited there some time. I suspected that he would take either the glass or the spoon.
Q. He was watching of you, and you watched him. - A. Yes; when he watched me away he came out with the spoon; I met him at the coffee room door, I went into the coffee room to see whether the glass or spoon was there; the glass was, but the spoon was not; I went after him and caught him at the top of the gateway, I brought him back into the coffee room; coming up with him in the gateway he took his handkerchief out with the spoon, and throwed the spoon before me; I pulled him to the spoon and picked the spoon up, and took it to the coffee room. This is the spoon, it is Mr. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Wright
               



            's property.


                  SARAH 
                  WATSON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Wright. As the waiter was bringing the prisoner back I saw him throw the spoon away in the gateway.
Prisoner's Defence. I went into Mr. Wright's coffee room to write a letter; I laid the spoon on the table, took out my handkerchief over the spoon; taking up the handkerchief promiscuosly I put it in my pocket. When I was attacked by the waiter I was confused; I might drop the spoon from my handkerchief; I had no intention of wronging Mr. Wright. It was done by accident.



               GUILTY
            , aged 47.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
