





583. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of October
 a hamper, value 5 s. a pair of boots, value 1 l. a pair of shoes, value 5 s. two shirts, value 14 s. and two pair of stockings, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gilbert
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GILBERT
               



             sworn. I am a waggoner
, I live at Leicester, I drive Mr. Pickford's Manchester waggon.
Q. Where did you lose these things. - A. In Aldersgate-street


, last Monday night, a little before nine.
Q. Where was your waggon - A It was in Aldersgate-street, going out of London to Manchester, here is the man that saw it done; I was at the Bear the corner of Barbican, paying the fourpenny toll.
- COLES sworn. I am guard to the Manchester waggon, I was in Aldersgate street when I last saw these things.
Q. A little before nine in the evening. - A. Yes, I was of the side of the waggon, I saw a man behind the waggon, I went behind the waggon, and I saw the prisoner in the waggon; I asked the man that was following the waggon what he wanted, he said nothing, I told him I supposed he did, or else he would not be so close to the tail of the waggon; then he drawed away, I took my opportunity and got up the ladder, and caught this man in the waggon.
Q. You took the prisoner in the waggon. - A. Yes, I ta'en a man in the waggon.
Q. That is the man is it. - A. Yes.
Q. What had he done in the waggon. - A. He cut the hamper string that hung the hamper hooks to the waggon, I put my foot on the ladder as it hung up behind, and laid hold of his collar; then he got down out of the waggon, and the hamper fell out before him. The hamper was tied inside of the waggon.
Q. You took him in custody, you are sure he is the same man. - A. I am sure it is the same man, and that is the hamper that was inside the waggon.
- ROBINSON sworn. I am an officer of Aldersgate ward. On the 27th of this month, about a quarter before nine, the prisoner was committed to my charge, I took him to the Poultry counter; I produce the hamper.
Gilbert. I am the owner of the hamper.
Prisoner's Defence. I have but a few words to say; I left home about six o'clock, I went to the King's Arms public house, Aldersgate street, I stopped there till about half after eight o'clock; when I came to the corner of Barbican I crossed over the way, I saw a waggon, I asked a man that stood at the Red Lion inn gateway, he had a smock frock on, if I might get up and ride, he said I might; I had not been in the waggon two minutes before I was secured.
Q. How came this hamper to tumble out before you. - A. He said the hamper ropes were cut, I had not a knife about me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
