





360. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE-SAMUEL 
                     WARRINER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 21st of November
, being employed in the capacity of clerk to 
                     
                        William 
                        Bayley
                     



                   and 
                     
                        William 
                        Blew
                     



                  , did receive and take into his possession, of and from 
                     
                        George 
                        Hayes
                     



                  , a certain banker's draft for the payment of 11l. 1s. 6d. for and on account of his said masters and employers, and that he did afterwards fraudulently and feloniously embezzle the said banker's draft; and the Jurors say, that he, in manner and form aforesaid, feloniously did steal it
            .
There were two other Counts, varying the manner of charging the offence.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLEW
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Clifton. I am in partnership with 
               
                  William 
                  Bavley
               



            , perfumer

, in Cockspur-street; the prisoner was our clerk
 to collect and receive money; he kept our books; we had an account with Mr Hayes of 25l. 19s. 2d. due to us for two quarter accounts.
Q. Did you ever receive that money from Mr. Hayes? - A. Never.
Q. Are your books here? - A. Yes, the prisoner kept the waste-book and the ledger. (Produces them.)
Q. Is that sum brought to account in either of these books? - A. No, it is not: On the 21st of January, he went at his usual time to dinner; he did not return that day; but, on the following day, a little girl came with a message that he was too unwell to come to business, and he never returned afterwards; I went round to Deal, Dover, and Folkstone, in pursuit of him; he was at last found at Liverpool; I was directed to him by the name of West.
Q. There are sums accounted for by him after the 21st of November? - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You have no other partner in business? - A. None.
Q. Has Mr. Scarmer no interest in any part of your business? - A. No.
Q. You have other persons collecting and receiving money in your business? - A.It was his business to receive and collect the wholesale accounts in the Westminster part of the town; the wholesale accounts, both east and west, were received by him.
Q. Do you mean to say that no other person received any of the wholesale accounts? - A. There might be a chance case, if a person was going by a person's door, I might have desired him to receive it, but I do not know that I ever did.
GEORGE HAYES sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You are a merchant, in Little James-street, Bedford-row? - A. Yes: On the 21st of November, the prisoner at the bar called on me from Messrs. Bayley and Blew; I paid him a draft upon Dorrien's and Company for 11l. 1s. 6d.
Q. Is there any name indorsed upon it? - A. Yes,"Received for Bayley and Blew,

G. S. 
            WARRINER."
Q. Has that draft been returned since by your banker's as paid? - A. Yes.


                  CHARLES 
                  ROWE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am clerk in the house of Dorrien's and Company, in Finch-lane.
Q. Look at that draft? - A. This draft was paid at our house by two five-pound notes, and the rest in cash.
Court. Q. Do you recollect to whom it was paid? - A. I cannot say.
WILLIAM BAYLEY sworn. - Examined by Mr. Cliston Q. At any time did you receive from the prisoner, or did he at any time account to you for 11l. 1s. 6d. received from Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Hayes
               



            ? - A. Never.
Prisoner's defence. I was intrusted with this money on the day upon which Mr. Bayley never saw me afterwards.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
