





383. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SHAW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of May
, a copper tea kettle, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Page
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  PAGE
               



             sworn. I live at No. 8, Goswell-street


, I am a tin plate worker
. On the 24th of May about eleven or twelve o'clock at noon I just came from next door from having a glass of porter, I came into my shop, I went into the far end of my shop, I saw the prisoner come up towards the door, I goes towards the door, he was gone, I looked at my door to see if the goods were safe, I saw the copper tea kettle was gone, I looked and saw the prisoner with the tea kettle in his hands, I pursued him and got hold of him by the collar, he refused to be laid hold of by me but dropped the tea kettle by me.
Q. Did you secure him. - A. Yes, and I took care of my tea kettle.
Q. Was he drunk. - A. I cannot say, he might.
- COMPTON sworn. I am an officer. On Saturday the 24th of May I was sent for to take charge of somebody, I live about seven doors from the prosecutor; about midway to the prosecutor's house I saw a quantity of people, and the prisoner was standing with this tea kettle I now produce in his possession; the prosecutor gave me charge of him for stealing it.
Q. Was the man rather drunk. - A. He was rather in liquor, he was acute, not very drunk.
Prisoner's Defence. I came from on board aship the same morning, I was very groggy the next morning, I did not know nothing of it nor where I was till one of the keepers told me I was in prison; I have been sixteen years in his majesty's service, I came to look after some prize money.
(The property identified by the prosecutor.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
