





541. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     PEELE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 5th of September
, ninety four pieces of muslin, value 90 l. fifty eight pieces of muslin handkerchiefs, value 63 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John Henry 
                     Eccles
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Eccles
                  



               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.


                  JOHN 
                  HENRY ECCLES
               



             sworn. Q. Who is your partner. - A. 
               
                   
                  John Eccles
               

            , our warehouse is in Cheapside


.
Q. On the 5th of September had you a bail of goods that arrived by the Manchester waggon to your house. - A. We had; I cannot exactly say what time the goods came to our house, it was delivered; I produce the invoice, there was one hundred and ninety two pieces in the whole; altogether was one hundred and fifty five pounds.
Q. At what time in the evening did you see it there. - A. I saw it at the door about half past seven; it was delivered at our door, we had not time to take it in, we were very busy.
Q. How soon after you had seen it did you miss it. - A. I cannot say.
Q. Upon missing it what did you do. - A. There were three or four gentlemen there, we all went different ways, but could not see it, we gave information to the several offices. On Monday or Tuesdayafterwards, we saw some part of the goods at Worship street office, they corresponded with our invoice, I know they were the goods that were sent to us.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gleed.
Q. Do you know of your knowledge of the bale of goods being delivered. - A. I saw it, and I saw the number upon it, I did not see it delivered, it was close to the door, we had not opened it.
Q. All that you saw was a bale of goods at your door with a number upon it, the contents you cannot tell. - A. No.
Mr. Knapp. It was a complete delivery to you as any other goods you have delivered. - A. Yes.
Court. You are accountable for the value to the manufacturer. - A. Most assuredly.
What is the name of the manufacturer. - A. Farden and Slater.
Mr. Knapp. Looking at the goods there and looking at the invoice, are you able to say they are the goods they sent you. - A. Yes.


                  EDWARD 
                  WEBB
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. You are the porter to these gentlemen, were you present at the delivery of this bale. - A. I received it myself for my master, about twelve or one o'clock in the day; we missed them just as the clock struck eight; I saw them about half after seven.


                  RICHARD 
                  FERRIS
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am an officer of Worship street. I went to No. 3, Miles's court, Type street, on the 5th of September, at half after ten at night, to the lodgings of Peele the prisoner up one pair of stairs. I knocked at the door, and his wife came.
Q. That is the woman that was tried this sessions A. Yes, the prisoner was not there. On the bed, under the coverlid, I found these thirty-seven pieces of cambric muslins, I searched the room, I took the woman into custody, and I took the property to the office.
Q. That was the same muslin that you shewed to Mr. Eccles. - A. It was, it has been in my possession ever since. I produce it.
Q.(to prosecutor) I ask you, sir, whether that is the same that you saw before the magistrate. - A. Yes.
Q. And that is a part of that which corresponds with your invoice, have you any doubt that it is yours. - A. I have a doubt; from the invoice the quantity does not correspond, they have divided the pieces.
Q. How many yards are in each piece. - A. Two.
Q. Whether two yards in each piece is the same as in the invoice. - A. Yes.


                  DANIEL 
                  BISHOP
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. You are an officer belonging to Worship street. - A. I am.
Q. Did you, in consequence of the information that you received, endeavour to find Peele the prisoner. - A. Yes.
Q. You were unsuccessful till the day you apprehended him, where did you apprehend him. - A. He was apprehended in Pump court near Barbican; we took him in custody to a hackney coach stand, put him in a coach and took him to New Prison; we told the prisoner that if we had been in town that night we should have got the whole of the property; the prisoner said if it was not for the bloody Nosers we should not get half the swags we did. The next day the prisoner behaved very troublesome, he said that he saw us when we came to the Coach and Horses in Fann street. On the day after the robbery he was there and had bees steaks, though we did not see him.
Court. What day was it you were in Fann street. A. The day after the robbery. We were searching after the parties, we went to the Coach and Horses in Fann street; the prisoner said if we had come where he was, we should have a four corner bowl, meaning the bowls that they played with they should have thrown at us; Armstrong and Vickery were present in the coach.
Q. Do you know where the prisoner lodged. - A. I did, I never say him in his apartment, I understand it was his.
Prisoner. You are a bloody villain to say what you have. Gentlemen of the jury, for the sake of a pound or two, these fellows would swear any man's life away.
Bishop. Mr. Armstrong was in the coach, and heard what the prisoner now denies.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. You were with the last witness Bishop. - A. I was.
Q. I ask you whether the conversation that Bishop has been now describing, passed between the prisoner and you in the coach. - Q. I heard nothing about the bowl, with respect to the Swags I did.
Court. Do you know where the prisoner lodged of your own knowledge. - A. I know the court, I never saw him in the room; I was in pursuit of him, and never met him till the 18th, we took him on this charge.
ANH BECKFORD sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. You live in Miles's court, Type street. - A. Yes, I occupy the two pair of stairs.
Q. Do you know the prisoner. - A. Yes, he lodged in the same house as I did, No. 3, on the 5th of September.
Q. Was that the same house that the officers came to. - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see the property found. - A. Yes, at nine o'clock at night, Friday was a fortnight, I was coming down my stairs, 
               
                  Charles 
                  Peele
               



             came in and went up stairs, he called to his wife, he told her to open the door, he had a bandbox on his head. I went to the door and ran my hand against a man; he asked me if he was at home.
Q. How long after that did you see Mrs. Peele taken into custody. - A. About an hour and a half, I heard her call out Peele.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gleed.
Q. You lodge in the same house with Peele the prisoner. - A. Yes.
Q. Your lodging in the house, it is not an unusual thing to see the husband return to his wife. - A.No.
Q. You saw upon his head a milliner's band-box, was it as long as that. - A. It might be full as long as that.
Mr. Knapp. It was long enough to contain that I make no doubt, had it any lock and key. - A. A black lock and key.
Mr. Gleed. Was there a cord round it the same asif it came by a waggon. - A. I cannot say, he seemed to be all of a great heat.
Court. (to prosecutor) How many pieces are there. A. Thirty-seven.
Q. What may be the value of them. - A. Twenty-eight pounds.
Q. You have not been able to recover any more of your property. - A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. I was selling gingerbread at 
               
                  Bartholomew 
                  Fair
               



            . When these gentlemen came in this place, my wife opened a band box with gingerbread nuts, which I had brought there; they had not been gone long before I returned; I was informed that my wife was taken into custody, the people of the house said for God's sake do not come here, your wife is taken up, which occasioned me to keep out of the way as long as the money lasted I had taken at the fair. It was usual for my wife to leave the key for me, when she went out, on the stairs, some one must have brought the goods there, and left them when she was out.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
