





405. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RADFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of June
, a handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Augustine 
                     Sherry
                  




               
            .
AUGUSTINE SHERRY sworn. - I live at No. 16, Broad-street; I am a cutler
; I went on Blackfriars-bridge


 on Friday, the 29th of June, to see the sailing-match; about half-past five o'clock, while I was standing on the bridge, looking towards the boat, Mr. Lewis, who was behind me, tapped me on the shoulder, and said, this fellow, or this man, behind me, has taken your handkerchief; I turned round, put my hand down to my pocket, and found my handkerchief was gone, and at the same minute I saw the handkerchief drop from under the prisoner's coat, on his left hand side; Mr. Lewis, a tallow-chandler, collared him, and took him farther on the bridge, and gave him in charge of two Police-officers; he was taken to a public-house and searched, and some more handkerchiefs found in his hat; I appeared afterwards, on the Monday following, before the Lord Mayor, and he would have sent him on board a King's ship, but it appeared he was ruptured.
- LEWIS sworn. - I went to see the failing-match; my coat was buttoned; I felt a hand against my pocket; I turned round, and saw some suspicious persons near me; I saw the last witness near, and the prisoner was wanting to push in between me and the stone work; I watched him; he found he could not get before me, and he went behind him, put his hand in his pocket gently, and drew out the handkerchief and put it under his coat; some Police-officers were on the bridge, and I gave him in charge.
(- Hart, a city officer, produced the handkerchief, which was identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I was standing reading a paper against the watch-box; I know nothing of the handkerchief.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
