





918. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SPURRIER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 6th of October
, three hens, value 7 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Calloway
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  CALLOWAY
               



            . I live in Tindall-place, Islington


; I keep poultry in my yard. I lost three hens on the morning of the 6th of October, I had seen them safe a roosting on the evening before.
Q. How is your yard fenced off - A. With a wall about nine foot high.
Q. Then these hens must have been taken by some person getting over the wall - Do you know the prisoner - A. No. I saw my poultry again on the morning of the 6th, at the watchhouse; they were dead when I saw them, and the prisoner was in custody. I am quite sure they were mine, they are worth three half crowns.


                  JOHN 
                  HAYDON
               



            . I am a watchman on the morning of the 6th of October, about half past five o'clock, Iperceived a man standing at the bottom of Cross-street, I perceived that he noticed me and drew himself of one side, I immediately went to him, I saw he had a bag on his back, I asked him what he had got, he said he had a bag of fowls, he brought them from Holloway, he was going to Newgate market with them. I took him to the watchhouse on suspicion. I left him in the care of Stratton, the watchhouse keeper.
- STRATTON. I am watchhouse keeper. The prisoner was brought in custody by Haydon the watchman; he had a bag with him, and in the bag were nine hens and a cock; they were all in their feathers.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking in the fields, my business is so confining, I am a watchmaker; it was near six oc'lock when I fell in conversation with a man, he said where are you going, I said for a walk; he asked me to carry this bag for him. I walked to where the watchman spoke of, and at the end of there I missed the man; he went away from me; the watchman said where are you going; I fell back, so the watchman said what have you got; I let him look in the bag, he said, I do not think you came honestly by them, come along with me; which I did. I am totally innocent of the crime.
Haydon. I saw but one man as I know of.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
