





705. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     EALY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of August
, three sheets, value 10s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gwillim
                  




               
            .
JOHN GWILLIM sworn. - I am a baker
, in Drury-lane: On the 20th of August, about ten o'clock in the morning, I was alarmed by Michael Cordy, who brought in the prisoner; I opened his apron, and took out three sheets of my property.


                  MARY 
                  GWILLIM
               



             sworn. - I saw my father take out of the prisoner's apron three sheets; I immediately knew them to be my father's.
MICHAEL CORDY sworn. - I am a coachwheeler: I was going with an acquaintance to have a pint of beer; I observed the prisoner and another man walking up and down Drury-lane; I had some suspicion of them; and in about five minutes I saw the prisoner go into Mr. Gwillim's shop, and come out again with something in his apron, which he had not when he went in. I went after him, and brought him back to Mr. Gwillim's shop; the other man ran away; he said he was in distress, and starving; I said, then why don't you go for a soldier or sailor, and not be guilty of such actions as these; I took him to Mr. Gwillim's, and they claimed the sheets.


                  EDWARD 
                  CROCKER
               



             sworn. - I am an officer; I searched the prisoner, and found upon him this knife, a seven-shilling-piece, and three shillings;(producing them.)
Miss Gwillim. I am sure they are my father's sheets; they are not marked, I know them by the mending; they were upon the table next the parlour door.
Prisoner's defence. I am totally ignorant of it; I never had the sheets in my possession.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
