





583. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     LASHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of August
, a piece of lace, value 5 s. a pair of stockings, value 1 s. a hair necklace, value 10 s. and six remnants of lace, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Abbot
                  




               
            , junior.


                  JOHN 
                  ABBOT
               



            . I am a shopkeeper
, I live at No. 1, Berner's street, Oxford road


; the prisoner was my servant
. The first time that I missed some property was in March; I got a search warrant; the officer searched the prisoner's box in my presence; I found part of the things mentioned in the indictment, a remnant of lace, a hair chain necklace, and a variety of other articles.
Q. How did you know it to be your property - A. The stockings I knew by the private mark; I had the counterpart of the remnant of lace in the shop, and the mark on the hair necklace I can swear to.


                  JAMES 
                  ALDERS
               



            . These remnants I believe the prisoner pawned with me; it was pawned for twelve shillings on the 2nd of May.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHIYENS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. A remnant of lace was taken in on the 11th of June; I cannot positively say who pawned it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRAGO
               



            . I am an officer. I found a duplicate in a green paper; concealed in the prisoner's bosom;it was for an article for twelve shillings at Mr. Chivens's. I found another duplicate in her box, pawned at Mr. Alder's for twelve shillings; another ticket for lace at Mr. Harrison's, and another ticket Mr. Abbot went with the ticket and took it out himself.
The property produced and identified.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called my witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury; before Mr. justice Heath.
