





895. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STEIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               wilful and corrupt perjury
            .
(The indictment was stated by Mr. Gurney, and the case by Mr. Knowlys.)
Mr. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  CHETHAM
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. On the 8th of September last, did you attend the Lord-Mayor? - A. I did; a person of the name of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Lyons
               



             was under examination accused of forging a power of attorney, signed by a person of the name of John Stein, in order to receive wages of the Sierra Leone Company; the prisoner at the bar attended as a witness; he was sworn and examined as a witness against Mr. Lyons; he came as the prosecutor, produced by a Mr. Chew, an attorney; his examination was not signed by himself; I took minutes of it as the solicitor for Mr. Lyons.
Q. Be so good as state his evidence from your notes? - A. (Reads).
"
               
                  John 
                  Stein
               



             sworn: On the 18th of December, 1800, or 1801, I went on board the ship Nancy, and served about fourteen months and thirteen days; I was last Novomber at Torbay, and I then belonged to the Orion; I came from the Stratus in the St. Antoine, and was then drasted on board the Orion, I came down to England in the Orion last October, and in November I was on board that ship, cruizing in the Cnannel; I was at St. Helen's at that time; I went on those at Portsmouth for beef in November last."In answer to a question I then put to him, he said," I was only once on shore, and then it was for beef; I was never on board the Portland, at Spithead; we went out to the West Indies after Christmas last; I did not quit the boat, and did not go into Portsmouth town; I never did sign any power of attorney in my life; I did not sign that power of attorney now produced; I never did put that mark, I write my own name to every thing; I do not know the name of the captain of the Orion."
Q. Was this the power of attorney produced at the time, which he said he had never executed? - A. Yes, it was.
Mr. NEWMAN sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Were you Clerk to the Lord-Mayor at the time Lyons was under examination, charged by this man with forging a power of attorney? - A. I was; he said that was not his power of attorney, that he never made his mark, and that he was never on board the Portland, at Spithead.


                  JOHN 
                  GODWIN
               



            , Esq. sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Were you Mayor of Portsmouth in November, 180l? - A. I was.
Q. Was that power of attorney executed before you? - A. It was, it has my own hand-writing,"John Stein, his mark," is my hand-writing.
Q. Was it executed in your presence? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know who brought the man to you? - A. I believe Mr. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Levy
               



             brought him to my own house, which makes me remember it particularly; if it had been at the Town-hall, it would have been written by one of the clerks.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LEVY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Do you live at Portsmouth? - A. I do, I am in the stop way.
Q. Do you know the person of the prisoner? - A. I do, very well.
Q. Do you know Mr. Charles Lyons, whom he charged with forging that power of attorney? - A. I do, he is a neighbour of mine; I went with the prisoner to the Mayor of Portsmouth, Mr. Lyons being busy writing at the time asked me to go with the prisoner to the Mayor, and get the power of attorney of the prisoner's executed; the prisoner was with Mr. Lyons at that time; I had seen him two days before at Mr. Jacobs's house, at Portsmouth.
Q. Do you know what day it was you went before the Mayor? - A. I don't exactly know the date; it was some time in November last.
Court. (To Mr. Godwin.) Q. These powers of attorney must be executed before a Magistrate? - A. Where they belong to private ships they must.
Q. Tell me if you saw the Mayor execute that power of attorney? - A. I did; Mr. Godwin asked him if he could write his name, he said, no, he could not write; Mr. Godwin guided his hand while he made a mark; Mr. Godwin took his seal, which he put upon it, and he delivered this as his act and deed.
Q. Two days before that, what business was he upon with Mr. Jacobs; I heard him say he had some wages due from the Sierra 
               
                  Leone 
                  Company
               



            ; Mr. Jacobs said, he did not do that business, but Mr. Lyons would do it for him; Elizabeth Spraggs brought him to Mr. Jacobs's, she is here; I am sure the prisoner is the same person.
Q. How often did you see him in November? - A. I might have seen him go into Mr. Jacobs's house five or six times in a day, for four or five different days running.


                  CHARLES 
                  LYONS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am an agent, and live at Portsmouth.
Q. Were you charged by the prisoner before the Lord-Mayor, - with having forged this power of attorney? - A. I was.
Q. The Lord-Mayor discharged you? - A. Yes,Q. In the month of November, in the last year, did you see the prisoner at Portsmouth? - A. I did; Mr. Michael Jacobs sent him to me to recover his wages from the Sierra 
               
                  Leone 
                  Company
               



            ; I took an order from him for his wages, and sent it up to my correspondent, Mr. Peacock, and an answer came that they would not pay it with that; that it must be signed by a Magistrate.
Q. Did you prepare the power of attorney? - A. I did; I was busy writing, and Mr. Levy went for me; they came back in about half an hour, and this power of attorney was produced to me by Mr. Levy and the prisoner; I sent it up to London, and received the wages under it; I advanced him a part of it at first, and afterwards the rest, in all 39l. 2s. 4d.
Q. Have you any receipt for it? - A. I had a receipt for it, which has been lost.
Q. Did you see him more days than one? - A. Yes, five or six days, or more.
Q. On shore, at Portsmouth? - A. On shore, at Portsmouth; he said he was drafted from the St. Antoine on board the Portland, which was at that time employed as a receiving ship.


                  MICHAEL 
                  JACOBS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You are in the stop line, and live at Portsmouth? - A. I do: In the month of November last the prisoner at the bar was frequently at my house, for the run of a whole week.
Q. Who introduced him to you? - A. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Spraggs
               



            ; she brought him to me to receive his wages; I told him I could not do it, and recommended him to Mr. Lyons, upon which Mr. Lyons sent an order to a person to receive the money; he did that in my house, and I advanced him clothes and money to the amount of 18l. or 19l. which Mr. Lyons paid to me out of the wages; he received the balance of his account in my house; I once called upon him at Mrs. Spraggs's house, in Meeting-house-alley, and saw him there; she is the wife of a labourer in the Dock-yard; he said he came home in the St. Antoine.
Q. Have you any doubt of his being the same man? - A. I am sure he is the same man.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SPRAGGS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are the wife of a labourer in the dock-yard at Portsmouth? - A. I am, I live in Meeting-house-alley; about a twelvemonth ago the prisoner came to our house with a woman; I went with him to Jacobs's.
Q. How many different times did you see him on shore? - A. He was on shore a matter of a week; he then belonged to the Portland; I went to thePortland and brought him on shore to make a power for the money.
Q. Are you quite sure he is the man? - A. Yes, I am.


                  CORNELIUS 
                  PEACOCK
               



            . sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I live in Surrey-street, Strand; I received this power of attorney for Mr. Lyons; I received the wages under that power of attorney for Mr. Lyons.
Q. Is that the receipt you gave for it? - A. It is; I transmitted the money to Mr. Charles Lyons.


                  SAMUEL 
                  INMAN
               



             sworn. - I am clerk in the Navy-office.
Q. Have you the books of the ship Portland in November 1801? - A. I have.
Q. Does it appear at that time that John Stein was serving on board the Portland? - A. Yes, he entered on board the 24th of October, 1801, and was drafted on the 16th of January, 1802, on board the Orion.
Q. Then on the 20th of November Stein did not belong to the Orion, but to the Portland? - A. Yes.
Q. Have you examined the books of the Orion? - A. Yes, he was regularly drafted from the Portland to the Orion.
The prisoner, when called upon for his defence, and denied the charge.
Mr. Gurney. (To Peacock.) Q. Have you the prisoner's receipt for this money? - A. I had it, but it is mislaid.
Q. Had it the prisoner's name or mark? - A. I think it was his mark.
Lyons. It had his mark. (The power of attorney read.) 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.





               Confined one month in Newgate
            , to 



               stand upon the pillory
            , and then to be 


               transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
