





479. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 10th of June
, seventeen pair of gloves, value 34 s. and three pair of stockings, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Chapple
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  MARY 
                  CHAPPLE
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  James 
                  Chapple
               



            , he sells gloves and stockings
, our shop is No. 21, Grace's-alley, Well Close-square


. On the 10th of June last, about six in the afternoon, the prisoner came into the shop.
Q. Had you any other customers in the shop. - A. A lady; and there were two boys serving in the shop besides me; the prisoner came in for a pair of stockings at sixteen pence a pair; I was serving the lady, one of the boys served her with the stockings.
Q. How long did she stay in the shop. - A About twenty minutes; she bought the stockings at sixteen pence; I did not miss the stockings, there was a lady in the shop that gave me a jog on the arm. I am sure I saw the gloves and the stockings on the counter while the prisoner was in the shop. In consequence of the lady jogging my arm, I placed myself in such a manner as to watch her going out, she dropped a glove as she was going out in the middle of the shop, I accused her of it; she said the child had taken it up with the stockings that she had bought perhaps; I cast my eye round, I saw all the gloves hanging out of her pocket; I took hold of her and turned her round the shop, and while I was attempting to search her pockets, she threw the gloves and stockings both down.
Q. How many pair of gloves. - A. Seventeen pair of gloves, and three pair of stockings; I saw her pull them from her pocket, the stockings were black worsted, the same as she had bought.
Q. I suppose you did not see her in the act of taking them. - A. I did not.
Q. What did she say about this. - A. She said she had not got them.
Q. What is the value of these gloves and stockings. - A. The seventeen pair of gloves thirty four shillings, and stockings four shillings.


                  JAMES 
                  STERLING
               



            . I am a constable, I took charge of the prisoner; and the gloves and stockings were delivered to me.


                  EDWARD 
                  BEAN
               



            . I was in the shop buying a pair of stockings at the same time. I saw the mistress of the shop stop the prisoner, and she went to feel round her; I took hold of her by one arm, and with the other arm she dropped the stockings and the gloves; I saw her take them out of her right hand pocket; she had two pockets almost as big as sacks.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went in the shop to purchase these pair of stockings, there was a lady in the shop, that man came in the shop after; the child picked up a bit of paper with a string to it, I did not know what was in it; as I was going out of the door this lady said I had dropped a glove, I said I had dropped no gloves; she picked up a quantity of gloves off the floor, and put them in the window; she picked out these stockings from three dozen, and said I had robbed her. I had no pockets on.
GUILTY, aged 21.




               Of stealing but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            

Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
