





395. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  WALTON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of April
, four cotton gowns, value 40s. and two petticoats, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Reynolds
                  




               
            , spinster
.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  REYNOLDS
               



             sworn. - On the 9th of April I had come from Plymouth by the waggon; I stopped at the Fox, at Knightsbridge


, I put my box in the passage; I asked it I could have a room there, and they told me, no; I then went to the White Hart


, I staid there an hour and a half, and missed my box; I found it again the next day, at the house of one of the witnesses, 
               
                  George 
                  Larby
               



            ; I unlocked the box, and missed four gowns and two petticoats.


                  GEORGE 
                  LARBY
               



             sworn. - I was going to Sloane-street, with some potatoes, about four o'clock in the afternoon, and met the prisoner resting with the box, he could not carry the box; I asked him if I should take it to any place for him, and he offered me sixpence to take it to James-street, Westminster; going along, he said he had just come from the country, and he did not know exactly in James-street where he was going to; I told him that I let lodgings, but they were full at that time; if I could get him a lodging, he might take the box to my house, at Chelsea; he said, he was afraid his wife had not given him the right key at Exeter; I took it to my house, I took it up stairs, he opened it with a key; he then took some things from the box, put them into a bundle, and went out with them; he went to his lodgings that night, and the next morning he came in and went up stairs; he said he was going to put a shirt on, and presently after he came down stairs again with another bundle; he went out, and promised to return again in the afternoon; the prisoner came back to his lodgings at night, and in consequence of information that I had received I went to look after the girl, and she was gone to Bow street; I found her, I shewed her the box, which she claimed, she missed several articles out of it; I then desired my brother to look after him.


                  JOHN 
                  LAREY
               



             sworn. - A. little after seven o'clock in the evening the prisoner came to my brother's house, he had a stick in his hand; I put his stick on one side, and I said, I understand, my friend, you are a thief; no, says he, I am not; says I, here is an information that you have stole a box from the Fox, at Knightsbridge; I then locked he doors, and kept the keys till the constable came; he then produced to me two duplicates; he said he would give the woman a guinea to make it up; the constable took him to the watch-house.


                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSON
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Payne, a pawnbroker, No. 95, Wardour-street; I took in three gowns and a petticoat on the 10th of April; I received them from the prisoner in the name of 
               
                  William 
                  White
               



            .
Reynolds. These are all my property, I lost them out of the box.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CANNON
               



             sworn. - I am apprentice to Mr. Greenwood, pawnbroker, Bird-street, Manchester-square; I took in a gown and petticoat from the prisoner, (produces them); they were pledged in the name of James White. (They were identified by Elizabeth Reynolds.)


                  JAMES 
                  GURNEY
               



             sworn. - I am a constable belonging to St. George's, Hanover square; I was sent for to Chelsea to apprehend the prisoner; I found a key upon him that opened the box.
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating, that he was in liquor at the time, and that he had been twenty-seven years in the service of Mr. Phillips, Member for Staffordshire.



               GUILTY
            , aged 46.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
