






798. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WINTER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     FISHER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of October
, a Bank-note, value 5l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Emey
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  EMEY
               



             sworn. - I am a Chelsea pensioner
: On the 21st of October, I was at Chelsea, and met with Ann Winter, who took me to her lodgings, No. 51, Old Pye-street, Westminster


; it was between eight and nine o'clock; I had not known her before; Ann Fisher joined us in about half an hour, and said she must go and take a walk in the street, for she had not a farthing to get her breakfast next morning; I desired her not to go, for I would give her sixpence to buy a breakfast, and let her sleep in the bed I had hired with 
               
                  Ann 
                  Winter
               



            ; I had a 2l. note and a 5l. note; they saw them both, for I pulled them out, and then folded them up, and put them in my breeches pocket; we then all went to bed; in the night Ann Winter got up; I missed her, but she came up stairs again while it was dark; she got up again, between five and six, when it was light, and went away; I saw no more of her; Fisher staid with me; I examined my pocket, and there was only one note left; I had put my breeches under my head; I said I had lost my note; Fisher said she had not got it; I went then to the constable, and we went together in pursuit, and found them both, with another girl, in a hackney coach, about nine o'clock; they had got two new bonnets and several other articles; then the constable opened the door, and they began tobeg and pray; Ann Winter delivered the amount of 5l. in money and goods, all but 4s. 8d. saying they never were guilty of the like before, and never would any more; they said the bonnets cost a guinea.
Q. Were you sober? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: On the 2d of October, about eight o'clock, the prosecutor said he had been robbed; I went with him; the girls were gone out; we went after them, and found them in a coach, in Abingdon-street; I knew the girls, and opened the coach door; I said you have been doing very wrong in robbing this man; they began to cry, and said if you will let us go, we will give all the property; there was another girl, but she had nothing to do with it; on searching them we found about 2l. 2s. in money; I think there were two bonnets that cost a guinea, which they said they bought in Cranbourn-alley, and some Belcher's handkerchiefs, one cost 8s. and the other 4s. 6d. a pair of stockings, three ribbons, a pair of shoes, a piece of stannel for a petticoat; all of which we took; they said the people would return the money; I went with them in the coach to Cranbourn-alley to the shop; Fisher went with me, and the people took the things all back at the price the girls mentioned, in all that was 5l. but 4s. 8d. which they said they had spent.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOODENOUGH
               



             sworn. - As I was standing in the street, I saw one girl put her head out of the window, and another look back, and one bid the coachman drive on fast; I followed it, and stopped, thinking something was wrong, as I knew Winter before; in Abingdon-street she said drive on faster, coachman, and I will give you a guinea for your fare; they were stopped and taken; I received 2l. 2s. 6d. in notes and cash; from 
               Winter
             a seven-shilling piece and silver, and from Fisher half-a-guinea and a one-pound note; the money returned for the things was 2l. 13s. making 5l. within 4s. 8d.
Winter's defence. In the morning when I got up, I saw a piece of paper on the floor; I did not know what it was till I opened it, and being to distress, I changed it.
Fisher's defence. When we met this man at Chelsea, he went home with Winter; I wanted to go out, but he would not let me, but gave me nothing in the morning; Winter found a note, and being distressed we changed it, and bought some articles, which we had when we were took. Winter 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.
Fisher 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
