






652. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     GIBBONS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     MANN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th of August
, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Shaw
                     



                  , widow, a bank note, value 2 l. and a bank note, value 1 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Rooke
                        




.


                  JOHN 
                  ROOKE
               



            . I am a seaman
. On Saturday three weeks I went into 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Shaw
               



            's house, Newtoner's court, St. Martin's lane


; 
               
                  Ann 
                  Gibbons
               



             asked me up stairs; I went with her and gave her two shillings to be with her; I laid my tobacco box on the table, which had thirteen pound in it; previous to my going to bed 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Mason
               



             came and knocked at the door; and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Gibbons
               



             made an excuse to go to the door; she said that there was somebody wanted her; she went from the bed towards the table and took the box off the table; I came up with her at the landing place, she was puzzled a little to open the box; she took out a two pound note and a one pound note out of the box, and gave them to Catherine Mann over her shoulder; 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Mann
               



             ran down stairs so I held 
               
                  Ann 
                  Gibbons
               



             in custody till a constable came, and then I gave charge of her. I told him that the one that had run away was a carrotty woman; he found her. I am sure they are the women.
Q. Did you ever get your notes - A. No. I told Ann Gibbons if she would give me the two pound note I would say no more about it.
Gibbons's Defence. He laid hold of the bed clothes and shoved them out of the window; I told him to go out of my room; he broke the things about the room.
Mann's Defence. I lived next door to her; this woman cried out murder several times; he had hold of her by the hair of her head, in the door way, when I first saw her; I said do not kill the woman; he hit me on my head and on my shoulder; I innocently and foolish enough came to take her part. It is the first time I was brought before any gentleman in my life.
GIBBONS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
MANN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 40.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
