





561. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DREWITT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of August
, an umbrella, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Willats
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WILLATS
               



            . I am hard wareman
. I live at No. 23. in the Poultry


; between the hours of eight and nine o'clock, on the 20th of August, I saw the prisoner put his hand in the shop and take an umbrella and run away with it; I immediately pursued him, calling out stop thief, a man without his coat; he was without a coat; upon his entrance into Walbook he was stopped; the umbrella he dropped behind him; which was brought to the Compter with him.
Q. Did you see him drop it - A. No; but it was my property that was taken up.
Q. Are you sure that he was the man that you saw in your shop - A. I have no doubt but that he is the man.
Q. When the umbrella was brought back it proved to be yours - A. Yes.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you say when you took me that you was not sure whether it was me or another man without a coat - A. I said I was sure it was you, and I am sure that it is you; he had on a sort of a jacket with light sleeves; I thought he was without a coat, only a waistcoat on, but it proved the next day to be a jacket; I was very sure he was the man.


                  DANIEL 
                  CARTWRIGHT
               



            . I am an officer; the man was brought to the Compter; I took him in custody; the umbrella was delivered to me by the prosecutor; I have kept it ever since.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down Lombard street at the time the outcry was; I was near the Mansion house door, the people were in a mob; this gentleman came and said I was the man, as I was without a coat; I answered I knew nothing about it; the umbrella was picked up in the road; I asked him if he could swear to me; he said it was either me or another man without a coat; it was dark just about nine o'clock.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
