






701. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  JOACHIM
               




             and 
               
                  ANN 
                  ADAMS
               



             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of September

, a watch, value 5l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Watherberg
                  



               
            , and the other for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to have been stolen
            .
CHARLES WATHERBERG sworn. - I belong to a Swedish ship
; my watch hung over my hammock; the prisoner was sailor
 on board the same ship; I lost it on the 5th of September; the shiplay at Blackwall-dock



; Joachim came on board, and went down below deck; he came up again directly, and went a-shore; then I went down below, and missed my watch; nobody else had been below; I had the watch in my hand not five minutes before he came on board; I never found it again.


                  CHARLES 
                  HOLROYD
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of Essex; I had an information, and apprehended the prisoner; he told me he had given the duplicate of the watch to the prisoner Adams.
Q. Had you said any thing to Joachim to induce him to confess? - A. No.


                  ROBERT 
                  STANTON
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of the county of Essex; I was with Holroyd; we apprehended the prisoner in Blackwall; he said he had given the watch to Adams; she said she had pawned it, but did not know that he had stole it.(Charles Williams, the pawnbroker, produced the watch, which was identified by the prosecutor.)
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.
Joachim, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Adams, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
