





10. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  ANDERSON
               




             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Maria 
                           Heim
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Harriet 
                           Heim
                        



                     
                  , spinster

s, about the hour of seven at night on the 16th of November
, and burglariously stealing therein, a spencer, value 15 s. and a body part of a pelisse, value 5 s. their property
            .


                  MARIA 
                  HEIM
               



            . I live at No. 14, Golden-square, Marylebone


, I am in partnership with my sister Harriet, we are haberdasher

s and dress maker

s. On the 16th of November, about half past seven o'clock, I was sitting in the parlour at the back of the shop, a boy that shuts up our shop came to enquire whether he should shut up the shop; hearing a noise I went into the shop. On getting up I observed James Anderson in the middle of the shop; 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Cost
               



             that shuts up the shop told me he was robbing of the shop.
Q. Where was Cost then. - A. At the shop door, inside of the shop; the prisoner had thrown the spencer and part of a pelisse on the floor.
Q. Where had the spencer and the pelisse been standing before. - A. On a stand on one side of the shop; I had seen it about half an hour before. The prisoner begged 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Cost
               



             to let him pass; my sister and the work people came forward; we sent for a constable and secured the boy.


                  HARRIET 
                  HEIM
               



            . Q. You were present when this passed, as your sister described. - A. Yes, I was in the parlour with her, I had seen this spencer and part of a pelisse hanging up in the shop not many minutes before. I followed my sister upon hearing the noise; Cost said the prisoner was robbing the shop; our boy was coming in to shut up the shop, he only lives over the way; he saw him through the window before he came in. When Cost told us the prisoner was robbing the shop, the prisoner went down upon his knees, and desired us to let him go.
Q. Did you see him throw the things down. - A. No. I picked them up from the floor.


                  SAMUEL 
                  COST
               



            . Last Monday fortnight, I was going to shut up Miss Heim's shop; I found the shop door half open; I saw the prisoner on the left hand of me, in the shop, as I was at the door, he had got a spencer in his left hand, and part of a pelisse in his right hand; he heard me make a noise with the latch of the door; he chucked the spencer, and part of the pelisse on the ground, he left the other half unhooked; he came to the door, and asked me to let him out; I pushed him in, and shut the door. Miss Heims came in the shop, then he downed upon his knees, and asked them to forgive him; they sent for a constable, he was taken in custody. I did not see him go into the shop.
Q. Did you make any remarks upon the panes of the window in the shop. - A. Yes, there was a piece cut out of the window, big enough for his hand to go through.
Q. Then he must have got in the shop by the door to have got hold of this spencer. - A. Yes, they were in the middle of the shop.
Q. But by putting his hand into this pane of glass, could be reach the door to unlatch it. - A. No, it was not near the door.
Q. You say you found the door a-jar when you went in. - A. Yes.
JOSEPH GREGORY. I searched the prisoner at the watchhouse; I found nothing about him; I went the next morning early, I examined the windows, I found a pane of glass taken out; there were nothing but some ribbons near it; by what the ladies informed me, there was nothing taken out. I said to the prisoner you little rogue, how came you to have cut the window in the manner you have done; he replied, another did that; he said he was a poor lad, he swept chimneys
 sometimes, and lived in St. Giles's, and hoped that I would speak to the ladies to forgive him; he said, he saw nobody in the shop; he opened the door, went in at the door, and took the things. I have got the spencer and the pelisse.
Q. to prosecutor. Can you take upon you to say, before you heard the noise of your boy coming in, whether your shop door was shut too. - A. It had been shut too the whole of the evening; there had nobody been in before for half an hour; we always shut our shop door; the shop woman had not left the shop five minutes.


                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               



            . I asked the boy what he was going to do with these things, he said, he was going to sell them to a black jew; I understood at last it was a Polish jew.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going in for two halfpenny laces for my boots; I saw them things laying, I kicked them with my foot; I took them up in my hand, I felt, they felt soft; this lad came in, he said I was going to take them out of the shop.




               GUILTY
            , aged 14.
Of stealing, but not of burglariously breaking and entering.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
