





100. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     GRAY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of December
, three shirts, value 30s. four neckcloths, value 4s. and a pocket-handkerchief, value 1s.
             the property of 
               

                        James 
                        Peckett
                     



                  , the elder







            .
JAMES PECKETT called. - I shall be nine years old next March.
Q. Do you know where wicked people go when they die? - A. To a bad place.
(He is sworn.) - My father is an Excise-officer

, near Clare-market: On Thursday the 19th of December, I was going with three shirts, four neck-cloths, and a pocket-handkerchief, to Mr. Serjeant Heywood's, in Harpur-street; I met with an elderly man, who said, you are a nice little boy, I think I know you; he asked me what my name was; I told him my name was Peckett; he asked me where I was going; and I told him to Harpur-street; when I got into Red-lion-square


 I met the prisoner; he asked me if my name was not Peckett; I said, yes; he asked me if I was not going to Mr. Heywood's; I said, yes; he said, he had been to my mother's with some more things, and he was to have the things that I had got, and I gave them to him; I never met him again till New-year's-day, when I met them both together, in Water-street, Arundel-street, in the Strand, then I charged the prisoner with taking the things from me in Redlion-square; he said he never saw me in his life before; he ran away from me, and I took hold of the other; I asked a soldier to take him, and he would not, he went on through Temple-bar; then he took hold of me, and I told him I would not go with him; then he went down into the Temple, and I left him. When I had left the old man, I saw the prisoner run past me in the Temple; I ran after him, and he ran up the first court he came to, in the Temple; then a gentleman holloaed out, stop thief, and he bid himself in some chambers; Mr. Davis, that lives with Mr. Mortimer, the gun-maker, in Fleet-street, went after him, and collared him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PECKETT
               



            , senior. sworn. - My wife washes for Mr. Serjeant Heywood, and nobody else; I saw the things delivered to the boy.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
