





269. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BITTEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Sullivan
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eight in the night of the 14th of March
, and burglariously stealing six petticoats, value 1l. four gowns, value 2l. two cloaks, value 1l. two aprons, value 1s. 6d. a shirt, value 2s. 6d. two handkerchiefs, value 6d. and a cloth, value 6d.
             the property of the said John.


                  CATHERINE 
                  SULLIVAN
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Sullivan
               



            ; my husband has been at sea
 five years; I live at No. 7, George-alley, Fleet-market


; I rent the lower room; the house belongs to Mr. George Frost; he has fourteen houses in the same place; he does not live there himself: On Sunday, the 14th of March, I came home between eight and nine o'clock in the evening; I did not light a candle, but went to bed; I bolted my door inside, and fastened my windows; the next morning I got up between six and seven o'clock; I went to the box for my clothes, and found it empty; it had contained all the articles mentioned in the indictment; I did not do any thing till Thursday morning, and then I got a constable, and searched all the neighbours round; I found some of the things, a bit here and a bit there, in the neighbourhood.

Q. How do you suppose the persons had got into your room? - A. By going down into the cellar, and coming up through the floor; the boards were taken up.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Sullivan
               



            ? - A. Yes.
Q. That you are quite sure of? - A. Yes.
Q. How long is it since you last saw him? - A. Two years last Christmas; the last time I heard from him he was in the Streights of Gibraltar.
Q. It was broad day-light when you went out? - A. Yes.
Q.Were you drunk or sober when you cam home? - A. I was sober; I am not given to liquor.
Q. How many people did you take up before you took up the prisoner? - A. Nine.
Q. And they were all discharged before the Alderman? - A. Yes.
Q. And you were sober then? - A. Yes.
Q. Upon your oath, did you ever charge this man till a month afterwards? - A. No, not till last Saturday week.
Q. Whether the floor was whole or not when you came home you cannot tell? - A. No.
Q. How many people lodged in this house? - A. There is only one room on a floor; the prisoner lodged in the two pair of stairs, and there is another man and his wife.
Q. The nine persons you took up lived close to you? - A. Five of them lived next door; the constable found some of my property under the bed of Jem Young and Mary Morley, at the next house.
Q. Do people of different names sleep together in your neighbourhood? - A. Yes, and there is a sister of her's in the same room.(
               
                  John 
                  Bridgen
               



            , a pawnbroker, in Houndsditch, produced a cotton gown and a red cloak, which he had received in pledge from the prisoner on Monday, the 15th of March, and which were identified by the prosecutrix.)
Mr. Gurney. (To Sullivan.) Q. Who put it in your head to indict for a burglary - who told you you could get forty pounds? - A. I don't understand your language.
Q. Yes, you do - who advised you to indict this man so as to get forty pounds? - A. Nobody in the world.(
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Charlton
               



            , a pawnbroker's servant, produced a muslin gown and two dimity petticoats, which he had taken in pledge from the prisoner on the 15th of March, and which were identified by the prosecutrix.)


                  DAVID 
                  WAISON
               



             sworn. - I am servant to a pawnbroker, in Watling-street: On the 15th of March, the prisoner at the bar pledged with me a red cloak, a gown, and two petticoats, which I delivered to Mrs. Sullivan some time ago.(Mrs. Sullivan produced and identified them.)
JAMES COLEMAN sworn. - I am a constable; I apprehended the prisoner last Saturday was a week; I found nothing upon him.
Prisoner's defence. I went down into the cellar to ease myself, and saw the bundle lying in the cellar; I made free to take it, and brought it up stairs. GUILTY, aged 25.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
