





238. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BRANHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Frazer
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eight in the night of the 29th of March
, and stealing two saucepans, value 5 s. the property of the said James
            .


                  JAMES 
                  FRAZER
               



             sworn. - Q. Where do you live? - A. In Whitcomb-street


.
Q. What happened to your house? - A. On the 29th of March, between seven and eight o'clock, I was going out to a neighbour's house; I was in Whitcomb-court; I observed the prisoner in a corner that leads to my kitchen; there is a window in the court that lets light into the kitchen; there are wooden bars outside the window, and glass inside; I went up to the prisoner, and asked him what he was doing there; he said he was doing nothing; I said you must be doing something there, and then he struck me, I then laid hold of him, and another jumped out of the window at the same time, and I took hold of him, and then they both struck me; I had hold of them both at the same time; the man that came out of the window ran away, I then took the prisoner to the watch-house.
Q. What have you to say about the saucepan? - A. When I first came up to the prisoner, I asked him what he was doing, and he dropped the saucepan; he had one, and was in the act of taking out the second; he dropped them both; they are here.
Q. Do you know yourself what part of the house they were in? - A. They were upon the dresser in the kitchen after being cleaned; I had seen them there at five o'clock in the afternoon.
Q. It was pretty light then? - A. No, it was growing dusk; I could see him very distinctly.
Q. You never saw the other man again? - A. No.
Q. What sort of a window is it, does it shove up? - A. No.
Q. Is it a slider? - A. No.
Q. Is it made to open? - A. There is a bolt inside; they broke the glass to push back the bolt; the wooden bars were broke and taken away.
Prisoner. I never had the property; he struck me first.
Prosecutor. I did not strike him, he struck me.
- GARDINER sworn. - Q. You are an officer? - A. Yes; I was coming up St. Martin's-lane, I saw a mob, and knowing the prisoner, I searched him, and found nothing upon him; I then went to the house, and found that a window had been broke; it was a casement window, one of the small squares had been broke to push back the bolt.
Q. Have you the saucepans? - A. Yes, the prosecutor delivered them to me. (Produces them).
Court. (To the prosecutor). Q. Look at the saucepans? - A. They are both mine.
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing about the saucepans. I was coming through Whitcomb-court: I heard a piece of work about some kettles, and I was curious enough to stop and look, and the prosecutor struck me, and I struck him again, and then he gave charge of me; I never was in his house, nor did not know any thing of the property.
GUILTY, aged 46,




               Of stealing the goods, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
