





393. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     FARR
                  



               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the first of May
, a silver pepper-castor, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Brown
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLEMAN
               



             sworn. - On the first of May, (I was waiter to Mr. Brown) the prisoner came into the coffee-room, between the hours of nine and ten.
Q. What did he ask for? - A. He asked for nothing at all; he walked down the coffee-room and returned to the fire-place, and from the fire-place to the bar; then he stood with his back to the fire.
Q. Did you know where the pepper-box stood that you charge him with? - A. It was only my suspicion at first; the pepper-box, in the course of the afternoon, had been used; I had removed it to the side-board; we usually put it, there after the business is over.
Q. Is the side board within the reach of the persons in the coffee-room? - A. Yes; I saw him look wildly round the coffee-room; I was standing in a dark part of the coffee-room and I saw the prisoner go out; there is a communication from the coffee-room to the passage leading to the hotel, where he had passed this side board, where there was a vast deal of plate extended; on his going out I thought I perceived that he put his hand over; whether he took any thing I could not just then inform myself; I am positive that he put his hand over; I arose from my seat immediately, and followed him as gently as I could, and in the middle of the passage, I being tall overlooked his shoulder, and saw this pepper-castor in his hand; I immediately laid hold of him; he still held this pepper-castor in his hand for about two minutes; then he threw it from him; I took him into custody, and searched him in the hall of the hotel in the side of his pocket I saw a muttineer; I put my hand into his pocket, and there I found the spoons; then I sent for an officer.
Q. Was that pepper-box which he threw away your master's? - A. Yes, I resigned it up to my master; I am positive this is the pepper-box; here is a mark underneath, which was marked by Mr. Akess.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn. - Q. Look at that pepper-box? - A. It is a silver pepper-box.
Q. Is it your's? - A. Yes.
Prisoner's defence. I can only say in my defence as I did before, that I was in a real state of intoxication, and did not know that I was in the house, nor for what I was put into the watch-house, till the officer came to me in the morning; I beg leave to ask Coleman, the waiter, (I recollect so much as that), whether he remembers, at the time the officer was sent for, that he made use of this expression, that when I went out a thieving I ought to go out sober.
Coleman. Upon my word I did not; you had then a wild look with the eye, as you have at this time; he was drest at that time as he is now, exclusive of his having his great coat on and buttoned high up.
Court. Q. Was he intoxicated? - A. I cannot say; to the best of my judgement he was not. On the following day he was more intoxicated than on the over night: on the over night he walked as steady as myself into the coffee-room; I went immediately to Mr. Moule; the bar-maid said she had lost these things.


                  CATHERINE 
                  SHANNON
               



             sworn. - I met Mr. Farr on the first of May; he wanted to see me home; he was so intoxicated I would not suffer him; this was between seven and eight o'clock, to the best of my knowledge, I do not carry a watch;I live at No. 11, Crescent-place, Lambeth; I have known him these twenty years; I have known him constantly, for these eleven years, every day.
Q. What way of life was he in latterly? - A. I understood that he followed the profession of the law.
Q. Had he dined with your father that day? - A. No; the night before he had seen me home, and he promised to call upon me the next day at two o'clock, on particular business; I never saw him till I saw him in Covent-Garden, when he was in such a state of intoxication.
Q. Did he know you? - A. Yes, he knew me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
