






228. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     COLE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3d of February
, four yards and a half of carpet, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Cooke
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOKE
               



            . I live at 59, Margaret street


, I am an upholsterer
. On the 3d of February, on my return from a gentleman's house, I saw Cole and three or four others, and having been robbed on the Saturday before, I suspected, seeing Cole with three or four others, he was going to rob me; I placed the constable at the door; I went in and shut the door after me; I placed myself behind the partition. I had not been there long before 
               
                  James 
                  Smith
               



             came in.
Q. You had concealed yourself in the shop - A. I had; it was between five and six o'clock.
Q. Was your shop door fastened or not - A. It was not. Smith came in first and presently Richard Cole came in; Smith came quite close to me, I did not attempt to take him, I waited till Cole had stole something; this 
               
                  Richard 
                  Cole
               



             went up to the window and took a piece of carpet down, he gave it to somebody outside of the door, I saw him give it. Mr. Jones, whom I got to assist me, he was with me concealed in the shop; he laid hold of Cole, I laid hold of Smith and took him out of the shop.
Q. Did you get your carpet again - A. I did not. With the assistance of the constable we took them to Marlborough street office.


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . Q. Were you with Mr. Cooke on the 3d of February last - A. I was standing behind a place ready waiting for them, I saw Smith come in first, he tapped with his finger at the door three or four times, we could hardly hear him; then he walked up towards the parlour door, about ten or twelve feet; then Cole came in and handed the carpet down from the window and handed it to somebody else; I ran immediately across the shop and took him by the collar; Mr. Cooke took Smith in the shop.
Q. Had you seen Cole and Smith together before they came in the shop - A. No; I had but just come home from my work.
Q. to prosecutor. Had you seen Cole and Smith together before they came in your shop - A. Yes.
Q. You have no doubt about their persons have you - A. No doubt whatever; I had seen them several times about the street before they made the attempt in the shop.
Q. How long time had elapsed since you saw them first, and the time they came into your shop - A. About a quarter of an hour.
Q. Had you seen them speak together at all - A. Yes.
Q. Did Smith say what he wanted in your shop - A. No; when I seized him he never spoke a word.
Cole's Defence. I never was in Mr. Cooke's shop in my life. I was going along Margaret street when the person laid hold of me; he said he saw me take it out of the shop; I said it was false.
Smith's Defence. I was passing by Mr. Cooke's door a man observed to me that there were three or four people round the shop; he said it was a pity but that somebody would let them know it; I knocked at the door; nobody came; and then I walked in, and stamped with my foot; nobody made answer; then I immediately walked up to the parlour window; Mr. Cooke and Mr. Jones ran out immediately.

Q. to prosecutor. Did you hear any body knock at the door - A. I heard somebody knock, it was so low I scarcely could hear it.
Q. Did you hear any body stamp with their feet - A. I could scarcely hear it.
Q. Was it done in such a way as a person would do, if a person wanted to give a signal - A. By no means.
Q. When you saw Smith did he tell you he came into the shop to give you notice - A. No, he never uttered a word.
Q. to Jones. Did you see Cole in the shop, or out of the shop - A. In the shop.
COLE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24.
SMITH, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Bailey.
