







357. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     BONE
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RILEY
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Croasdell
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eight in the night, of the 7th of February
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing, five yards of baize, value 12s. the property of the said Henry
            .


                  MARY 
                  CROASDELL
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of Henry Croasdell, I live at No. 3, Mulberry-gardens, Wapping


, I keep a chandler's-shop: On the 7th of February, three lads came into the shop, between eight and nine in the evening; the lad in the middle did not come into the shop, he staid outside, his name is Stevens; Bone, and Riley, and another came in; I think they are the same persons, and asked for a halfpennyworth of small-beer; the next day I missed a piece of red baize, I had seen it some hours before in the shop, lying upon the counter; I missed it about three or four o'clock the next day; it was not quite new, I had used it for laying on a carpet for a few weeks; I cannot recollect which came in first; I have never seen the baize since.


                  JAMES 
                  CHESTERMAN
               



             sworn. - My self, and Riley, and Stevens, and Bone, went down Nightingale-lane, till we came to the Mulberry-gardens; we went into a chandler's shop, on the Friday before the fire in Thames-street; Bone went in first, and myself and Riley followed him; we saw the gentlewoman in the shop; we lifted up the latch and went in for a halfpenny worth of small-beer.
Q. You went in with no other intention but to get some small-beer? - A. Yes; we saw the baize lying upon the back counter, and we thought it was a red cloak, we had not been in the shop but a few minutes, when Riley drew the baize from the counter; we took it to Rosemary-lane and sold it to Mrs. Levy for three shillings and sixpence, and we shared the money amongst us; myself and Stevens went into Mrs. Levy's, and the other two staid at the door, we asked her five shillings.
Q. Have your known the prisoners long? - A. Yes; I used to go out of nights with them.


                  SOPHIA 
                  LEVY
               



             sworn. - I live in Shire-court, Rosemary-lane, my husband keeps a chandler's-shop; the middle one, Stevens, brought me a piece of baize to sell, there were five yards of it; Chesterman was with him, and asked five shillings for it; I offered three and sixpence; there were two or three more at the door; Chesterman went to the door, and asked them if they would take three shillings and sixpence, and he came back and took it I sold it to a country dealer; I had cut off a small piece for a rubber, which I delivered to the constable.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HAYNES
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to the Public office, Shadwell; I received a piece of baize from Mrs. Levy yesterday. (Produces it.)
Mr. Croasdell I cannot swear to this piece of baize; I cannot swear to it without the whole was together, it is the same kind of baize.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn. - I apprehended the prisoners, in company with Cooke, Holebrook, and Haynes, I known no more of it.
Bone's defence. I am innocent of what I am here for, I know nothing at all about it.
Stevens's defence. I am as innocent as the child unborn.
Riley's defence. I know nothing at all about the baize; I have not been home from sea but nine weeks to-day.
Bone, GUILTY. (Aged 18.)
Stevens, GUILTY. (Aged 17.)
Riley, GUILTY. (Aged 19.)




               Of stealing only
            .






               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before, Mr. Baron CHAMBER.
