






203. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     COOPER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SCRUTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously-stealing, on the 10th of December
, five muslin handkerchiefs, value 20s. fifty yards of muslin, value 50s. five shifts, value 20s. two pocket-handkerchiefs, value 4s. a dressing-gown, value 10s. a stannel petticoat, value 4s. a dressing-gown, value 10s. a muslin cap, value 2s. a habit shirt, value 3s. a cotton handkerchief, value 2s. twenty yards of ribbon, value 5s. eight pair of silk stockings, value 40s. a leather purse mounted with silver, value 4s. a medallion set in gold, value 20s. two yards of gold chain, value 10s. a leather case, value 2s. and a stone seal set in gold, value 58.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Dorothea 
                     Jordan
                  




               
            .
Second Count. Charging it to be the property of 
               
                  Dorothea 
                  Bland
               



            .(The case stated by Mr. Gurney.)
MARGARET POLE sworn. - I am servant to Mrs. 
               
                  Dorothea 
                  Jordan
               



            , and packed up the articles stated in a mahogany box on the 10th of December in Drury-lane. Theatre; the flannel petticoat was in a bundle; I gave them to Mrs. Jonlan's servant to put into the carriage, about eleven o'clock at night.


                  PETER 
                  REMINGTON
               



             sworn. - I am footman to Mrs. Jordan, and received the box from the last witness, which I put into the chariot, which stood in Drury-lane, opposite to the stage-door; I shut the door, and saw the other-door fly open; I called to the coachman, and run round, but found the box and bundle were gone, and the seat drawn partly out; I gave information immediately to Townsend.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLACKMAN
               



             sworn. - On Saturday the 11th of December, about eight in the morning, my brother officers and I saw the prisoners in King-street, Drury-lane, with two bundles; we followed them; I followed Cooper, and Crocker followed Scruton; we took them into the Bank public-house, where I searched Cooper, and found eight pair of silk stockings, a medallion, a red inorocco purse mounted with silver, a gold chain and seal.


                  EDWARD 
                  CROCKER
               



             sworn. - I was with Blackman, and apprehended Scruton with a bundle, containing five muslin handkerchiefs, five shifts, two pocket-handkerchiefs, a dressing-gown, and other things. (The articles produced, and identified by 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Pole
               



            ).
Cooper's defence. I was going along on Friday, and found the things which I had; I went to my friends, and asked them what I had best to do; and they advised me to go to Hatton-garden office; and as I was going along next morning, they took me.
Scruton's defence. I was coming along King-street on Saturday morning, and saw a great-coat lay up an entry; I took hold of it, and there wasa bundle underneath, whith I took up under my arm, and was going along when they took me.
Cooper, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 36.
Scruton, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
