






101. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BARNSTAPLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of December
, two gown-sleeves, value 3s. a gown-body, value 5s. a skirt of a gown, value 5s. five canvas bags, value 5s. and two breechings to a coach-barness, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bolland
                  




               
            , Esq.(The case was opened by Mr. Bolland.)
Mrs. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  BOLLAND
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Bolland
               



            , of Mark-lane: On Wednesday the 14th of July, I put a gown into the carriage, with a view to have it made up at Norwood by the mantua-maker; the prisoner had been our coachman
 nine months; I had taken the gown to-pieces by way of having it re-made; I went to Norwood in our own carriage, and there saw the gown in the sword-case of the carriage; I returned to Clapham, our country-house, and on Sunday the 18th I made enquiry of the prisoner after the gown; he said he knew nothing of it; he remained in our service till December, during which time I frequently asked him if he knew any thing of it, and he always said he knew nothing of it; I have since seen the gown at Guildhall.
ROBETT SAINSBURY sworn. - I am an officer; I executed a search-warrant at the lodgings of the prisoner, in Queen-street, Cheapside; he was not there; his wife and sister-in-law sent for him, and he came in while we were searching the apartment; we found the articles mentioned in the indictment. - (Produces them.)
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You did not know the prisoner before? - A. No.
Q. You did not know that he lived there? - A. No.
Q. You never heard from the prisoner that those were his lodgings? - A. No.(The property was identified by Mrs. Bolland, and 
               
                  John 
                  Murray
               



            , warehouseman to Mr. Bolland.)


                  JOSEPH 
                  BOLLAND
               



            , Esq. sworn. - I am the brother of Mr. John Bolland; the prisoner sent for me to the lock-up-house on the 16th of December; I waited upon him, and he informed me he had taken the gown, the bags, and the harness, and that it was his intention the morning he was taken up to take them back, and thank his master and mistress for their civilities to him; that he hoped I would use my influence, and beg they would not prosecute; the prisoner had left his situation at that time.
Prisoner's defence. I picked up these things in the walk where the carriage comes up, at Clapham; my master gave me the bags to take to town.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
