





290. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     HARDING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of November
, a watch, value 10 l. two gold seals, value 5 l. and a gold chain, value 7 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Charman
                  




               
            .


                  PETER 
                  CHARMAN
               



             sworn. - I am a jeweller
 and silversmith
, in St. James's-street


; I missed the watch on the 20th of December, I was not at home at the time of the transaction.
Q. What was the value of the watch? - A. Ten guineas.
Q.What was the worth of the gold chain and the seals? - A. The chain seven guineas, and the seals five pounds; 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Trott
               



             informed me that the chain was at Mr. Pattmore's, Ludgate-hill; I went there and they told me they bought it of a person of the name of Harding.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BANN
               



             sworn. - Q. How old are you? - A. I am fifteen years; I am apprentice to Mr. Charman; the prisoner at the bar came one day into the shop (I am sure he is the man), and asked for a gold double-bottom hunting-watch; we had not one, but we said we would get one; he went out, and said he would call again the next day; he called again on the next day, and Mr. Pugh shewed him one; he looked at the watch, but did not take it; he asked to look at some other watch; I believe Mr. Pugh took that watch out of his pocket and shewed it him, and the prisoner said he wanted just such a watch to give to his brother; he said he would take that watch which Mr. Pugh shewed him; Mr. Pugh said he had better not take it, as it did not go well; he said he did not mind that; he would bring it back the next day; then he asked to look at the chains and seals that were in the window; we shewed him them, and he agreed to take these two seals and a gold chain; he took a bill out of his pocket and left it as security that he would bring the watch and seals back again the next day.
Q. Is that the bill that you hold in your hand? - A. Yes.
Q. For what purpose did you understand that he took this watch and seals? - A. To shew them to his brother; Mr. Pugh let him take them; he never came back again; I never saw him till he was taken.
Q. Did you ever see the watch, chain, and seals, again? - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. He told you he wanted a watch for the purpose of giving his brother? - A. Yes.
Q. He would take the watch and shew it to his brother, and he would leave that bill in part of payment? - A. No, he would leave it as security.
Q. Do not you remember it was in part of payment; was not you very attentive? - A. I was not very attentive, for Mr. Pugh attended to that; I was doing something else.
Q. Therefore there might something pass that you did not hear. -
Court. Q. All that passed when you were present I understood you to say was, that he did not buy them, he was to bring them the next day, after he had shewed them to his brother, and he left this bill for security till he returned them? - A. Yes.


                  FRANCIS 
                  PUGH
               



             sworn. - Q. Are you shopman to Mr. Charman? - A. I was at that time.
Q. Tell us when it was you saw the prisoner? - A. I cannot tell the day, he came in first to look at a gold double-bottom hunting-watch; we did not happen to have one in the house at that time, we promised to get him one to look at, if he would call in a day or two; he called in a day or two afterwards.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the man? - A. That is the man; I put the day down in the day-book, I cannot recollect the day, it was in November, rather towards the latter end.
Q. He was not a customer of the shop, that you had knowledge of him? - A. I had only seen him once before, when he asked for the gold double-bottom hunting-watch; when he came again, he said, do you recollect I am the person that came in for a gold hunting-watch; I said, I have one now; the price was forty-five guineas; he said, that was too much; he only wanted to make a present of it to his brother; I shewed him a silver hunting-watch out of my pocket, which I wore, to regulate; he said that would do; that was ten pounds ten shillings; he took the watch, chain, and seals, leaving a bill, saying, that will be sufficient, I shall return to morrow, to let you know whether I shall keep them or not; the bill was not to the full amount, I trusted him, seeing that he said he was brother-in-law to Mr. Marsh, at the Lord Chamberlain's Office.
Q. The purchase at this time was not complete? - A. No, the price of the watch, chain, and seals, was twenty-four pounds and odd shillings;the bill is thirteen pounds eleven shillings and four-pence.
Q. Did he ever come again? - A. No, I never saw him again from that time till I saw him at Hatton-garden. In two or three days after I took the bill to Basing-lane: it is directed payable at Messrs. Carpenter and Co. Basing-lane, Cheapside.
Q. Did you find any gentlemen of the name of Carpenter and Co.? - A. I could not find any such parties.
Q. Have you any doubt upon earth that he is the man? - A. I have no doubt at all.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. He came there the first time to see Mr. Charman? - A. Yes.
Q. It was two or three days afterwards when he came again, therefore you had an opportunity of going to Mr. Marsh, to know if it was true or not? - A. Yes.
Q. Now when he came the second time to purchase, for which he presented you a bill in part of payment, he wanted a watch to give to his brother? - A. No, he did not give it in part of payment.
Q. Are you perfectly sure that he did not give you that in part of payment - He said he would call the next day and pay you the rest? - A. I am sure he said nothing about the part in payment.
Q. That bill you gave him; I see here is a gold seal, four guineas and a half; a small seal; and then there is a silver double bottom hunter, ten guineas. That bill you gave him for all these things? - A. That is not the bill, it is a memorandum, that he might know the price.
Q. It is one of your shop bills? - A. He asked for a memorandum, and we always write upon bills. I never thought any thing of it, but that it was entirely lost, after the bill was not payable and Carpenter was not to be found.
Q. Then you were afraid the whole of the money was lost? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you mean to say that he was not to have called the next day, and have paid the 11 l. and odd shillings? - A. He said nothing about paying the rest.
Q. Was not that what you understood, that he was to call the next day and pay you the 11 l. and the other shillings? - A. He was to call the next day to let us know whether his brother liked them.
Q. Mrs. Charman was in the shop, did she take any part of the transaction? - A. She looked at the bill; I do not recollect that she said any thing.
Q. You did not give credit to the bill for what you received? - A. No.
Q. Are you quite sure that the purchase of the watch depended upon his brother's liking it; was the chain and seal for his own use? - A. Yes.
Q. Therefore he did not want his brother's approbation for them? - A. I think he did.
Q. Are you quite sure that this bill was not part of payment? - A. I entered it in the book; it was not a sale; it depended on his will whether it should be a sale or not; I took the bill by way of security.
Court. (To Prosecutor.) Q. This is a bill directed to pay Mr. Harding? - A. The bill was accepted by Carpenter and Co. it is written across the bill, with red ink. It was taken long before it became due.
JOHN-
               
                  WALTER 
                  TOPPER
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 10, Basing-lane.
Q. That is the house to which this bill is directed? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know any persons of the name of Carpenter and Co.? - A. I do not know any person of that name carrying on business there; I live in the two pair of stairs.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TROTT
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of Hatton-garden Office: On the 27th of February last, in the evening, I received information that the prisoner at the bar was at No. 62, in the Old Bailey; I went there and the place was fast; I kneeled on my knees and saw him sitting in the kitchen by the fire-side; I knocked at the door and the door was immediately bolted; I heard the door fastened in the inside; I had got assistants, and on hearing a bustle I ran backwards and left my assistants there; just as I got to the wall at the back door, I heard somebody climbing up the high wall on the other side; I said, is that you; he was trying to get over; I have known him some years; I believe he saw my cutlass, and he dropped from the other side; I said to my assistants, some of you go backwards; I said I would break the house open; that rather alarmed him; he halloaed out, is that you, Trott; I said, yes; he said, if I would behave civil to him, he would give himself up to me; I did not take him on suspicion of this robbery; then the prisoner said to me, I thought you would have searched me; I said, it is of very little use to search you, now you have had this opportunity; I then told him that I took him for swindling; after that, I let Mr. Charman know where the watch-chain was; it had been shewn to me by one of the prisoner's clerks; I produce the watch-chain; it was delivered to me at the Office by one of Mr. Pattmore's men, and here are some blank bills.
Q. Where were his lodgings? - A. I never could find his lodgings; I found a letter in that place directed to him, with other things, tied up in this cloth.
Q. Did you say any thing to him about the watch, chain, and seal? - A. Yes; he said he did not care a button about it, for he had got the bills of parcels.
Q. Did you go to No. 10, Basing-lane? - A. Yes; first I went to No. 1, Plough-court, Lombard-street;I there found among some papers two keys, which I brought away with me, thinking they were the keys of somewhere; I went to Basing-lane, and these keys opened the door.
Q. Did you find any person of the name of Carpenter in Basing-lane? - A. I did not.
Q. Do you know that the prisoner ever lived in Plough-court, where you found those things and the keys? - A. I never saw him there.


                  DAVID 
                  GASS
               



             sworn. - I live with Mr. Patmore, Ludgate-hill, (looking at the chain,) I believe this is the same gold chain I purchased of the prisoner on the 28th of December last; I have not the least doubt but that is the chain that I bought of the prisoner; there was a watch pledged by the prisoner, I did not take it in; I have seen the duplicate, it was a silver hunter; a woman came and took that out.
(The chain identified by the prosecutor.)
Q.(To Pugh) Did you make out the bills of parcels of your own accord, or at his request? - A. At his request.
Prisoner's defence. I unfortunately knew a young man, of the name of Birch, at Birmingham, he came to London; I, having ready money in my pocket when I came to town, he told me that Mr. Carpenter and Taylor were to go and set up agents; I lent them a sum of money, for which they were to pay me interest; knowing Mr. Birch to be a respectable man at Birmingham, I let him have six hundred pounds; I drew upon him for that, and when I came to find the bills were not paid, I was frightened out of my life; I became a distressed man; I have a wife and children, and leave it to the mercy of the Judge and Jury.
Q. Have you any body to prove that you have a brother-in-law in the Lord Chamberlain's Office? - A. Yes, I have a brother here; I belong to a respectable family; I did not let my father know my situation, fearing it might break the old man's heart.


                  SOLOMON 
                  HARDING
               



             sworn. - I am a baker, in Red-cross street.
Q. Is Mr. Marsh his brother-in-law? - A. Yes, he married his sister.
Prisoner. I believe Mr. Charman knows that he is my brother-in-law; he has made some inquiry.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23. 
Of stealing only.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
