





236. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 14th of January
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Seymour 
                           Huffam
                        




                     
                  , a pocket book, value 3 s. a bank note, value 10 l. a bank note, value 5 l. three bank notes, value 2 l. each, two bank notes, value 1 l. each, a bill of exchange for the payment of 30 l. and a bill of exchange for the payment of 50 l. his property
            .


                  SEYMOUR 
                  HUFFAM
               



            . I am a merchant
, I live in Bush lane, Cannon street. On Saturday the 14th of January last, between one and two o'clock at noon, I was walking on the right hand of Cheapside


 towards the Exchange, with a friend of mine, the next witness; we came to one of the streets where there was a stoppage, occasioned by a cart coming up the street; when I turned and saw the prisoner at the bar close to me. I took particular notice of the man from various circumstances; about two or three minutes afterwards I felt a sort of a twitch at my pocket, I did not immediately take notice of it, not being used to carry my book in my outside pocket, till about a minute afterwards, when I exclaimed to my friend, I have lost my pocket book, and I added, that vagabond that is behind me has taken it; I then observed the prisoner cross the street, and my friend wanted to persuade me that I had left my pocket book at home; I told him that I had not, and we agreed to follow the man; when he got on the other side of the way to Lawrence lane, he was joined by a tall stout man, at least a taller man than himself, and shouter, they went down Lawrence lane in conversation; the prisoner turned round and saw myself and my friend following them; one went on one side of the way and one on the other.
Q. They divided - A. Yes; and when they arrived at the end of Castle court they turned sharp round there, this prisoner and the tall man; we immediately ran as fast as we could in order to obtain sight of them; we lost sight of them about two seconds; I saw them in close conversation, justling something between them; and when we came up to them at the end of Castle court that leads into Monkwell court, my friend swore at the man, and said you have robbed the gentleman of his pocket book; they appeared both of them very much confused; I observed they were in the act of dividing the spoil, and the appearance of the pocket book, the lock is nearly torn off; the pocket book was in one of their hands, but their back being towards us I could not see which it was; one of them threw the pocket book on the right hand up the court; my friend went immediately after the pocket book, and the big-man slipped under my arm and went back through Castle court; the little man immediately ran down Monkwell court, I after him, full cry; he was stopped by a man in Lad lane; I came up and took him; my pocket book contained twenty three pounds in bank notes, which at present they are in the same state as when left, and two bills of exchange, one for fifty and the other for thirty pounds.
Q. Are you sure this is the man that was by you - A. I will swear that this is the man that was behind me, I took particular notice of him, he had got a pair of sporting garters on.
Mr. Arabin. This occurred if I understand you right in Cheapside - A. Yes; about noon, it was one or two o'clock.
Q. We, that know Cheapside, know that there is a great concourse of people there about noon - A. Yes.
Q. You said that there was a stoppage there - how long did the stoppage last - A. I think it lasted about a minute and a half.
Q. That would collect a great number of people - A. Perhaps about thirty.
Q. You could not know every person in the crowd - A. No.
Q. A person inclined to go on might slip through the carts - A. Yes.
Q. You never saw the prisoner throw the pocket book away - A. I have been given to understand since it was the big man.
COURT. Although you cannot swear to every man in the crowd, you can swear this was one of them - A. I can.


                  JOHN 
                  HEATHEY
               



            . Q. You were in company with Mr. Huffam - A. I was: we were walking down Cheapside till we came to Bread street; a cart was passing down, which caused a stoppage; we had not proceeded above ten or twelve doors further down, when my friend said he had lost his pocket book; I asked him if he had not left it at home, he said no, I have lost it, and that is the man that I suspect that is going across the street; we crossed the street after him, and observed a man as big again as himself; he joined this man, and they went down Lawrence lane in conversation together; the stout man made a stop once about half way down; the prisoner at the bar then looking back, and seeing of me, pulled his companion by the elbow and went further on till he came to a court; they turned suddenly up; we both ran towards the end of the court; when we got there we were verymuch surprised to find these men very near at the top of the court; we agreed both to run after them up the court, which we did; I got there rather first, perhaps a yard or two, and to my surprise I found this prisoner and the stout man-with the pocket book in their hands.
Q. Who had the pocket book - A. The stout man; they both had their hands together; the big one had the book, the prisoner's hand was to his; I immediately exclaimed he had robbed the gentleman of his pocket book; they appeared in great confusion, and the stout man threw the book away; I ran and picked up the book, at the same time calling out stop thief; we pursued him down Monkwell court into Milk street, and he was stopped in Lad lane; the stout man made his escape; he ran back in Castle court; we immediately carried the prisoner to the Mansion house.
MR. WESTON. I am a warehouseman in Monkwell court. I saw the prisoner at the bar, he was in company with another man; their hands were together; I did not see the pocket book at that time; it appeared more than a common bustle; I looked very attentively, and I saw the pocket book thrown by one of them up the court on the right from where they stood. The prisoner ran down the court, and the other man up Castle court; one ran one way and the other the other.
Prisoner's Defence. I had taken a baker's shop
 for some time past; a person promised to pay me all the money he owed; I was going after the money, as I was obligated to pay it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
