





571. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     ROCKET
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of March
, a silver pint mug, value 5 l. ten silver table-spoons, value 2 l. sixteen silver tea-spoons, value 2 l. a pair of silver salt-cellers, value 1 l. two salt-spoons, value 5 s a cotton gown, value 15 s. five muslin gowns, value 3 l. a black lace cloak, value 5 l. eight shirts, value 4 l. ten yards of muslin, value 2 l. and four yards of dimity, value 8 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lewis
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  LEWIS
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Lewis
               



            , at Stroud-green, Islington


: In March twelve month, we gave the prisoner the key, and put him into possession, we were just moving into the house; the goods were all in the next morning. We found the house locked up, and the prisoner absconded; we found the key in a little house where he kept his working tools; when we got in, we found a little box and a chest of drawers taken away; I had seen them about half an hour before he had the key; the chest of drawers were removed into a barn just by, and the back broke; I lost the articles mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) to the amount of about 50 l. I saw the prisoner about three weeks ago in Spital-fields watch-house, in custody; I asked him how he could think of robbing us, after we had put him in possession; he made no answer to that, but when I asked him if he would acknowledge that he did it; he said he did it with another man.
Q. Did you tell him it would be better for him to acknowledge it? - A. No.
Q. Nor use any threats if he did not? - A. No: he left his own cloaths behind him in the little house where he kept his tools, and took my husband's.
Q. Had you ever slept in the house? - A. No.
Q.Nor any of your family? - A. No; he worked for our landlord; we had taken the house about six weeks before, but it was not finished; it was too damp for the family, fires were kept in it.


                  JOHN 
                  COX
               



             sworn. - I am a butcher, in Spitalfields: I saw the prisoner last Sunday three weeks, I assisted in taking him to the watch-house; he there said, if a man had not come and threatened his life, he should have had no thoughts of it; he did not say what he had done with them.


                  THOMAS 
                  HART
               



             sworn. - I asked the prisoner in the watch-house what he had done with the property; he said he had got another man to assist him down with the bureau.
Q. Did he talk of that man forcing him? - A. No; he said all the things were put in a bag, and the other man carried them away; he said he never saw the man but once before.
Prisoner's defence. I granted a man liberty to sleep in the barn one night, and the next night I gave him liberty to sleep in the little room I lived in; in the night I awoke, and saw a light; I went down stairs, and found he had got the drawers down; he threatened my life if I attempted to resist his taking them away, and he did take them away.
GUILTY, aged 59,
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
