





376. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HALSGROVE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Williams
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of nine on the night of the 28th of April
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein, a leaden stink trap, value 10 s. eight pound weight of lead pipe, value 4 s. and a copper affixed to the dwelling house, the property of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Williams
                     



.
Second count for that he being in the said dwelling house did steal the same things, and that he afterwards burglariously did break to get out of the same.


                  HENRY 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I live at No. 32, Frith-street, Soho


. On Tuesday the 28th of April, between eight and nine o'clock, my house was entered and robbed of a copper, lead pipe, and a leaden stink trap. I saw them in the course of the afternoon; the pipe had been fixed that day by the plumber's man.
Q. This house was under repair at the time. - A. Yes. I had one of my servants to sleep in the house, and a considerable quantity of my furniture was there.
Q. Was it dark - A. Yes.


                  THOMAS 
                  MEDLAM
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Williams. I am in the habit of going to the house in Frith street every night after the workmen had done their work.
Q. Where did you go from. - A. From No. 21, Church-street, to No. 32, Frith-street. I went on the 28th of April; I had fastened the doors before the robbery, and the windows; the house was all fastened. I left the house at half past seven o'clock.
Q. Was it dark. - A. It was not dark when I left it, between eight and nine o'clock. There was an alarm at 21, Church-street that a man had broke into the house in Frith-street. When I went the door was not locked, there was a lead pipe, a stink trap, and a copper was taken down from the kitchen. I had seen them before.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Do you live with the prosecutor as a servant. - A. Yes.
Q. When you found the place open the lamps were lighted. - A. Yes.
Q. When you fastened the house the lamps were not lit. - A. No.
Q. Were you examined before the magistrate. - A. Yes.
Q. Do you recollect when you was before the magistrate saying you were not positive that you fastened all the doors of the house. - A. I was always quite positive. I fastened the doors, and I found them open.


                  JANE 
                  WILKINS
               



            . I live in Frith-street. On Tuesday the 28th of April, a little after eight o'clock in the evening.
Q. Was it dark or light. - A. It was rather dark.
Q. Was it light enough to see the face of a man. - A. I could not see the face of a man. Being at my window I saw a man knock at Mr. Williams' door; after the man had knocked he crossed over opposite of my window; I could not swear to the man, he was about the height of the prisoner. About ten minutes afterwards I come down and stood at my door; I then saw two men at Mr. Williams' door, one with his face towards the lock, as if he was doing something to it with his hands, and the other with his back towards the door, with a view of watching any thing that might occur. When the man with his back towards the door saw me, he touched the other man, meaning as I suppose that he saw me. I then went into the shop and told Mr. Wilkins, my husband; on our return they were gone. I kept watching, and about a quarter of an hour more, seeing the door open from within side, and I saw a light through the crevice of the door, and a man coming out with something on his back; being dark I could not discern what it was. I immediately gave the alarm to Mrs. Williams the lady of the house at No. 21, Church-street.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. When you saw the person crossing the street you say you could not distinctly see his features. - A. No, I was at my dining room window.
Q. Had you met a man in the street you could have seen his features distinctly. - A. To be sure I could.
- MOODY. I live opposite Mr. Williams' house in Frith-street. On the 28th of April, between eight and nine o'clock, I came to the street door, there was an alarm of thieves at No. 32, I saw a man climb-over from the inside of the railing at Mr. Williams' door, I immediately made my way for him, but was too late to pursue him; he went off. On looking down the area I distinctly saw another man. I took him as he was scaling the iron railings.
Q. Who is he. - A. The prisoner now in question. I secured him fast, my master was in the house at the time; I called out to him, and Mr. Williams came down to my assistance.
Q. You do not mean that the prisoner was attempting to get away. - A. Yes, I do; he, the prisoner, was pulling me from one side of the street to the other, struggling to get away; we brought him to No. 32, and from thence took him to the watchhouse.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILKINS
               



            . Q. You are the husband of the lady that has been examined. - A. Yes. At the time the prisoner was detected, I was at the upper part of the house with the witness Medlam, Mrs. Wilkins, and Mrs. Williams the prosecutor's wife; we searched the upper part of the house on suspicion of some persons being there, when I heard the cry of thieves in the street, and my own name being called by Moody, I ran to his assistance; I saw the prisoner endeavouring to get away from him, I assisted in securing him. I saw no violence on the door; they must have got in by false keys, or picking the lock.


                  THOMAS 
                  SHARP
               



            . I had been working in the house, I left it at a quarter after six. I know the copper was there then. The next morning when I came to my work I missed the pipe and the copper.
- CRAYDEN On Tuesday the 28th of April the prisoner was in custody. When I went into the house my brother officer searched him in my presence, we found upon him a common latch key; after we had put him in the watchhouse, we returned to No. 32, Frith-street. In the area I found this iron crow.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the transaction whatever. I was walking along with my hands in my pockets, I was never near the house no more than passing it.
GUILTY, aged 30.




               Of stealing only, but not of breaking and entering the house in the night time
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
