





334. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WAKEMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3rd of April
, a watch, value 10 l. a chain value 1 s. and a key, value 3 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Robertson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTSON
               



            . I lost this watch about ten o'clock on Monday evening, the 3rd of April, near the Mansion house


; I cannot speak to seeing the prisoner that night at all.
Q. There was a crowd of people about the Mansion house - A. Yes; I felt it taken away, I felt a jerk.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PHENE
               



            . I am a confectioner. On the 3rd of April, about ten o'clock, as I was observing the company going to the Mansion house, I felt a great crowd behind; on turning round I observed the prisoner snatch a watch from a gentleman; upon which I attempted to seize him, I could not; I observed there was only one way of his making his way off; on that way I observed him, keeping my eye upon him frequently; I was again going to take him in the crowd, at that moment he came off the pavement; I then attempted to seize him, but could not; he then run, I followed at the distance of half a yard. I suppose he ran between the carriages he had the start of me on the pavement: as I came on the pavement he passed me with the cry of stop thief.
Q. Had you called stop thief before - A. I never called out at all; I instantly seized him, I never left my hold till he was put in the Poultry compter.
Q. What became of the watch - A. I cannot say.
Mr. Alley. Your curiosity was excited, like a great many more honest men, to see the company go into the Mansion house - A. Yes.
Q. You did not know the person of the gentleman at the time - A. No.
Q. Nor did you know when you saw him at the Mansion house that he was the person against whom the attempt was made - A. No.
Q. All you know you saw an attempt made by somebody on a gentleman - A. By the prisoner, I am sure of it.
Q. You supposed that the prisoner was the person that made the snatch - A. I am sure of it.
Q. The prisoner was standing near the prosecutor - A. Yes.
Q. The same impression might be in his mind; he might fancy he saw somebody snatch the watch from the prosecutor, and he might be calling out stop thief to have them taken - when he was searched you found upon him his own watch, and eight or ten pounds in money - A. When he was searched in the Poultry compter the watch was not found upon him.
Q. Do you recollect observing at the Poultry compter, that you was quite sure that he must have the watch about him, and you directed a strict search to be made - A. No, I was sure that he was not in possession of it.
Q. The next day you attended at the Mansion house and saw the prosecutor - A. No, on the second examination I saw the prosecutor.
Q. And then, and not till then, you were not able to ascertain that the watch was lost by the prosecutor - A. No.
Q. Did you never say before the watch was produced that it was a handsome watch - A. No.
Q. Then you were not able afterwards to know whether the watch that was produced was the watch that was taken at the time, supposing the prisoner stole it - A. No.
COURT. The moment you saw the watch snatchedfrom the gentleman's pocket, you never lost sight of him - A. No. When we secured him there was a mob about him; he was taken down Walbrook; some said duck him, and some pump upon him; two gentlemen came up, and said take him to the Poultry compter.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PORTER
               



            . Q. You are a marshalman - A. I am. On Easter Monday I was on duty at the Mansion house. About ten o'clock a gentleman came up to me, saying he had found a watch, he believed it to be a gold watch, he would wish to leave it in such hands as the right owner might have it. I asked the gentleman his name, and I gave the gentleman my name; the gentleman's name is Sharp.
Mr. Gleed. Are you certain it is the same watch - A. Yes.
Q. It was out of your custody - how long - A. Almost four days; then it was locked up in Mr. Hoblers's box at the Mansion house; it was delivered to me at the Mansion house; I have had it ever since.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SHARPE
               



            . I am at the Commercial docks. I was crossing Charlotte row, from that side next to the Mansion house, near ten o'clock on the day mentioned; just before I got to the pavement, I heard something fall down, and break like glass; there were several people passing at the time, they did not look at it; I put my hand down, I found it was a watch case. I looked a little further, I saw the watch.
Q. What part of Charlotte row was this - A. Between the side door of the Mansion house and the one in front.
Q. What did the crowd appear to be about - A. They appeared to me to be passing and repassing. I delivered the watch to Mr. Porter at the Mansion house.
Mr. Alley. Then the impression on your mind was, that there was no robbery then - A. I did not see any thing at all; it certainly fell on the pavement; how it came there I could not tell, I heard it drop, and was rather surprised that they that passed took no notice of it; it appeared to drop from some of the people that were passing at the time; no person stopped to pick it up, which rather surprised me.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been down to Greenwich to get my prize wages; I found the office locked up; I came back by the stage. Coming by the Mansion house I came across the street, he came and laid hold of me by the shoulders, he said stay; I said I shall not stop. I was lugged by my legs and arms, and when they got me to the Poultry compter, then the constable came and searched me, and found nothing; then they would not let me go, this young fellow would not let me go, he said he was sure I had the watch, it was a pretty watch.
JURY to Phene. When you saw the prisoner make an attempt at the watch, did you see the watch whether it was a white one, or what - A. I saw it all in his hand together, and part hanging out.
Q. You did not take any notice of the gentleman that lost the watch - A. No.



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
