





708. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     MILLER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of October
, a watch value 3 l. a coat, value 20 s. a waistcoat, value 2 s. and a pair of shoes, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Dingley
                        




                     
                   in his dwelling house
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  DINGLEY
               



            . Q. Are you a housekeeper. - A. Yes, in the parish of Twickenham


. I keep the sign of the Fox
.
Q. Did you at any time lose a watch, a coat, and a pair of shoes. - A. Yes, on the 21st of October.
Q. About what time in the day did you miss them. - A. I did not miss them till the Friday following.
Q. What day was the 21st of October. - A. Wednesday; they were then all safe in my bed room, when I got up on the Wednesday morning.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar. - A. Yes, he was quartered at my house, he is a soldier; he belongs to the 13th light dragoons. On Wednesday evening he left my house; when he went away he told me he was going to see his brother at Kingston; my bed room door was open all that day. On Friday morning early, I wanted some part of my things. I looked for them, I found them missing; and the door having been left open, I suspected he had, taken them by his not coming back, as he was to have come back the next day.
Q. Did you afterwards see your watch, coat, and shoes. - A. I saw the coat, watch, and waistcoat at Bow-street; but no shoes. I know them to be mine.


                  JOHN 
                  STRICKLAND
               



            . I am a serjeant in the West Middlesex militia; the prisoner at the bar was sworn in our regiment.
Q. You did not know that he was a soldier. - A. No. not till about four hours after he was recruited; a dragoon came and said he belonged to their regiment.
Q. You took him in custody, on what some other person told you. - A. Yes; I found a bundle about him, with a waistcoat belonging to the landlord, Dingley; I shewed it to the landlady at the Fox, she said it was her husband's waistcoat; I produce it. The prisoner told me where the property was; he said he would sooner go under the civil power than go into the 13th regiment again, then I took a post chaise, and brought him to London; I went with the officer, and took the prisoner with me, and found out were the property was; I produce the waistcoat.
Q. Where did you find the the coat and watch. - A. At 
               
                  Moses 
                  Moses
               



            ; there I found the watch; he produced it at Bow-street office.


                  MOSES 
                  MOSES
               



            . I live at 81, Rose mary-lane, I am a salesman. On the 22nd of October, about nine o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came into my shop he asked the shop boy to show him a suit of clothes; I came into the shop, after looking at the suit of clothes, he said he had got a coat and watch to change for it; he said he would take fifteen shillings in exchange for the watch and coat for that suit of cloths and hat. I found two letters on the watch W. M; I asked him what his name was, he said 
               
                  William 
                  Murray
               



            . He then shewed me a pair of overalls; I looked at them, they were military overalls. I would have nothing to do with them.
Q. Did you at last exchange this suit of clothes for his coat and this watch. - A. I did, I value the watch at thirty five shillings and the coat at twelve shillings. On the Tuesday following Smith the officer came to me from Bow-street, he asked me if I had such a coat and watch; I told him I had. I am sure the prisoner is the man.
- SMITH. Q. You are one of the conductorsof the patrol at Bow-street; in consequence of information, did you go to Moses in search of this coat and watch. - A. Yes, I produce them.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I think he has charged the watch of the value of three pounds; he has charged it to the utmost extent.
GUILTY,
Of 


               stealing, to the value of thirty nine shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
