





76. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WOODBOURNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of December
, a block hammer, value 2 s. a tea-pot head-stake, value 3 s. 6 d. a punch, value 2 s. two flat punches, value 2 s. and a pound weight of solder, value 9 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 17, Wilderness-row, Goswell-street


; I am a tin-plate worker
, the prisoner worked for me: On the 15th of December, I missed a tool, called a tea-pot head-stake; I got a warrant to search the prisoner's lodgings; I found that and a quantity of other things in our line of business; I found a block hammer, three punches, a pound of solder, with my name upon it, and other things; he had left me on the 14th; I took him up at another master's; he made his escape from the officers, but was taken again after a long run, and taken to Worship-street.


                  JAMES 
                  HALL
               



             sworn. - I am a Marshalman: I went with a search-warrant with Mr. Smith to No. 8, Silk-street, Grub-street, where the prisoner lodged; the prisoner was not at home; Mr. Smith, went into his room, and in a box in that room, which the landlord said was the prisoner's, I found these tools, (producing them.) I then went to Old-street-square, where the prisoner worked; I went into the work-shop where he was at work, and informed him I wanted him to come to see his master that he had just left; he asked me what it was about; I told him his master was below, and would inform him; when we came out of the house, Mr. Smith was in the square, and he said let me go and speak to my master; I told him it was a charge of felony, and he must go before the Magistrate; he placed his back against the wall, and swore he would not, and forced himself from us, but we caught him again.


                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 8, Silk-street, Cripplegate; the prisoner lodged in my house, he slept with another young man, he had part of a bed; I shewed the officer the room and the box belonging to the prisoner; it was my box, which my wife lent him; the other young man was a shopman in the jewellery line; I had known him some years, he had lodged with me near a twelve-month, and a very respectable character he is; the prisoner had lodged with me five weeks, he kept very regular hours, but I can swear to his bringing this hammer into my house.
Smith. This is my hammer, and the other articles are mine.
Jones. I never saw any thing but what was very honest in him.
Prisoner's defence. Mr. Smith was very badly off for tools, and I took my own tools, and his apprentices worked with them as well as myself; Mr. Smith and I had a dispute about the sort of work he gave me to do, and I left him.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
