





110. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DYER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 8th of January
, eight ducks, value 1 l. and four drakes, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas Arnold 
                     Lockley
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHEATH
               



            . I live in Westham, Essex


, I am Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Arnold Lockley
               



            's gardener. I lost these ducks last Sunday night, they were in a hen house; I missed them on Monday morning, I had seen them on the over night, between four and five in the evening; they were locked up in the hen house in an enclosed yard; I lost eight ducks from the poultry house, and five from the fattening house, and three chickens besides I lost.
Q. Why do you accuse this man of taking them - A. On Tuesday morning I went to Leadenhall market, I found twelve out of the thirteen; they were all alive.
Q. Are you sure these ducks are your master's - A. Yes; they had a private mark on them, and one of the drakes had but one eye.
Q. Do you know any thing of the man - A. He lived about a quarter of a mile from us; I cannot say I know him, I know his wife very well.


                  DENNIS 
                  RIORDEN
               



            . I was in Leadenhall market; the prisoner ran away when he heard the market people say he stole the ducks.


                  JOHN 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I buy and sell things in Leadenhall market; I live in the Borough. On Monday I bought these ducks of the prisoner.
Q. Sheath came to you and claimed some ducks - A. Yes; I bought the twelve ducks of the man at the bar; on Tuesday Mr. Sheath claimed them; I took them home on the Monday night; on the Tuesday I brought them to sell. I gave two shillings and two pence a piece for them.
Q. to Riorden. You had heard that this prisoner had sold the ducks to Rogers - A. Yes. When he heard the market people tell me that he was the man that sold the ducks he ran away and I ran down Lime street after him and catched him; I asked him how he came by the ducks; he told me he picked them up on the road; I brought him into the Poulterer's Arms and sent for a constable; the constable took him to the Poultry compter.


                  GEORGE 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . I am a constable of Leadenhall market. On Monday morning, about a quarter to six, the prisoner asked me where Mr. Rogers was; I told him he was gone to light his pipe, he would be there directly; he asked me if I could procure him a basket; I did. Mr. Rogers bought them in the market, and paid a market price for them; he returned me the basket.
Q. Is the prisoner the man - A. Yes; I am sensible of it, by his being in the market before.
Q. What was he doing in the market before - A. Selling poultry, I believe.
Q. Did you see how many ducks there were - A. No, I did not know till after he was taken.


                  JOHN 
                  PENNER
               



            . I am an officer of Cheap ward. Mr. Lockley's gardener sent to me because the officer of Leadenhall market would not take charge of this man; I took him to the Compter.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I work at the London docks; I was coming up in the morning, I saw a man with some ducks, he asked me to buy them; I gave him two shillings a piece for them; I came up to the market and sold them to Mr. Rogers for two shillings and two pence.
Q. to Sheath. How did he get the hen house open - A. He got into the yard by knocking the paling down, and then he wrenched the door open.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
