





25. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of November
, two sheets, value 6s. two blankets, value 6s. and two flat irons, value 6d. in a lodging-room
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Brewster
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  BREWSTER
               



             sworn. - I keep the Old Bell
, in Princes-street, Westminster


; the prisoner came to my house on the 5th of November, and wanted lodgings; he had lodgings for the night, and next morning he took the room at four shillings per week, ready-furnished; between two or three o'clock, on the 6th of November, he went up stairs, took the things and absconded.
GEORGE - sworn. - I am a soldier, and was quartered at the Old Bell; I saw the prisoner there on the 6th of November, and go up stairs to write; in about ten minutes, the landlady came down, and asked where the man was, and said he had robbed her; next day I saw him coming down the Park; he spoke to me, and said, he was coming up to our house immediately; I said, I was obligated to follow him; he turned back, and wanted to leave me; upon which I took hold of his coat; he begged I would go over the way with him, as he wanted to speak privately to me; I refused, telling him, he was my prisoner for robbing his lodgings, and I took him into custody.
Jury. 
               Q. 
            (To Brewster,) Was it prssible for people to go up stairs without your seeing them? - A. No, my wife was in the next room; no other person had been in the room.
Prisoner's defence. I lately came to town from Portsmouth, and met with an acquaintance at Westminster; we went into this house, and set down gambling for a shillingsworth of spirits; I slept there all night, but I never took the lodgings or the things. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
