






242. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILKINSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of April
, a great coat, value 39 s.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Dell
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  DELL
               



             sworn. - On the morning of the 7th of April, a little before eight, I went into my house to breakfast, by the side door that I have in Cumberland court


; I saw my great coat hanging up; the servant was washing the steps of the front door; Mr. Morris, a neighbour, came and askedthe maid if she had lent my great coat to any man; she said, no; he gave her some information that two men had the coat; I went out, and he pointed out the prisoner Brown; he said, that is him that stood at the door, while the other went into the passage; he had nothing about him then; I followed him as far as Lewkner's lane, Drury-lane, and he went into a public-house; when he came out of the public-house he went down Lewkner's-lane into a house there, and, in about five minutes after he had been in that house, the other prisoner came up to him in the street; then I had suspicion of them both, that they were concerned in taking the coat; they both then went into this public-house, where I had followed Brown to; when I saw them go into that public-house, I ran immediately to Bow-street and got an officer, and he went and took charge of them, I never found the coat.


                  MARTHA 
                  CARTER
               



             sworn. - I was cleaning the door, between seven and eight o'clock, and saw the two prisoners at the bar standing loitering about the opposite side of the way; I saw them four or five minutes; I am sure of their persons; I had occasion to go down stairs for a pail of water, and might be four or five minutes down stairs getting the water; when I came back to the door, Mr. Morris, the baker, informed me that two men had stole it; he pointed the men out to me, and one had my master's great coat under his arm; they were both together at that time.
Q. How far might he be from you then? - A. About twice as far as I am from him now; I am sure that the men that he pointed out to me, were the men that I had seen loitering about.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORRIS
               



             sworn. - On the morning of the 7th of April, I saw the two prisoners the other side of the street; they were talking together; I live next door to Mr. Dell; I could see them very well looking out of my window; and having a great deal of bread in my window; I watched them; I saw the prisoner Wilkinson go into Mr. Dell's; he had nothing in his hand, because I took particular notice of him; when he went in, he brought out a great coat with him; I might have took him if I liked, but I did not know whether he had stolen it; I called to the maid, to know whether she had lent her master's great coat; she said, no; then I said the man has stolen it; I pointed out the man to her; they both walked very gently away, Wilkinson having the coat under his arm; Mr. Dell came out, and I pointed out to him, Brown, as Wilkinson then had got off with it, Mr. Dell pursued Brown.
Q. The two prisoners were both together before you saw Wilkinson come out of Dell's with the coat? - A. Yes, they went up the passage of the court together, after they had got the coat, and Brown stood still at the door, while Wilkinson went in and took the coat.
Wilkinson's defence. I work for Mr. Slade, of Oxford-street; he told me to carry a chaise axle-tree to Mr. Thorp's, in Holborn; after that, I went into this public-house, and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Brown
               



             was sitting there; he asked me to have a pint of beer, and before the beer came into the tap-room, Dell and this man came in, and said I was one of their prisoners. I know no more of the charge than the child unborn.
Brown's defence. I had not been out of my bed ten minutes; I went to this house, where I usually use, and I never saw the man before that time we met accidentally at this public-house.
Q.(To Morris.) You have not the least doubt about their persons? - A. No. not in the least.
Wilkinson, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.
Brown, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
