





352. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     CLEMENTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Faveryer
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of twelve, in the night of the 21st of February
, and burglariously stealing twenty yards of Irish linen, value 30s. a cotton shawl, value 2s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 4s. the property of the said Joseph
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  FAVERYER
               



             sworn. - I live in Baker's-rents, Hackney-road, in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green


: I have a ready furnished room, every room is let out in tenements, the owner lives two doors off; my wife and I had a back chamber up one pair of stairs; we went out on the 21st of February, about noon, and came home again the 22d, about the same time; I turned the key myself, and saw that it was locked, before I left it, I returned before my wife; when I came to the door, I found the staple wrenched out, my landlord had put a padlock on it, he let me into the room with the key; I immediately missed a piece of Irish linen cloth, about twenty yards, a pair of white cotton stockings, and a yellow shawl; I left the Irish cloth and the stockings upon the table, the shawl hung upon the chair: the prisoner lived in the same house; I have seen the things since, in the possession of Armstrong the officer.


                  CHARITY 
                  FAVERYER
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of Joseph Faveyer: On 21st of February I went out with my husband; I locked the door, and tried the latch; I left the Irish linen lying on the table, and the brown paper under it that it came home in, it was bran new linen; and the stockings upon the table were bran new; I cannot say whether the shawl was upon the table or on the back of the chair; I returned the next day after my husband, he came home first, I missed of him by the way; when I came home I missed the property.


                  RALPH 
                  MASSEY
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 3, Kingstand-road, I am a broker: On the 24th of February, the prisoner came to my house, she had been with me before, and sold me some duplicates of her own clothes; she came to me on the 24th of February, with a piece of linen, and a pair of stockings for sale; I had redeemed the clothes, and she had them back from me; there was twenty shillings in all; and besides that, I gave her ten shillings in money, I did not purchase them, not take them asa pawn, but she said she was in distress; she was to have them back if she paid me the money in a month's time; she said she had been in a very creditable way, and was reduced; that she wanted the clothes to appear in among her friends, and she would redeem them; I kept the cloth till the 14th of April, when Armstrong came with her for it, and I produced it to Armstrong, he took it into his possession.
Q. Are you sure the linen, and the shawl, and stockings, that you shewed to Armstrong, are the same that you had from the prisoner? - A. I am; I had kept them in a drawer.


                  ANN 
                  STONARD
               



             sworn. - I have an apartment in the same house with the prisoner; I saw Mrs. Faveryer lock the door, I saw the property there when they went out, my door faces their's; I went out about three o'clock in the afternoon, it was safe then; the door appeared to me to be shut, but I did not try it.
Prisoner. I had the cloth from that woman to sell, and she paid her landlord part of the rent out of the money, and bought herself a pair of shoes with it.
Stonard. I was very much distressed, and my brother-in-law came and gave me half-a-guinea in gold, because I was in such distress; and I paid my landlord three shillings, and bought a pair of shoes for four shillings and sixpence.
Court. Q. What was the name of your brother-in-law? - A. 
               
                  William 
                  Bryson
               



            .
Prisoner. She was committed to Clerkenwell with me.
Court. (To Stonard.) Q. Were you committed to Clerkenwell prison? - A. I was there with her, on account of what she said, from six o'clock in the evening till ten the next morning, and then the Justice released me.
Q. (To Massey.) Did you give the prisoner half-a-guinea? - A. Yes; and she went out and brought me sixpence in change, she might be out five minutes; she had the whole change in her hand when she came to me.
Q. How far is it from where you live to the prisoner's lodgings? - A. They may be three hundred yards; I do not suppose it is much more.


                  HENRY 
                  BAKER
               



             sworn. - I am the owner of this lodging house; I do not live in any part of it myself, I live two doors from it; I went up on the 22d of February to see if Faveryer was at home, it was just dusk then, I was told he was not at home; I went again next morning, and lifted up the latch of the door, and found the staple gone; I then went into the room, I saw Stonard, she lives in the front room opposite; she said they had a piece of new cloth in the room; the staple laid down inside of the room, I went and put a padlock upon the door.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn. - On Monday the 14th of April, I was applied to by the prosecutor to apprehend the prisoner at the bar, I went to the apartments and took her into custody; when we were up stairs, the prosecutor's wife said, I only want my things; and in going along, she told me she would shew me where the things were, and took me to Mr. Massey's, whom I knew well; I then went with the prisoner to Massey's house, and he produced me the linen, the shawl and the stockings; I took them, and desired Massey to follow me to the Justice; the woman was committed, and through what she said against Stonard, Mason and Ray apprehended her; through my persuasions, Stonard took one of the children to take care of while I took her to the Justice; she did not then say any thing about Stonard, she was not apprehended till next morning. (Produces the property.)
Mrs. Faveryer. I know these to be mine, they are the same things that I lost; the cloth has been out since, it was a whole piece when I lost it; I had only cut off three yards of it; the shawl has been washed since I lost it, I never had it on.
Prisoner's defence. That woman sent for me down stairs, and informed me that her brother had given her some cloth, and asked me to sell it for her.
GUILTY. (Aged 33.)




               Of stealing the goods, but not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron CHAMBER.
