





103. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of December
, three shillings and eighteen halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Evan 
                     Evans
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  EVANS
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Evan 
                  Evans
               



            ; my husband is a labourer
, and works for Mr. Booth, in Cow-cross: On the 19th of December, I was sitting in my back room, with my back to the shop; I heard a noise, I turned round, and saw the prisoner standing close to the counter; I keep a chandler's-shop in Portpool-lane


; I went out and shut the shop door, and he asked me for a halfpennyworth of Spanish liquorice; I put my hand into the drawer in the counter, and missed my money directly; I asked him what he had done with my money; you villain, says I, you have got my money in your pocket; he put his hand in his pocket, and took out two shillings and a penny; I said, you have got one shilling more in your pocket; he said, he had not a farthing in the world more; he put his hand in his pocket, and pulled out a shilling among some halfpence; I called one of the lodgers down stairs, and the woman came down; he dropped on his knees, and said, pray let me go, and don't take me up; there were about three shillings worth of halfpence in the drawer, I cannot tell how much he had taken; he pulled out eight pence or a shilling's worth; the shop door was ajar; it was about half past two o'clock in the afternoon.
- sworn. - I was called down, and found the prisoner in the shop; he said he had got the money for driving cattle into Smithfield; I fetched a constable, and when I came back, he went down upon his knees, and said, take your money, don't send me to Newgate.
Prisoner's defence. It was my own money.
Mrs. Evans. One of the shillings I can swear to; I had cut a piece out of it before the prisoner came in.



               GUILTY
            , aged 14.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
