






346. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RANNS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STONNELL
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of May
, 102 pounds of lead, fixed to a certain building, called a house
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Taddy
                  




               
            .
Second Count. For like offence, not stating it to be a house.


                  JAMES 
                  TADDY
               



             sworn. - I am building a house near Mile-end


, the house is partly finished: On the 7th of May, I missed the lead from both the wings.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITHERS
               



             sworn. - I am a plumber: I was employed by Mr. Taddy to roof his house with lead, the flap of one wing, and the hip of the other.
Q. When did you last see the building with the lead on? - A. On Friday, the 4th of May; and on the Monday following I went down by the order of Mr. Taddy, to see what was taken away, and the flap of one wing was cut, and some part torn away, and on the other wing the lead of that hip was very near gone.
Q. Have you ever seen the lead again that you supposed might be taken off these premises? - A. Going down the road the next morning by the side of the Globe, I was called by some bricklayers; they said there was some of the lead found; I went into the Globe, and there I saw the two prisoners at the bar in custody, and the lead lying on the table.


                  MARIA 
                  SUTTON
               



             sworn. - I live in Bethnal-Green: Last Tuesday week I was walking up Tottenham-fields, between six and seven o'clock in the morning.
Q. Were the fields near Mr. Taddy's new house? - A. Yes; I saw the two prisoners come along; they stopped right over where I was; one of them said to the other, this is the place; I was about five or six yards distance from them. They pulled down part of the bank, and took out one piece of lead, and tied it up in a piece of dirty cloth; the other replied, will you have my apron to put the other in; I cannot say which it was; he took the apron, and I saw him take another piece, and put it in that apron, and tied it up; I went immediately, and informed 
               
                  John 
                  Mills
               



            , he worked for Mr. Taddy; the bank where they took this lead from, is not a quarter of a mile from the new house.


                  JOHN 
                  MILLS
               



             sworn. - Q. You remember the young woman coming to you on the morning of the 8th of May? - A. Yes; she informed me that she saw two men take some lead from the bank; I ran after them, and took them, I was at work for Mr. Taddy at the same time; I found two bundles of lead on them in dirty cloths, and I apprehended them; there were several come to my assistance, and we took them to the Globe; Philips came into the Globe, and I shewed the lead to him; we took them before a Justice, and they were committed.
Q. What did you do with the lead? - A. I left it at the constable's house.


                  THOMAS 
                  PRIGMORE
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: I took the two prisoners into custody; Mills brought me the lead; the two pieces have been in my custody ever since.
(The lead produced and identified.)
Stonnal's defence. This man came to the house where I lodged on Monday night, to take a night's lodging there, at No. 11, Kingsland-road, and the next morning I got up to go to work, and I met him coming out of his room; I asked him what o'clock it was, and he told me; I worked at Leadenhall-market, in the leather market; I said it was far too late to go to work, I have lost a day's work; he said, if you want a job, I will give you a job, I will give you half-a-crown, and somevictuals and drink, to take some goods that belong to me, about two miles distance; I asked him what it was; he said, when you come there, you will know what it is; he took me to a field, and he went into the ditch on one side of this field; I asked him if this was the place, and he said it was; with that he went into the ditch, and uncovered some stuff, and we took these two pieces of lead out of the bank; I lent him my apron, and he wrapped it up; he took one piece, and I took the other, till we got into a foot-path; then we met about half a dozen men that stopped us, and asked him where he was going; he told them it was his property, and they insisted upon knowing how he came by it.
Rann's defence. Upon the 7th of May I went down to Blackwall to see an acquaintance of mine: on returning home, I was going past Bethnal-green, and this lead lay on one side, bare as it is now; I thought I had as much right to it as any other person, so I covered it up and went to Kingsland-road, where I lodged, and I employed him in the morning to take it away, about seven o'clock, and we were detected; I found the lead, and hired this man to assist me in taking it away.
Ranns, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Stonnal, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
