





681. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of August
, a silver watch, value 3l. a seven-shilling piece, three shillings, and a farthing, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - On the 21st of August, about ten o'clock at night, I was going home to my lodgings in Mount-street, Grosvenor-square; I was quite sober; the prisoner came up to me, and walked up the Haymarket


 with me; she asked me to give her something to drink; I told her I would not, I did not want any thing with her; she followed me very close, and put her arm round my body, and when I got to the top of the Haymarket, I felt my watch drawing out of my pocket; I immediately caught hold of her hand with my watch in it; I then found my breeches-pocket unbuttoned, and my money gone; I missed a seven-shilling piece, three shillings, and a bad farthing, which I can swear to; it is a very particular one; the constable found it upon her; I never found the seven-shilling piece or the silver.
(
               
                  George 
                  Donaldson
               



            , a constable, produced a bad farthing, which was identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I never saw his money; he used me very ill because I told him I could not take him home with me; it was me that called the watchman.
Q. (To Smith.) Did you offer to go home with her? - A. No, I am not a man of that description.
GUILTY, aged 37,




               Of stealing the goods, but not privily from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blane.
