





27. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  PRICE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of December
, one hundred and forty yards of printed callico, value 8 l. the property of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Moore
                     




                  , in the dwelling house of Elizabeth Sewell Neale, and 
                     
                        John 
                        Cadwallader
                     



.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MOORE
               



            . I am a warehouseman
; I live at 34, Ironmonger-lane


.
Q. Do you keep this house - A. No, It is Neale and Cadwallader's house. This warehouse which I have is seperate from theirs; they are shut out from me entirely, and I have a door into the street. All I know is, the prisoner was brought back in the custody of two officers, and the five pieces of callico also.
WILLIAM TRANGE. I am clerk to Mr. Moore. On Monday, the 4th of December, about half past nine in the morning, I was in the accompting-house, I saw the prisoner come in and take from the counter a quantity of prints, he ran out with them; I followed him as soon as I was able; I saw him about half a dozen yards from the door with the prints under his arm; I pursued him down Ironmonger lane with the cry of stop thief; about half way down Ironmonger-lane I saw two men coming up which I believe to be constables: when he saw them he directed his course into a church-yard leading into the Old Jewry; I and the constables pursued him into the Old Jewry, there he stopped and was taken; I believe I was the first that collared him; I never lost sight of him from the first time I saw him with the goods under his arm, untill he was taken. When I collared him he asked me what I wanted; I told him I wanted him.
Q.What became of the prints - A. I saw him drop them; a servant of Mr. Boydell was sweeping the door, he saw me pursuing the prisoner, and saw him drop the prints, and remained with them untill we returned and the man with us.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WALTER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Boydell. On the 4th of December I saw the prisoner run past me and drop some prints from under his arm; he was pursued by the last witness. I stood by the goods untill he was brought back by the officers.
JOHN BROWN. About half past nine on Monday morning I was going down Ironmonger-lane; I heard the cry of stop thief, the prisoner was coming towards me; he saw me, he turned round, ran through a church yard into the old jury; I caught him in the middle of the Old Jewry and took him back to the house.
Prisoner's Defence. At nine o'clock in the morning I was going down the street, I ran after the man that stole the print, I saw the man, he ran on; I stopped a lad; it was then I was taken into custody.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 18.
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            :
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
