





444. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     BRYAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th of June
, a shawl, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Godden
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Pollock.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GODDEN
               



            . - Q. Where do you live. - A. At No. 10, Leicester-square


, I am a linen draper
. On the 9th of June in the evening, in consequence of hearing some altercation in the shop between the young man and the prisoner, I came out of my back shop and went into the front shop; the young man told me that he had missed a shawl; I asked him if he was certain the shawl was on the counter, he said he was quite positive it was on the counter; I then told the prisoner if she had the shawl she had better give it up; she said she had not got it; at the same time she put her hand under her clothes, and seemed as if she was throwing something down.
Q. You said she put her hand under her clothes - what do you mean. - A. She put her hand under her apron, through her pocket hole, and turned her child round on the ground; I saw the shawl drop from under the prisoner's clothes, I picked it up, sent for an officer, and I delivered her and the shawl into Limerick's hands.


                  JOHN 
                  NAYLOR
               



            . Q. Are you shopman to Mr. Godden. - A. Yes.
Q. Do you recollect on the 9th of June the prisoner coming into Mr. Godden's shop. - A. I do; she asked to look at some shawls, I put some on the counter; she said they would not do, she wished to look at some which were rather better; I turned my back to her to take some more down, I throwed her down a light coloured shawl, which she said would not do. I told her I thought she had taken a shawl from off the counter, she said she had not; I told her then the child had got it if she had not; I desired her to take the child from her breast, and I dare say the shawl would fall; she did take the child from her breast, but the shawl did not fall down. I came out from behind the counter, and told her she must be searched. I put the door to; at that time Mr. Godden came in; the prisoner wanted to get out, she walked backwards and forwards some time.
Court. Did you see the shawl drop from her. - A. I did not.
Q. Did you see her take the shawl. - A. I did not.
Q. Were there any other persons in the shop belonging to Mr. Godden. - A. Not in the shop; there was another in the back shop.
Q. What was it induced you to think she had taken the shawl. - A. I had taken two quantities of shawls down of the same colour; I missed one of them, I did not know how many there were at the time; it proved only to be one of each colour, and one was taken.
Q. Had you any suspicion of her taking this one until you missed it. - A. No, I had not.
(The property produced and identified)
Prisoner's Defence. I had a child in my arms when I went into this shop; the young man took down a parcel of shawls, as much as his hands could contain, he turned his back to reach some more down; if I had a mind to take them I could have taken a great many; when he turned round he said he missed a shawl, I said he was welcome to search me, I did not pretend to get out. When he came out from behind the counter, he brought out the shawl on his foot, and then he said that I had it.
GUILTY, aged 27.




               Of stealing to the value of four shillings and nine-pence only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
