





343. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BURKE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of May
, twenty-seven yards of printed cotton, value 35 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Middleditch
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  MIDDLEDITCH
               



             sworn. - I live at the corner of Great Newport-street, the corner of Long-Acre


: I am a linen-draper
; the prisoner at the bar came into my shop last Saturday evening; she told me she wanted about seven yards of printed cotton, at about 2 s. a yard; I shewed her several pieces, and there was one piece which we measured was only six yards and a quarter; she said that was not enough for a gown; she would have a yard and a half of it for a child's frock; I told her I could not cut that; she then fixed on another piece; I cut her a yard and a half off, and then she wished to have a little bit cut off the six yards and a quarter for a pattern; I then rather suspected her from her behaviour; she came in about nine o'clock in the evening; I turned over the pieces on the counter I had shewn her; I missed one of the pieces; I was not willing to tax her with it without I was certain; I counted them over a second time; I still found there was one missing; she paid me the money for the yard and a half, and was going away; I stepped over the counter to where she was; I perceived a quarter of a yard hung below her petticoats; I took her by the arm and pulled this piece of print from under her clothes; I told my man to go for a constable; the man was engaged at the other end of the shop, in folding up goods; the beadle came and took her into custody. (The cotton produced, and identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I went into this gentleman's shop last Saturday evening; my husband is on board of a man of war, and his brother allows me a small sum, so far as his pocket will allow; I had pledged all my clothes; I went to that shop to buy a gown, and the piece that I pitched upon was only six yards and a quarter; I told him there was not enough; he told me there was; I told him I did not wish to have less than seven yards; he rather urged me on the business; I immediately said, there was not sufficient; I bought a yard and a half for the child, and paid 2 s. 7 d 1/2. I was coming out of the shop, and he said, come back, and have that print; I told him, whenever I bought a piece of print I liked to have half a yard over to mend it; he then said I had robbed him; I told him I had not; he sent his man to get a constable; I told him he had no right to detain me; I had left my children in the street; the beadle came and took me to St. Martin's watch-house; I had a one-pound bill in my pocket; I declare to you all that I never took that piece of cotton; I did not see it; he might as well say it was forty yards as what he has.
GUILTY,
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
