





223. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SIMMONDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of January
, two gowns, value 3l. three shirts, value 21s. two tablecloths, value 7s. a shift, value 4s. a pillow-case, value 1s. and a piece of cloth, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Collingdon
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  COLLINGDON
               



             sworn. - I live at Colnbrook, I am a publican
, I keep the sign of the Green-man: I lost the property from Colnbrook


; the prisoner was taken at New Brentford, and the property found drying in a barn; my house is in Buckinghamshire; they were hung up to dry on Wednesday the 19th of January, and were missing on the Friday morning; I saw them at the Justices, in Bow-street, on Saturday morning;they were in the possession of Collett, the officer; the prisoner acknowledged where he had disposed of some of them, those I have got, the officer has the rest; I should know them when I see them.
Q. Did you ever see the man on the premises?- A. He came to my house on the Thursday, and had a pint of beer; he said, he had been out of employ, and asked me to give him a bit of bread; then he asked me if I could give him a job, I was unloading some wood; he sat about to help me to get it in; I then got him to wheel some barrows of dung into the orchard, and then desired him to put the spade in the barn, where the things were drying, and I locked the barn, he staid till about nine o'clock, and then went away, this was Thursday night; on Friday morning, I went into the barn to get some coals, and saw two waistcoats of mine, and one of the boys, which had been removed, lying on the coals, it was then scarcely light; they were lying underneath the left-hand window, where he must have got in; on missing the things, I went in search of the man about eight o'clock at night; I heard of his being apprehended at Brentford; I saw the prisoner there in the cage; I enquired of the officer, he said, he had some things in his possession, and most likely they were mine, as I had described the marks.
CHARLES COLLETT sworn. - I am a constable; I stopped the prisoner in New Brentford, at a place called the Butts; on Friday, the 21st of January, about one o'clock, a person informed me a thief was gone through the town, with wet linen; I met a crowd of people with him, nobody would give charge of him, and I took charge of him myself; he had a bag in his hand; I asked him what he had in it, he said, his wife's clothes; this is the bag, (producing it;) there was one gown in the bag, and one in his pocket, three shirts, two tablecloths, one shift, and a piece of cloth.
Mr. Collingdon. I have looked at the things, I can swear to them.
Prisoner's defence. There was another man gave me them out of the barn, and told me to go along the road with them, and he never came after.
Q.(To Collingdon.) Was there any man with him at your house? - A.There was a marine, who treated him, but he staid all night.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
