





372. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MOORE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of March
, two halfcrown pieces, four shillings, and a sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Huggins
                     




                  , privily from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HUGGINS
               



             sworn. - Q. What are you? - A. I am a porter
 at Mr. Perrott's hotel, but I was out of place at the time I had my pocket picked: On the 2d of March, as the Lord-Mayor was going into St. James's palace


, I found my breeches-pocket unbuttoned, and I buttoned it up again, and I found my money was safe; then I was looking over the people's shoulders, and James Bly, the officer, caught hold of the prisoner by the arm; I turned round, and found my pocket turned inside out; the prisoner was taken to Queen-square, and there was a particular half-crown, which I had taken the night before, found upon the prisoner, together with the rest of the money I lost, except a sixpence; I lost two half-crowns, four shillings, and sixpence.
Q.One half-crown you can swear to? - A. Yes.
Q.You did not feel him or see him pick your pocket? - A. No, I felt myself very much crowded.


                  JAMES 
                  BLY
               



             sworn. - Q. You were attending at St. James's? - A. I attended the procession; I saw the prisoner; I saw that he saw me, and immediately said hold of him; he asked me what I wanted with him; he said, I was always trobling him; Huggins immediately came up, and said he had had his pocket picked; I took the prisoner, and desired Huggins to follow me to the Office.
Q. Had you not seen him do any thing? - A. No; I searched him at the Office, and found two half-crowns upon him, and four shillings. (Produces them.)


                  THOMAS 
                  SKINNER
               



             sworn. - I am an officer; I was in company with Bly; I did not observe any thing more than Bly has said; Bly seized him, and desired me to assist him.
Bly. When I searched him, I laid the money down in the Office; I turned my head, and he endeavoured to secrete the marked half-crown; I took it out of his hand; when I searched him, I found, concealed under his coat, this silk handkerchief. (Producing it.)
Q.(To Huggins.) Look at that money? - A. I am perfectly sure this is the half-crown that I lost; it has the letter G upon it; the other I believe to be mine; it has a head on one side, and is plain on the other.
Prisoner's defence. It is my own money; I took it at market either the night before, or that day, I am not sure which; I buy fowls, and retail them out; Huggins said before the Magistrate he could not positively swear to that half-crown.
GUILTY, aged 39.
Of 


               stealing, but not privily from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
