





173. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     THORNHILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2nd of February
, three pair of cotton stockings, value 3 s. three pair of silk stockings, value 1 l. seven shirts, value 30 s. a pair of trowsers, value 5 s. three waistcoats, value 15 s. two pair of breeches, value 2 l. three sheets, value 30 s. three table cloths, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George Adam 
                           Ross
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Burton
                     



.


                  GEORGE 
                  ADAM ROSS
               



            . I am in the navy
.
Q. Did you at any time lose any articles of wearing apparel and linen. - A. I lost them at different times. I lodge in Blenheim-street


, in 
               
                  Henry 
                  Burton
               



            's house; he lives on the ground floor.
Q. Do you know what parish that house is in. - A.
               
                   
                  St. George
               

            's Hanover-square.
Q. Did the prisoner live with you as servant. - A. As groom
 and valet
.
Q. Did you at any time charge him with taking any of these things that you missed. - A. Not till I had taken him up. On Tuesday the second of February, there were things missed in the house, which gave me suspicion.I got a search warrant, Foy searched him; he was first searched at the stable; I went with the officer and searched a trunk there in the ostler's room; I had a horse stood at Mr. Newport's livery stable in Oxford Road. The prisoner produced a key out of his pocket, and opened the trunk.
Q. Did you see any thing found in the trunk. - A. Yes, several articles - shirts, sheets, and stockings; the officer has them. We searched his lodgings, in the same house where I lodge myself; in a trunk that was opened by a key, which he likewise produced, there were several things found belonging to me.
Q. You cannot tell at what time you missed any of these articles. - A. No; I did not miss them at any particular time.


                  JOHN 
                  FOY
               



            . Q. You are an officer of the police. - A. I am, of Marlborough-street office. I took the prisoner in custody, and then I went with him to the Golden Horse livery stables in Oxford-street; the prisoner went with us to the ostler's room, and pointed out the trunk, he said it was his; the prisoner opened the trunk with this key; this is the trunk. These things were in the trunk at the time it was opened, and at the trunk at his master's we found the other articles.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. The things have been in my box ever since last May, just as they were removed from the cottage. They were in the same room with my master's property.
Q. to prosecutor. Had you removed your place of abode from a cottage. - A. I had a place at a cottage, a few miles from town, from which I arrived last May; I kept them locked up while I was in possession of a cottage; I gave him the key of the place where the things were, for him to put them in trunks to be brought to town. At that time I suppose the linen must have been stolen.
Q. Did you order him to put the linen into his trunks. A. No; that trunk he bought a little time before he was taken up; some of the articles I have worn since I came to town; such as shirts and stockings; but the table linen I had not used.
Q. I take it for granted you had not ordered them to be removed to the livery stables. - A. Certainly not.
Prisoner. Not having room in the box to put it in, I put it in the trunk; I have had the care of it ever since last May. I was charged by Mr. Burton of stealing a pair of boots; on which he informed me I should be discharged without my wages; I never parted with any thing, I was going to take them back; Mr. Ross knows the gentleman I lived with before; he had a good character with me.
Prosecutor. The gentleman gave him a good character.
Q. Do you know the gentleman. - A. No, I never saw him before or since, except the day I went and enquired his character; he was a gentleman in the Custom house.
Q. to Foy. At the time you apprehended the prisoner, and on your asking him to shew you where the box was, he took you to the livery stables - did he go willingly with you. - A. Yes; he gave us the key of the box, and said, as his master took the things out, his master had given him them; his master said he had not. After that he said he hoped his master would forgive him, and not go any further in it.
COURT. - The prisoner is charged with stealing the articles in the indictment in the dwelling house of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Burton
               



            . - I a person, while things are under the protection of a dwelling house, is found guilty of stealing to the value of forty shillings and upwards, the law makes it a capital felony. It is necessary to make particular enquiry, to know the value of the articles stolen, where the value of the articles are above forty shillings, and the articles are not proved to be taken at one time; in that case it is necessary to have the value of each article separate, especially when they are not taken at one time. You will have to determine, from the evidence, whether the prisoner did steal these articles or not; if you are satisfied he did - the next question will be, whether he took them in the dwelling house, and whether you can fix your mind so as to say that he took away any quantity at one time, because many articles taken at different times will not constitute a capital felony. Mr. Ross cannot fix upon any of the articles, so as to be positive that they were taken at once, neither can he ascertain that any one article is of the value of forty shillings. It is not likely any one article is worth that value; therefore in favour of the prisoner it is reasonable to suppose that he stole not any article at one time of the value of forty shillings, so as to make it a capital offence.




               GUILTY
            , aged 45.
Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Le Blanc.
