







196. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     GEORGE ALEXANDER 
                     BREMMER
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM THOMPSON 
                     SKIRRARD
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Aireton
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of three at night on the 14th of January
, and burglariously stealing therein five violins, value 4 l. his property
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  AIRETON
               



            . I live in Church street, Soho, in the parish of St. Ann, Westminster


, I am a violin maker
, I keep a shop there; on the 14th of January I lost five violins.
Q. Do you know what time you lost them - A. About three o'clock in the night.
Q. Had you shut up your shop the night before - A. Yes; the shutters were taken down; I forgot to screw them.
Q. Then any body could take them down on the outside - when the shutters were taken down, what prevented them from taking any thing out of the shop - A. They were taken out by breaking the window.
Q. The window was broke was it - A. Yes.
Q. Had you seen the window so the evening before - A. It was broken, it had been cracked, and I had put some putty to keep it tight, the window does not slide or open; nobody could get any thing out except through one of the panes; one pane of glass had been cracked, but kept together with putty; that was the window that was broken.
Q. Was that sufficiently strong, so as to require same force to break it open - A. I think so; it would not have fell out without being touched.
Q. Have you seen any of the violins since - A. I saw two about half after three in the morning; I was alarmed in the middle of the night by the watchman; I went to the watchhouse; there I saw the three prisoners.


                  JOHN 
                  BRIXEY
               



            . I was constable of the night. The prisoners were brought to the watchhouse by the watchmen, past three o'clock on Sunday night the 14th of January; the violins were brought with them; they have been in my custody ever since.


                  JAMES 
                  MANN
               



            . I am a patrol; on the 14th of January I was on duty.
Q. Did you see the prisoners before the shop was broken open or after - A. After. I saw three or four of them at Mr. Aireton's window, I heard a noise when the shutters were pulled down, I was but three doors off; there was a great noise of the shutter, and then a breaking of glass in a moment; I ran to the place, I saw three or four people run; I pursued Stevens, I saw him with one hand coming out of Mr. Aireton's window, and one of these fiddles dropped out of his hand; I catched hold of Stevens' collar, we had a good roll in the snow; I took Stevens to the watchhouse; I saw the others brought into the watchhouse, they were apprehended by other people.
Skirrard. I wish you to speak whether I was one of the party or no - A. No, I do not pretend.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WALSH
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 14th of January I was on duty; this patrol and me were on duty; he just came up and challenged me whether all was well; we heard a shutter come down as plain as though we were by it; in about a minute we heard the glass fly; we went up immediately, I struck at Bremmer with my stick, he throwed his arm forward, and let a fiddle drop; I pursued him, I was not fifteen yards from him all the time; I saw Bremmer stopped by Buckley, another watchman; I went afterwards and picked up the fiddle and took it to the watch-house. The fiddle was given to Brixley, the constable of the night.
- BUCKLEY. I am a watchman; I was on duty on the 14th; I heard a watchman cry out Stop thief, and he sprang his rattle; I catched Bremmer, he was carried to the watchhouse; I delivered him to them watchmen.


                  JOHN 
                  KELLY
               



            . I am a watchman.
Q. Were you on duty on the 14th - A. I was, in St. Giles's parish, about an hundred yards from Mr. Aireton's; I heard the rattles sprung, and the cry of stop thief; I saw two men run from the place where the shop was broken open, I stopped Skiddard; the other man run away. When Skiddard saw me coming he cried stop him, they were running towards me; the other man changed his direction, the prisoner Skiddard stood still and cried stop thief; Skiddard had nothingwith him, he told me he was coming from a club, and that he was not one of the persons at all.
Q. to prosecutor. What is the value of these two violins - A. Not so much as forty shillings.
Stevens' Defence. I was coming by that place, this man ran after me and catched me; I had been to a public house with my father, my father had left me and I was going home.
Bremmer's Defence. On Saturday evening I went to Well street with an acquaintance, and after having a supper with him I was returning home to my lodgings in Drury lane; on my going on I kicked my foot against something, it proved to be a violin: a watchman knocked me on the back part of my head; I heard the cry of stop thief, and for fear of being thought one of the party, I run.
Skiddard's Defence. I was passing from Baker street, Manchester square; coming along I heard the watchman say, there is thieves, pursue them; I ran behind this watchman ten yards; he ran after the man down a court; I run back again and passed the place; he turned back and ran after me; I stood still and said I am not one of the part.
STEVENS, GUILTY, aged 19.
BREMMER, GUILTY, aged 24.




               Of stealing only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SKIDDARD, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Bailey.
