





422. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BRIANT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of May
, a Bank note, value 5 l. a 2 l. Bank note, and a 1 l. Bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     King
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  KING
               



             sworn. - I am a seaman
; I was coming through East Smithfield


, between the hours of eleven and twelve at night, when this girl stopped me in the street, and asked me to have a drop of gin; I told her to let me go, I would not go in with her; she took hold of me, and I went in; she put her hands round me, and took the notes out of my pocket; she ran out of the door, and there was another girl that was with her; I took hold of the other girl and gave charge of her, and we were both put into the watch-house together; the next morning she said to the Magistrate, if she was let go, she would tell where the girl lived who robbed me. The prisoner is the girl who took the money from me.
Q. Were you sober? - A. I had been drinking, but I was as well in my senses as I am now.
Q. Are you sure that is the woman who took the notes? - A. Yes, there was nobody nigh me but her at the time.
- NOWLAND sworn. - On the 4th of May, the next morning, I went to the room of Bet Smithers, and there I saw the prisoner; I took her and Smithers into custody; Smithers and she were very much intoxicated; they asked for some liquor, Smithers pulled out a 1 l. note; she dropped the first 1 l. note; there were four 1 l. notes besides, which I picked up; I asked her where she got them, I have 5 l. in notes now, which I produce, which I received from Smithers; I asked her who she had the notes from; she said, from the prisoner; I asked the prisoner who she had them from; she said, from the sailor; I asked her what she had done with the rest of the notes; she said she had taken a gown out of pawn with one, and she and the other woman had spent the rest.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SUMMERS
               



             sworn. - I am a charwoman: The prisoner came to me about five or six o'clock in the morning, and asked me to wash some things for her; she pulled out a five-pound note and a one-pound note, and laid them on the bed; she said they were given her by a friend to put her into the hospital; she and I went out together, and going together the sailor stopped her, and said she was the woman who had got his money.

Nowland. Mrs. Summers told me that the prisoner gave her a five pound note.
Summers. I did not tell the officer at all, that I know of.
- GRIFFITHS sworn. - I heard her say so; when Mr. Nowland took the five pound notes from this woman, I took her by the arm and led her to the office; she said there was a five pound note, which she had changed, she had it from the prisoner, and there was a pound note, and the prisoner confessed that she had given her a five-pound note and a one pound note, which she had taken from the prisoner.
Prisoner's defence. I said that I had the money given me by a friend, and I laid it on the foot of the bed, and desired her to take care of it, and she put it in her purse; there had been another woman locked up in custody all night.


                  MARY 
                  SAMROW
               



             sworn. - I was with this woman when the prisoner came in; I saw her give her a five pound note, she sat on the woman's bed after I let her in; this was at No. 8, Sun yard; she asked Mrs. Summers to lend her sixpence; she said that a friend gave the five pound note to her, to put her in the hospital.
Q. What is the prisoner? - A. An unfortunate girl of the town.
Q. You know she ought to be in a hospital? - A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  FAGE
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman, and this man that lays this charge to this woman, gave me another charge of another woman, between eleven and twelve in the morning before. I took charge of the woman, according to his order; he said to me I do not know positively that this is the woman, but I dare say they are connected together; the next morning I was ordered to go up with the officers to the watch-house; I went up, the woman was called, and after that there was another woman; we had come up the second time, he said that was the woman that had his money.
Q. You know them both? - A. Yes, very well.
Q. They are old acquaintances of yours? - A. Yes.
Q. A great pity you should be a watchman much longer? - A. I never had any complaint of the kind, I have been there two years.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
