





687. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SULIVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of October
, a silver watch, value 2 l. a metal key, value 2 d. and a metal chain, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Frankland
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hetherington
                     



.


                  ANN 
                  FRANKLAND
               



             sworn. - On the 3d of October, a man came and asked for a lodging at the house where I lived; he was accommodated by the landlord in the next room adjoining to me that night; in the morning early the man went out, and left the woman behind; on the 4th of October the watch was lost; I met the woman in the passage, she said she was very dry.
Q. Did a woman come with this man? - A. Yes, this woman came with the man who took the lodgings.
Q. On the morning of the 4th you met her in the passage, she said she was dry? - A. Yes; I said I would give her some cold tea; I gave her some, she drank it, and while I went down stairs, she slipped the lock of the door, and went in and took the watch.
Q. The woman was not in the room where the watch was, when you gave her the tea? - A. No.
Q. Who does the house belong to? - A. To Thomas Etherington.
Q. When did you see the watch again? - A. Before we took her in Whitecross-street, I went and looked for it, I found her in the pawnbroker's shop with the watch in her hand. This is the watch.
Q. What is the value of that watch? - A. Two guineas, my husband gave five guineas for it twenty years ago, I seized the watch, and sent for Spicer the officer.
Prisoner. That woman owed me thirty shillings and sixpence.
Court. Q. You had come there but the night before? - A. I came to her several times for the money, and could get no money, she gave me 5 s. 6 d. the first week of Bartholomew fair; on the morning she told you, she gave me the watch for the thirty shillings, she told me to go and pawn it, and bring in a pound of soap, and two ounces of blue, and to pay myself, then I went to the pawnbroker's; as soon as I turned my back from the house, she followed me, and in the pawnbroker's shop she told me I had robbed her, and as there is a good God, I never did.
Prosecutrix. I never saw her before with my eyes.

Q. 
            (To prisoner.) Have you any witness to prove that she owed you thirty shillings? - A. No, but the Almighty God, I am quite a stranger in the town.
GUILTY, aged 25.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
