





711. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of July
, a silver watch, value 30s. two silver table spoons, value 12s. and a silver tea-spoon, value 1s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Jardine
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  HENRY 
                  JARDINE
               



             sworn. - I lodge in the house of Mr. Gabriel, a hair-dresser near Fitzroy-square


; he lives on the ground-floor; I was in the country at the time of the robbery.


                  HARRIET 
                  JARDINE
               



             sworn. - On Friday, the 2d of July, I went out for about ten minutes; when I returned, I missed the articles mentioned in the indictment.
- CAFFHAM sworn. - I am shopman to Mr. Edward Freers, a pawnbroker in Little Pulteney-street, about ten minutes walk from Fitzroy-square: On Friday, the 2d of July, about nine o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came to ourshop, I have known him from a little boy, with a pair of table spoons, and tea spoons; he said he wanted to make up his rent; Mrs. Jardine claimed them the same morning: On Saturday, the 17th, the prisoner brought two sheets to pledge, and I sent for a constable, and stopped him; I saw Mr. Jardine's watch taken from his pocket.
JAMES KENNEDY sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Marlborough-street, I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner; when I took him into custody, he was going to put the seal of his watch in; I said, don't do that, because I must have it; he said it was his own; I took it from him, (produces it), I have had it ever since.
Mrs. Jardine. I know these to be my spoons, one is stouter than the other, and they are a little rubbed at the back.
Q.Could you, merely from this circumstance, have been able to swear to them if you had found them any where else? - A. Yes.
Q. Is there any mark upon the tea-spoon? - A. No, none; I cannot give any particular description of the watch, but it is familiar to my sight.
Prosecutor. I know these spoons well, I have had them more than a twelvemonth; I know the watch perfectly well, the regulator is marked like a star upon the face of it; it is different from any other regulator; the maker's name is Addis.
Q. Have you any doubt about its being your watch? - A. None; the seal and key are the same.


                  ANN 
                  NICHOLLS
               



             called up. - Q. Do you know that you ought to speak the truth, upon your oath? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know what will happen to you if you do not? - A. No.
Q. Is it a right or a wrong thing to speak the truth? - A.Right.
Q. Do you know that you will be punished if you do not speak the truth? - A. Yes. (Sworn.)
Q. Do you know Mrs. Jardine? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you sometimes go to her room to help her? A. Yes; I went a little before nine o'clock in the morning.
Q. Do you recollect her stepping out for a short time? - A. Yes.
Q.Were you upon the stairs while she was out? - A. I was at the door of the one pair of stairs; I saw the prisoner coming down stairs; I did not see whether he had any thing with him.
Q. Are you sure it was the prisoner? - A. Yes; I told Mrs. Jardine that I had seen a man come down stairs.
Prisoner's defence. I am innocent of the crime.
GUILTY, aged 21.
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
