





577. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     LLOYD
                  , alias 
BOND





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 10th of August
, a chaise, value 18 l. 18 s. and a chaise harness, value 2 l.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Brownnutt
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWNUTT
               



            . I am a coachmaker
, I live in Blackfriars Road. On the 5th of August last the prisoner came and hired a chaise for the afternoon, to go to Hampstead, and to return at eight o'clock in the evening. I never saw no more of the girl, till I saw her in possession of the officer at Hatton Garden, She brought a horse with her; she said she was going to drive the chaise herself.
Q. Did not you enquire who she was, or what she was - A. The labourer in general does, or me; I omitted it that day, else I generally make the enquiry. I left the prisoner to go to a gentleman at the other part of the shop I ordered the man to deliver a chaise to her, which he did.
Q. What is the woman. - A. When I enquired about the horse, she said that the horse was her mother's, she gave twenty pound for it; I said to her the horse has a bad eye, you had better have some advice, or else the horse will loose the eye. It was by the mark of the horse over the eye that she was apprehended.
Q. Then you do not know the woman at all. - A. Yes I do; she was drest like a person in business; as if she was used to cows, or horses. I am sure it was her.
- HOARDER. I am a wheelwright, I live in Upper Thames-street. On the 10th of August the prisoner drove herself a chaise into my yard, and left it there; and took away a cart which she had previously agreed to give ten pounds for.
WILLIAM MAYHEW. I am a collar maker. I live in Upper Thames-street. On the 10th of August the prisoner came to our shop, and bespoke a new harness to be made; she left the harness that was on her horse at that time, till she called for the new; I lent her a harness to use in the mean time: the harness that she had was not fit for use, for the cart that she then had. I did not see her for a week afterwards; then she was in the custody of the officer. The officer took the harness that she had left, saying that the harness had been stolen.


                  JOHN 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton Garden office. On the evening of the 27th of August, I received information of the prisoner. There was an advertisement of two guineas reward, for apprehending the prisoner for running away with a one horse chaise of Mr. Brownnutt, in Blackfriars Road. I went to the White Hart public house, Leather-lane, Holborn; where I found the prisoner standing at the bar; I laid hold of her by the arm, and told her I wanted to speak to her, I asked her what she had done with Mr. Brownnutt's chaise and harness; she told me that she had left the chaise at Mr. Horder's, a wheeler, in Thames-street, and she had left the harness at a collar makers in Thames Street. I went there and found the harness, all but the bridle and the collar.
Q.(to prosecutor) Have you ever seen the chaise and the harness. - A. I have. They are mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I had not the least thought o defrauding Mr. Brownnutt of the chaise; when Mrs Wood came to take me, I was going to Mr. Brownnutt that night.
Q.(to Wood) What is this young woman. - A. She is the daughter of a very honest woman, with five children.I am sorry to say the mother gave her the worst of characters.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
