





528. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BLACKMORE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of July
, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Griffiths
                     



                  , a pocket book, value 6 d. two waistcoats, value 5 s. three shirts, value 7 s. a silver watch, value 3 l. a guinea, and a bank note, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Hilliard
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  HILLIARD
               



            . I live in Green's-lane, Westminster


; I rent a room of Edward Griffiths, he lives in the house, it belongs to him; I cannot be positive when the box was broken open, it was on a Wednesday morning I found the lock broke; I missed a pocket book, with a five pound bank note and one guinea, my silver watch, three shirts, and two waistcoats.
Q. When did you see any of these things before you missed them. - A. I had seen them on the Sunday when I shifted myself, they were all safe then. On Wednesday morning, when I came out of bed, I looked down by my bed, I saw my handkerchief on the ground; it should have been in my box.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before. - A. Yes, he lodged in the house; I told the people of the house that my box was broken open; they said the soldier had not slept in the house that night. We went into the prisoner's room, we saw a bit of an old handkerchief and a bit of tape that I tied my pocket book with; I kept the bit of handkerchief at the bottom of my box, I used to wipe my razor with it.
Q. Did you ever see your things again - A. Yes; I went along with one of the soldiers to some jew at Knightsbridge, and there were the shirts and waistcoats.
JAMES GILLMORE. On the 24th of July I was sent for, and the landlord or landlady gave me this turn-screw, which I found in the prisoner's room; I tried it to the box to see if this was the instrument made useof; I found it exactly corresponded with the marks on the box; the box was lined with blue paper. On the end of this turn screw was this piece of blue paper, as if it came off the box; I asked the prisoner what he had done with the prosecutor's watch; he said he had slept with a girl the very night he had taken it, and the girl had taken it from him. This is the bit of handkerchief and red tape; I have three pounds eighteen shillings that was delivered to me as part of the change of the five pound note; it was delivered to me.
WILLIAM RENNY. I am an officer. I received these three shirts and two waistcoats of corporal Bates.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  NATHAN
               



            . I am a salesman at Knights-bridge. On Wednesday morning the 22nd of July the prisoner came into my shop, he brought me three shirts, and two waistcoats; he asked me to buy them, I said I should not like to buy them of a private unless he brought his serjeant; he said he could not bring the serjeant before night; he put the things on the counter. I lent him four shillings; I delivered the things to the serjeant: the corporal was with him.
THOMAS BATES. I am a corporal in the third regiment of guards; I received the things from Nathan; they were put in serjeant Ball's apartment; the officer has them.
- CORBITT. I am a private in the third regiment. On the 21st of July, about half after four in the evening, I met the prisoner at the Bull's Head, Queen-street, Westminster; he told me he was going to desert the regiment, a sea officer had offered him an hundred pounds to go with him; I parted with him and went to the recruit house. About an hour after, as I was going down Tothil-street, I met him again, he shewed me a silver watch, a five pound note, and a guinea; he told me he had that in part of payment of the hundred pounds. We went to a public house, he called for a shillingsworth of gin and rasberry, he said we should drink together before we parted; he changed a guinea, I got the five pound note changed at 
               
                  Thomas 
                  West
               



            's public house, Princes-street. Afterwards I was advised to report him to the regiment. I did not give him the change, I gave it to corporal Lovey.
RICHARD GRIFFITHS. My name is 
               
                  Edward 
                  Griffiths
               



            .
Q. It is Richard in the indictment - do you keep the house where Hilliard lodges. - A. Yes. The prisoner at the bar quartered upon us in the next room to Hilliard's room. I was in the house when Hilliard complained he was robbed; I know nothing more.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the crime laid to my charge.
GUILTY, aged 20.
Of 


               stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Le Blanc.
