





274. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     FOSS
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 12th of March
, feloniously and without lawful excuse, had in his possession a forged Banknote for the payment of 1 l. knowing it to be forged
            .
Second Count. For that he feloniously, and without lawful excuse, had in his dwelling-house a certain other forged Bank-note for the payment of 1 l. knowing that also to be forged and counterfeit.
(The case stated by Mr. Garrow.)
- BLISS sworn. - Examined by Mr. Fielding. Q. You are an inspector of Bank-notes, did you go on the 12th of March last, and search the prisoner's house? - A. I did.
Q. On the 12th of March, what particular place did you go to? - A. After I had seen the prisoners, we went to Foss's house, White Horse-alley, Cow-cross


; we went there to search his house, and take him; he was not at home, he came home soon after.
Q. When you therefore discovered he was not at home, what did you do? - A. We searched the house, I had two officers, 
               
                  Edward 
                  Croker
               



             and 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Taunton
               



            ; the officers found a great quantity of money, and they searched his wearing-apparel that was in his bed-room; I took a waistcoat that had been laid over a chair in the bedroom at the bed-side. I found a piece of paper in one of the pockets; I took it out, and on opening, before it was quite unfolded, I said here is a Banknote; it turned out to be a forged one-pound note.
Q. Where is that note? - A. (The note produced.) This is the note that I took out of this piece of paper out of a waistcoat-pocket.
Q. Did you see him afterwards? - A. Foss came in soon afterwards, and was taken; he wished to stop, I was not there when he came in; when he was at Carpmeal's, he requested to have the number of notes that were found; the notes were produced, and he was asked if that was his waistcoat; he said, it was; then the number of notes were given him that were found.
Q. What other notes? - A. The notes amounted to thirty-three pounds, they were good notes; they were found in a purse with about one hundred and forty-three guineas, besides cash that was found upon the prisoner; he requested to have the number of notes that were taken from his lodging, which were give him.
Q. You did not say any thing to him then about the one-pound note? - A. No, we had other things to attend to.
Q. Is that the note? - A. It is, it is a counterfeit note, the whole of it.


                  EDWARD 
                  CROKER
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of Bow-street; I searched Foss's house in company with Mr. Bliss; I chucked the waistcoat out of the chair on the ground by the side of the bed.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Do you know the fact, that that man kept a public-shop? - A. It is a public shop.
- FRESHFIELD sworn. - Examined by Mr. Fielding. Q. Did you see the prisoner at Bow-street? - A. Yes, on the 21st of March.
Q. What account did he give of the note at Bow-street, was there any Magistrate present? - A. There was no Magistrate present when he was examined; I took written minutes, and afterwards read them over to him, and he said they were correct.
Mr. Alley. Q. Did you intimate to him, that you took these minutes under the direction of the Magistrate? - A. I did not; I asked him if he chose to give any account of the note that was in his pocket; I asked him where he got that note, and he went on to give the account; I did not tell him whether I took it in one character, or in another.
Q. Did the Magistrate come in or out at the time? - A. He did not.
Q. Did you hold out any inducement to him? -A. No, I begged he would tell me as few lies as possible.
(The written minutes read in Court.)
"The note found in my waistcoat-pocket was brought to me by a little boy that lived at a glass-cutters; I gave the boy two seven-shilling pieces, and two shillings in silver, and the old woman was present when I gave change for it, she had looked after my shop ever since I have been in custody; my wife had been in the habit of giving the same lad change; I do not know the number where the lad lived, I have seen his mistress, she dealt with us for what she wanted, but what she is, or how she gets her livelihood, I do not know; I do not know whether the lad lives with her or not, I know he is in the glass way, he used to bring glass to weigh, he used to say his master thought he wronged him, so he brought it to weigh; I did not ask the lad who the change was for; I do not know whether he owed any thing, if he did, I never stopped what was owing from the change; I do not know the lad's master, I could not think the note belonged to the lad, except I had thought he had stole it; he frequently came for change, I did not ask him, neither did my wife; he is about fourteen years old, a stout boy, about four foot high; he sometimes paid, and sometimes not; when he did not pay, I did not ask who it was for; I never heard the lad was in the glass way, nor never heard he had a master; I carried the note up stairs, and put it in my pocket on Monday, and I offered it to a countryman in Leadenhall-market; he said, he did not like it, I gave him another one-pound note; this note had not been lying on my table, I kept the note wrapt up in my waistcoat pocket by itself, the lad did not come after it was refused, I did not tell 
               Betty
             the note had been refused; my wife's sister was with me; on Monday, about four o'clock, we drank tea, and went to a friend's house at six o'clock, I think it was Mr. Farmer's, somewhere about Goswell-street; I went to Holborn-bridge, and then I came home, and was apprehended; I know Mrs. Bowles, my wife was missing, I do not know where she slept; I do not know any body in Fetter-lane, I was never in any person's house in Fetter-lane; I never gave any parcel to any body before I was apprehended; on Monday morning I went to market, and came back as soon as I had bought my eggs, and staid at home till I went out with my wife's sister; says positively he did not ask any person on Sunday or Monday for a parcel; I know Skinner, I am quite sure I never called on any woman that looked after my wife's shop; I do not know where she lived when this woman came; my wife was at home, my wife went out when she was there; the woman staid till the shop was shut up; she came accordingly on Saturday, and staid till night, and she came on Sunday, and staid till night; she came again on Monday morning; I let my brother's wife know that I was taken; I did not know that my wife was missing, I had no suspicions that my wife was in custody, I thought she wanted to get a separation."
Q. Did you read that over to the prisoner after it was taken? - A. I did, and he said it was correct.
Mr. Gurney. Q. You had a private room? - A. I had.
Q. Did the prisoner know that you had refused Simpson to his admittance? - A. Yes.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SIMPSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Garrow. I am a widow woman; I live at No. 84, Fetter-lane.
Q. How long have you known the prisoner? - A. Ever since he has been married, about a year; I have lived in Fetter-lane five years the 25th of March.
Q. Did the prisoner well know that you lived there, used he to call upon you there? - A. Yes.
Q. Were you the person that they called Betty? - A. They called me Aunt Betty, the prisoner and his wife did.
Q Was there any relationship between you? - A. No, none at all; he lodged at Mr. Seawood's, and as my niece called me Aunt Betty, they called me Aunt Betty; I do not think he was in my room above three times.
Q. Did he, at any time, leave any thing with you? - A. Yes, a small parcel that he said was lace; it was a small parcel.
Q. About such a parcel as this? - (Shews the parcel.) A. Yes.
Q. What were you to do with it? - A. I was to keep it for him, I put it in the top little drawer just as you enter the door.
Q. Did you leave the parcel in the same state as the prisoner gave it you? - A. Yes.
Q. When you went home, you found that the inspector had been there with another person? - A. Yes, Mr. Bliss and some other gentleman.
Q. Used you, when you went out, to leave the key? - A. Yes, just over the ledge of the door, I left it for his wife; I did not come home for above a week, not till after the officers had been there.
Q. Were you at Foss's house when in his bedroom a one-pound note was found in his waistcoat-pocket? - A. Yes.
Q. He was not at home? - A. No, he was gone a little way with his brother's wife.
Q. Had you any conversation with him after that? - A. I did not speak to him, the gentlemen took him away directly.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You supposed it was a parcel of lace? - A. I did.
Q. Can you read or write? - A. No, I cannot.
Q. Because as you were a shopkeeper it might be required? - A. I was only there for that time.

Q. You should know paper from lace? - A. Certainly.
Q. This parcel is open at both ends, therefore, without having the common curiosity of your sex, you must have seen what was in it? - A. I never opened it.
Q. Without much curiosity, certainly, you must have seen what was in the parcel? - A. I did not.
Q. You knew there was an accusation against this man for forgery? - A. Yes.
Q. You knew you were liable to a prosecution for having these notes in your possession? - A. I did not know.
Q. By saying you had it from the prisoner you are excused yourself? - A. I could not see it was open at both ends.
Court. Q. Do you remember any little boy coming into the shop with glass? - A. I do not remember any boy coming in with glass, or any thing of the kind at that time.
Q. How long has he kept this shop? - A. Only five weeks.
Q. Did he keep the whole house? - A. Yes.
(The notes found at 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Simpson
               



            's room shewn to Mr. Bliss.)
Q. (To Mr. Bliss.) Is that the parcel of Bank notes that you found at the last witness's house? - A. It is; they were in a little top drawer, at the right hand going into the room; there are fifteen 1 l. notes, one 2 l. note, and two 5 l. notes; they are all forged; the 1 l. notes appear to be all from one plate, and same manufactory; and the 2 l. is the same as some others we have just seen.
GARNETT TERRY sworn. - Examined by Mr. Fielding. I am engraver to the Bank.
Q. Are there any of them from your plates? - A. None of them.
Q. Do all the ones appear to be from the same plate? - A. These ones are all from one plate.
Q. Do they appear to be from the same plate with the one I have shewn you; the one in the indictment? - A. They are from the same plate, all the ones.
- ROLLS sworn. - I lodge in the same house with Mrs. Simpson; I know the prisoner by his coming to ask for Mrs. 
               Simpson
             this day five weeks; he came to the one pair of stairs room and asked for Mrs. Simpson; I asked him who he wanted; he said, Mrs. Simpson's room.
Q. Was Mrs. Simpson at home? - A. Yes; he went in and sat down.
Q. Are you sure you have seen him on other occasions? - A. Yes; one or twice.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence, nor call any witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 44.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
