






462. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LAVIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SIMMONS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of April
, two washing-tubs, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Spearing
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  SPEARING
               



             sworn. - I am a cooper
: On the 22d of April I missed two washing-tubs out of my shop; I saw the prisoner, Simmons, three or four times walking by my kitchen, the tubs were then in the shop; I went out for a walk, and when I came back I missed the tubs; I saw Ray running, and he gave me information of them.


                  JOHN 
                  RAY
               



             sworn. - On Wednesday the 22d of April, I was standing at the Office door in Worship-street


, about sixty yards from the prosecutor's house, I observed Lavis with two washing-tubs on his shoulder, and Simmons close to him; they turned down a gate-way very nearly opposite the Office; I saw the tall man, Simmons, come once or twice and peep out at the gate-way, and I suspected they were not honestly come by; I walked gently down to Mr. Spearing's shop, and he was just then coming by the door; I asked him if he had lost any thing; he told me he had lost two tubs; I then saw the men turn down Long-alley, and I immediately pursued them; they turned up a place called Devonshire-buildings, they were walkings as fast as they could walk; knowing the out-let of the court, I took down another court and met them, Lavis had then shifted them from his shoulder to Simmons's; I immediately collared Simmons, and he threw down the tubs; I went to lay hold of the other with my other hand, and he turned about and run down Long-alley; Armstrong then came up, and I delivered Simmons to him while I pursued Lavis; I followed him two or three hundred yards, and then I took him.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn. - I had Simmons in custody from Ray; a boy picked up the tubs; and I made him carry them before me to the Office.
Ray. These are the same tubs.
Spearing. These are my tubs, I should know them from five hundred.
Lavis's defence. A man with a leather apron on asked me to carry these two tubs to No. 1, in Long-alley.
Simmons's defence. Lavis asked me to take them a bit, from his shoulder, when these gentlemen came up.
Lavis, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 29.
Simmons, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
