






340. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MURPHY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HARRISON
                  




               
             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of April

, thirty pieces of wood, value 20 s. and a large board, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Pinsent
                  



               
            ; and the other for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
(The case stated by Mr. Gurney.)


                  CHARLES 
                  PINSENT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I live in Dean-street, Soho, I am a carpenter
; I lost thirty pieces of wood, and a large board, part of the materials of a house that I had purchased.
Q. Was Murphy one of your servants? - A. Yes, he was carter
, he had been with me about a year and a half; I employed him to remove this wood from the 6th of April to the 13th; I only know from information; on the 13th of April I saw some of the materials at the house of the prisoner Harrison, he keeps a coal-shed
, and sells wood
.
Q. Were these materials such as fairly might be broken up for fire-wood, or were they better than ought to be broken up for fire-wood? - A. Some of them were better than ought to be broken up for fire-wood; I found there about eighteen cube feet in various pieces and various dimensions; I had purchased all the timber at the Marquis of Stafford's house, and this found at Harrison's was part of it; I found this piece out of the lot that I had remaining, and it matches with those found at the prisoner's house, they fit exactly, they were all marked in lots before the sale, and previous to the Marquis buying the house of Lord - .
Q. Had you observed the wood marked before you found it at Harrison's house? - A. I had not; I have an evidence here that did.
Q. It bore a lot-mark of the house? - A. It did, it was part of lot 5 l; I likewise found in the prisoner Harrison's house a number of penny bundles of wood cut up, with some paper on them, which is exactly the pattern of the paper which came from the house, there were several pieces of wood covered with this pattern paper; I knew them directly I saw them, he said his wife bought them without his knowledge.
JOHN SALES sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am a carpenter, I work for Mr. Pinsent, I had the loading of the cart with part of the materials at different times, 
               
                  John 
                  Murphy
               



             drove the cart.
Q. Were all these materials that are now in Court found at Harrison's? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see where the prisoner Murphy went with these materials? - A No, I did not accompany the cart; I recollect putting this board in the cart.
Court. Q. Is that board proper to be cut into firewood? - A. It is too good to be used for that purpose.
Q. Look at the other materials, are they like the materials that your master had purchased? - A. Yes, they are, and they are too good for fire-wood.
Q. How much wood was there found at Harrison's? - A. About half a cart load.
- POTTS sworn. - I live at Lord Stafford's, I know this to be Mr. Pinsent's property, I know this particular board, and they all have the appearance of the materials that he purchased of Lord Stafford; I was always in the house before it was pulled down, they were all marked in lots.


                  JOHN 
                  THORNTON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am a shoe-maker, I live at No. 7, Well-street, Oxford-road.
Q. Do you know either of the prisoners? - A. I know them both; Mr. Harrison is my landlord, he lives at No. 68, Well-street; I know Murphy by sight, seeing him drive a cart; I have a stall at No. 69, next door to Mr. Harrison; the prisoner came frequently on the Tuesday before Good Friday with a cart load of wood, he stopped at the prisoner Harrison's door, he loosened the wood, and took part of it out, and put it down at Mr. Harrison's door.
Q. Did you see who took it in? - A. Mr. Harrison picked the best of it, and threw it down his own cellar, the large pieces.
Q. What did he do with the other? - A. He cut it up into these pieces; the cart did not stay I suppose above six or seven minutes at the door.
Q. Are you sure that Murphy was the man that drove the cart? - A. He was; I did not pay any attention to the name on the cart, there were five loads that he came with.
Q. Was that on the same day? - A. No, there were two days.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Thornton, you saythat you saw Murphy come with the cart, and put the wood down at Harrison's door? - A. Yes.
Q. This is the first time that you are speaking of? - A. Yes.
Q. Will you venture to swear positively that you saw the prisoner, or was it his wife that you saw at the time the cart was there? - A. I did not see Harrison at that time; the prisoner Harrison came home with a barrow of grains, and then he took up the wood.
Q. How long had the prisoner Murphy been gone when he came home? - A. Directly after almost.
Q. Did he see Murphy before he took the wood in? - A. I cannot say but he was very near him; when Murphy was gone from the door, he was not above the length of this Court from him.
Q. Did Harrison call him back, or speak to him? - A. Not till the next time he saw him afterwards, and saw the wood.
Q. I take it for granted you and Mr. Harrison were upon good terms - take your time, it requires consideration, there is a deal of difficulty in it? - A. I do not owe the man any harm, he had been picking at me these three years back.
Q. By which I understand you were upon no good terms at all with him after he had been picking at you for three years - there is a little matter of rent due now? - A. Not now.
Q. There was rent due? - A. No, never; the very day my rent was due was on Good Friday; I paid him on the Thursday evening, I offered him the rent before Good Friday, though there was none due, and I had my key in my hand.
Q. Did you, or was he obliged to sue out a Marshalsea writ for his rent? - A. No, not to my knowledge; he said, he would serve me with an ejectment if I would not give up my premises; there was a question about the repairs of the house, I repaired it out of my pocket, and he would not pay me again.
Q. Did you receive any notice from him? - A. I received two written notices from him to quit the premises, I received the first notice about a twelvemonth ago; when I came in, he was to repair my premises.
Q. Do you know a person of the name of Wheatley - he is a sheriff's officer belonging to the Marshalsea? - A. I do not know, indeed.
Q. You have said you had received no Marshalsea writ - upon your oath, had not you a Marshalsea writ served you by Wheatley, or a copy of a writ? - A. I was served with a Marshalsea writ by Wheatley the day after my rent was due. On the 12th of April my rent was due, on the 11th I offered my rent, and took witness with me, I offered my rent to his wife; on Good Friday I did not go, I thought it would be all the same, and on the Saturday after the Good Friday I was served with the writ.
Court. Q. You tendered your rent on the Thursday, and then on the Saturday he served you with a writ? - A. Yes, and I paid him, and brought the stamp with me, and he never gave me the receipt.
Mr. Knapp. Q. You have told us for this reason you were not upon good terms with your landlord - have you ever expressed that you would ruin Harrison? - A. I never said to any body I would ruin Harrison till after he served me with a writ, and then I said that to Mr. Wheatley.
Q. Upon your oath, did you ever say it to any body else? - A. I cannot tell.
Q. Upon your oath, did not you make use of the expression to a person of the name of Knight? - A. I will not swear one way or the other.
Q. Did not you go to Mr. Knight the very day that Wheatley served you with a copy of a writ, and say you would ruin him as you had the means and the power? - A. I cannot say whether I did, or did not.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HAMILTON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am a Police officer of Marlborough-street, I searched Harrison's house with a warrant on the 13th of April; I found this board, and the quartering, and the timber that is in the yard; I found it in the cellar, Mr. Pinsent picked out this bundle of wood from many others that were there, it has paper stuck on it; Mr. Pinsent took a piece of it, and it corresponded with the remaining pieces of paper on the wood; I took both the prisoners into custody.
Q. Did Harrison say any thing when you took him? - A. He denied that he had bought it, and said he was not at home when it was left there; Mrs. Harrison told us, in both the prisoners' hearing, that she had bought it, she told what she gave for it, which was two shillings.
Q. She named the price, and he suffered it to pass as the real transaction? - A. Yes.
Q. Where did you take Murphy? - A. Mr. Pinsent sent for him to bring an empty cart, after the search had been made; I desired the person that fetched him to tell him to drive the cart up Well-street, as we wanted a cart; I thought it would answer a double purpose for him to drive the cart; I stopped him at Harrison's door, Mr. Pinsent was either at the door, or inside of Harrison's house; I took Murphy into Harrison's house, and told him what I apprehended him for; Mrs. Harrison said to Murphy, you know I bought it of you, and I gave you two shillings for it; he said, yes, it was two shillings that I got for it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DUGGINS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I keep a tallow chandler's shop, I live at No. 69, Well-street.
Q.(To Hamilton.) Do you know this person? - A. Yes, that is the next door neighbour to the prisoner Harrison.
Duggins. In the morning part of Tuesday or Wednesday, my young man being up all night, I took my mould-frames out to the door to cool, I came out of my cellar to fetch them in.
Q.(To Thornton.) What time on Tuesday before Good Friday did you see Murphy with the cart at Harrison's? - A. In the morning part
Duggins. I believe about ten or eleven o'clock, as I had the mould-frames under my arm, I saw a cart at Mr. Harrison's door; I saw the man take out some wood from under the cords, three or four pieces, which was thrown down at Mr. Harrison's door; I had my mould-frames under my arm, I will not take upon me to say whether I saw Mr. or Mrs. Harrison at the door.
Murphy left his defence to his Counsel.
Harrison's defence. I hope the Jury will take notice that my tenant has meant my ruin; he has asserted it to many people who are here to prove it.

Murphy called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Harrison called sixteen witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Murphy, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Harrison, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
