





348. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CLARK
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of March
, twenty-eight yards of cotton, value 1 l. 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Roberts
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a linen draper
, I live in Gracechurch-street


. I have no partner.


                  DAVID 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Roberts. On the 25th of March I was standing in the shop, a short distance from the door, folding a piece of print; I thought I heard the door open, I looked towards the door, I perceived a piece of print move from its proper place towards the door.
Q. How far inside of the shop was it - A. Very near the door; it hung up with several more. I instantly ran towards the door, I drawed one part of the print that remained within the door; I then perceived the prisoner drop the print. I ran and caught hold of him, and by the assistance of another witness brought him into the shop, and when we got him in the shop he got his back against the counter, and by pushing him against the counter we perceived a bag behind his back, tied under his coat; we took him into the accounting house; we found in this bag two pieces of gingham and shawls.
Q. When you laid hold of this piece of print, was it entirely removed from its place - 
               A. 
            Entirely, about a yard from its proper place; as he was dragging it through the door I ran and trod upon it; he let the other end drop; I picked it up. When I first got hold of him he told me he was not the man, he said that he saw the man trying to take the print, and he run away, pointing down the street; there was no other man there at the time; there was a short woman. I did not see her till I had got hold of him.



                  JOHN 
                  GEORGE
               



            . Q. You are the other young man that was with Mr. Williams - A. Yes. On the 25th of March I was standing in Mr. Roberts's shop, I observed the print was moved close to the door; I immediately ran and observed the witness laying hold of a man, upon which I laid hold of the prisoner; the print was between the shop door then, half in and half out; the prisoner said there was a man looking at it, and had ran across the way; I collared him and forced him in the shop; I asked him what he meaned by pretending to steal the print; he said he never touched it, it was a man that had run across the way; he was standing with his back to the counter. I supposed he was going to take something up to strike me, I shoved him down, and by his falling there was a bag rose up behind him; I took him into the accompting house; I asked him what was in that bag; I took out two pieces of gingham and a shawl; he first said he bought them from a shop in the Borough; afterwards he confessed that he took them from a shop in the Borough, and he confessed that he took the print from our shop; after that I told him I would sooner prosecute him for a lie than the truth.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not touch the print; the reason that I owned to it, they told me if I would own to it they would forgive me; I told them I saw a man take it and run across the way, and after that I told them I took it, to gain my liberty; at the same time I knew I had not touched it, I thought I might as well say that as not, to gain my liberty.



               GUILTY
            , aged 46.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
