





746. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HUTCHINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23rd of October
, a handkerchief, value 2s. the property of 
                     James Bearblock


                  , privily from  his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BEARBLOCK
               



             sworn. - I am a clergyman
: On Thursday last, the 23rd of this month, I was passing the bottom of Holborn-hill


, about eleven o'clock, and on putting my hand into my coat-pocket I missed my handkerchief; I immediately turned round, and observed the prisoner running across the street, he ran into Plumbtree-court, and his manner of running excited my suspicion; and on going up some steps, at the end of the court, he fell down; I then caught hold of him, and insisted upon searching him; he made some resistance at first, but in a short time, pulled my handkerchief from under his coat, and gave it me; there were several people at their doors, and I inquired of them for a constable, but no one would tell me where a constable was to be found; a gentleman passing by, told me there was one within twenty yards, at the public-house; I could not get him there, he threw himself upon his back; I could get no person to assist me, every body seemed for letting him go, till very fortunately Mr. Cafeby came by, or else I believe they would have got him away from me; as he was talking him down Holborn, Mr.Caseby called to me to assist him, he was struggling with him; and he was apprehensive that he was about to draw a large knife, which was afterwards found in his pocket.
Q. Had you any sensation at your pocket at the time you missed your handkerchief? - A. None at all, it was the running alone that caused my suspicion; I had it in my hand not two minutes before in coming down Snow-hill.
Q. What may the value of it be? - A. Above two shillings; it is a silk handkerchief, nearly new.(Produces it).
LEMAN CASEBY sworn. - On Thursday morning last, I was coming through Shoe-lane, I saw a mob surround this gentleman, and the prisoner laying upon his back, in Plumbtree-court; I asked what was the matter; and they said, this gentleman had been robbed; I immediately took the prisoner by the collar, and pulled him up; in coming down Holborn-hill, he was very obstreperous; I searched him in the Compter, and found upon him a fellowship-porter's ticket, a pocket-book containing five duplicates, and a knife.
Prisoner's defence. I picked it up at the bottom of Holborn-hill.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character. 


               GUILTY. (Aged 29.) Of stealing goods, value 11d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
