





485. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DAVENPORT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of July
, a silk handkerchief, value 5 s. 8 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Potter
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  POTTER
               



            . I am a linen draper
, No. 106, Leadenhall street


; I know nothing of the transaction; I live at another part of the town.


                  HENRY 
                  WATTS
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Potter
               



            . On the 12th of July, between the hours of eight and nine in the evening the prisoner came in the shop.
Q. Were there other persons serving in the shop - A. Yes. The prisoner asked to look at some silk handkerchiefs; the young man who was serving him gave me some information that the prisoner did not hear; that brought me towards him; the prisoner had got nearly out of the door; I sent him after the prisoner, he brought the prisoner back and said he missed this silk handkerchief; the prisoner denied having it; theprisoner wished me to search him; I would not; I sent for a constable; Pinner came; he was searched in my presence; this handkerchief was found under his arm. between his shirt and his flesh, then he emplored for mercy; he endeavoured to snatch the paper denoting the price off; but I prevented him; I did not search him at all before the constable came; he turned out his pocket.
Q. Was he intoxicated at that time - A. He appeared to; after the constable searched him he appeared to have got rid of his drunkenness.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JONES
               



            . Q. Did this man come in the shop on the 12th of July - A. Yes; I served him; he asked for a silk handkerchief; he was about ten minutes in the shop.
Q. When he first came in, did he appear to you to be sober - A. No, he appeared to be intoxicated; I shewed him several patterns; he took up one handkerchief and laid it down on the counter and put his hat upon it, and when he took the hat up again the handkerchief was not there; he asked me to shew him more patterns; I told him I could not; he took his hat in his hand and went out of the shop; I communicated to Mr. Watts what I had observed; he told me to go and bring him back immediately; I did so; he had got two yards from the door; I brought him back, I asked him for the handkerchief; he said he had not it; I spoke to Mr. Watts that the prisoner was to be searched; he went in a great rage and passion; he said he would scorn such a thing; he turned one of his coat pockets out to convince me that he had nothing about him; the constable arrived and searched him; the handkerchief was found under his arm, between the shirt and the body; when he was charged with the constable he did not seem to be intoxicated.
Q. Judging from the whole of his behaviour, do you think his intoxication was real or pretended - A. Pretended.


                  THOMAS 
                  PINNER
               



            . I am a constable; I was sent for to take charge of this man, July 12th, between eight and nine o'clock; when I came to the shop; we took him backwards into a little room; I unbuttoned his waistcoat and put my hand into the bosom of his shirt; I found the handkerchief concealed under his arm between the shirt and the flesh; I searched his pocket book; I found a five pound note, which I have got in my possession; it is a bad one.
Q. Had the handkerchief any mark on it - A. Yes; it has now.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. He pulled the shirt over my shoulders; can he look at me as an honest man and say that he took the handkerchief from me; when he found the five pound note in my pocket, I said it is a bad one. I said I was ordered to keep it in my pocket book till. I found the owner that gave it me.
Pinner. I took it from under your arm. I am sure he was not intoxicated; after I had got charge of him I took hold of his right arm; going along, about twenty yards from the prosecutor's house, he hit me on the face and knocked me down; at the same time I twisted my leg and entangled it in his; he was secured; I used him directly.
GUILTY, aged 32.




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
