





69. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of November
, one chest of tea, containing fifty-two pounds weight, value 20l.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bryan
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  Bryan
               



            .
WILLIAM BRYAN sworn. - I am a tea-dealer

; my partner is Thomas Bryan; and we live in Oxford-street, the corner of North Audley-street: On the 18th of November, we sent to the East-India warehouse for fifteen chests of tea, and when the cart came back, there were but fourteen.
WILLIAM SHEPHERD sworn. - I was sent for some tea to the East-India warehouse, and brought the load as far as Board St. Giles's, when a man said, young man, there is one of your boxes sell out of the cart; I went back to the box, and the prisoner was there with a knot on his shoulder; he helped the chest into the cart, and I wished him a good night; he went towards Holborn; I went about a hundred yards further, just opposite to St. Giles's Church, where I heard a man say, one of your boxes is fell down; I went back to the place to replace the box, and the prisoner was there again with the intention to bring it to me; he listed it up on my shoulder, and he went up into the cart to take the large chest off me, the small one did not fall out; I waited for him to take it in; I bore it almost as long as I could; there was a good-looking woman coming by, and she says, young man, you are very much put upon; yes, ma'am, says I, I be; I shall be glad if you will speak to the man to take in the chest as soon as possible, for I can hardly bear it; she said, there is no person in the cart, or near it; it was just before seven o'clock in the evening; a soldier came by, belonging to the guards, who helped me up with it, and when I got up, I found the prisoner gone, and the small chest of tea, of a particular sort, taken from between four more; the prisoner at the bar never appeared afterwards; I went home with the remainder, and my master and me examined the rope, which appeared to be cut; we never had the tea since; I went to Marlborough-street for the runners, and we went out at night to watch for him, but we never heard any thing of him there; I gave a description of the prisoner and his dress, and on Friday night he was taken up by some watchmen, and he had a drawn sword.
Prisoner's defence. All I have to say is, I am innocent of what is laid to my charge.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26. - 


               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
