





201. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     OBEE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of December
, a half guinea, a seven shilling piece, two shillings, and a six-pence
            ; the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Gascoigne
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  GASCOIGNE
               



             sworn. I am a publican
, I keep the Plow, in Broad-street, Carnaby-market


; on the 25th of December the prisoner came to my house and ordered a pint of hollands to be sent to No. 27, in the same street, and change for a one pound note, which I sent; half a guinea, a seven shilling piece, and two shilling and six-pence; I produce the note he sent for the change.


                  ANN 
                  HUSSEY
               



             sworn. I am a servant to Mr. Gascoigne.
Q. You are the person that carried the hollands. - A. Yes, I was to take it to Mr. Barker's, No. 27, Broad-street; I took the gin, and when I got to the door of No. 27, the prisoner at the bar asked me if I had got the change, I said yes, he gave me the note in my hand, and I gave him the seven shilling piece, the half guinea, and two shillings and six-pence.
Q. Can you read. - A. No.
Q. Are you sure that is the man. - A. Yes, I am perfectly sure that is the man that took the money from me, he desired me to give the liquor in the house and to say that he was just gone round the corner; I knocked at the door, and a lady came, I asked the lady if the liquor was for her, she said no, I told her a man had ordered it to be brought there, he had given me a one pound note, and told me to take it in, the lady asked me if I had given the change, I said yes; I asked the lady to look at the note, she said it was a bad one, I asked the lady to be so kind as to go home with me, which she did.
Q. How soon afterwards did you see the prisoner. - A. On the 24th of last month.
Gregory. It was the 14th of this month I took him to the office.
Q.(to prosecutor) Are you sure that he is the same man that came to order the hollands. - A.Yes, I am sure that he is the man, he gave me the order himself; he has altered his dress very much, he is the same man.
WILLIAM PETHERIC sworn. On the 26th of December last, I went into Mr. Gascoigne's house, Broad-street, I asked him to give me a description of the man; finding he had been defrauded of a one pound note, he gave me the description; and on the masquerade night, the 13th of this month, the young man that is here gave me an account that there were some bad people lurking about the Opera House in the Hay Market, among whom I saw the prisoner at the bar; he shunned me, I went up to him, I asked him how business went with him, he said you are an insolent fellow, what do you mean by that; I called to Gregory to lay hold of his hand,he put his hand in his left hand pocket; Gregory came, he said he had got a counterfeit two pound note, which he had throwed away, resembling the one which Mr. Gascoigne took.
- GREGORY sworn. Q. You know no more than Petheric. - A. When I catched him by his hand, I said what are you about; he threw the note away; the note is here.
- BERCHER sworn. I am a tailor by trade; Mr. Gascoigne came to a public house to look at a man, he could not identify that man, he gave me a description of the prisoner at the bar, I told him I knew the person, and in the course of a day or two I would get him apprehended; I was in company with Gregory and Petheric, I said here is some suspicious people here, I says catch hold of him, they did, but before they could catch hold of his left hand, he pulled out the note from his left hand pocket, and threw the note away, which is in your possession.
Prisoner's Defence. I am entirely innocent of the charge that is laid against me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
