






563. 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     ISRAEL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOEL 
                     JOSEPH
                  




               
             were indicted for that 


               they on the 3d of August
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Michael Mucklow 
                           Zachary
                        




                     
                  , a pocket book, value 10 s. and an order for the payment of one hundred pounds, value 100 l. feloniously did take away, but without such force or putting him in fear, so as to constitute it a robbery
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.


                  MICHAEL 
                  MUCKLOW ZACHARY
               



            . Q. You have a place in the custom house - A. Yes. On the 3d of August between three and four o'clock in Fleet street


, I was returning into Mitre court, going into the Temple, where I live; when I was in Mitre court Mr. Hill came up to me and asked me if I had lost any thing; I felt in my pocket and missed my pocket book; it contained a variety of letters, and I think there was a one pound note in it, but I will not be positive; there was also an hundred pound draft and memorandums in it.
Q. Did you go in search of the prisoners - A. I did, I went across the way to Flower de luce court with Mr. Hill; as we were passing up the court in the back room of a public house, the window was quite open, Mr. Hill saw three men and I saw three men, I could not see enough to distinguish them; they were looking over a pocket book; they were looking over papers in the pocket book, I could see the red flap to it. We then went for a constable and got one; we returned; as we were going up Flower de luce court presently came a man very near between the constable and myself; Mr. Hill then said that is one of them, I will swear to; that was Joseph. I laid hold of him, and the constable laid hold of him on the other side; there were two more, I believe; one I saw distinctly, his back was towards me. Mr. Hill ran after him. I took Joseph to my chambers in Fig tree court, I left him with my servant and one or two more men. I then went to look after Mr. Hill; I presently found Mr. Hill, he said that he had found the other man, but not knowing where I went to, he was obliged to let him go. When I got into the chambers we searched Joseph, we did not find any thing upon him; he was taken in custody; he said he knew nothing of other man; I said how came you in company with him, he replied it was very easy for one man to pass for another. Mr. Hill coming in he swore to him; he went up to Mr. Hill and said you make a great mistake, or told a story. Joseph said he was a person that belonged to very respectable connections. He was taken to the Compter.
Q. How soon did you see the other prisoner - A. The next day, at Guildhall.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JAMES HILL
               



            . Q. You are clerk to Messieurs Robinson and Lee of Lincoln's inn - A. I am.
Q. Was you in Fleet street on the 3d of August in the afternoon - A. Yes.
Q. Look round, and tell me whether you saw the prisoners, any one of them, or both - A. Both of them, between Bouvelie street and Mitre court. About four o'clock on that day I was passing down Fleet street, I observed three men pursuing the prosecutor; their conduct and actions led me to suppose their intentions were to rob him; I observed Joseph frequently point to the prosecutor's left hand coat pocket; I having proceeded about an hundred yards, watching their actions narrowly, Joseph turned round and observed I was so doing. In order to elude that suspicion I crossed over the way. When they lost sight of me, and when I had crossed over to the opposite side of the way, 
               
                  Joel 
                  Jackson
               



             made a sudden stop; he walked continually the whole of the way before the prosecutor; when Joseph and the third person closed in behind the prosecutor, so as to prevent passengers from observing what they were doing; I had a side view, I could see what passed - when I distinctly saw Joseph put his hand into the prosecutor's left hand coat pocket, and withdraw something red, which had the appearance of a pocket book; - the pocket book apparently then went from the hands of Joseph to the third person, that made his escape; they then all crossed over the way together and went up Flower de-luce court. I met them in the middle of the road, in about the middle of Fleet street; I ran and overlook the prosecutor in Mitre court; we both agreed to pursue the prisoners, and going up Flower de luce court I saw Joseph in company of Israel and the other man, they were both looking over some papers which they had in their hands; the pocket book lay on the table, I saw the strop of it; the other part was covered over. We then got a constable, and were upon the point of going into the house, when they all came out; Joseph being the first man I gave charge of him, he was instantly secured and taken to Mr. Zachary's chambers. I followed Israel up Flower de luce court, overtook him and secured him; he asked me what I secured him for, I told him he was charged with a robbery: I begged him to go back with me; I brought him into the Temple. Not knowing where Mr. Zachary lived, and no person assisting of me, the prisoner threatened me for taking him without any proper person. I being a novice in the business let him go; he said if I would not let him go, he would do for me; these words I noticed; I let him go then; I saw Israel the next day and Joseph, at Guildhall; I am quite certain to both their persons.


                  PETER 
                  JONES
               



            . Q. What are you - A. I am constable of St. Dunstan in the West; I apprehended 
               
                  Joel 
                  Joseph
               



            . I searched him, I found nothing on him: I saw Israel run up Flower de luce court; he is the same person that I saw before the alderman the next day.


                  EDWARD 
                  TIPPER
               



            . I am an officer of the City. Joseph was brought to the Compter; in the course of a little time afterwards Israel came; in consequence of the description given me, I took charge of him.
Israel's Defence. I was coming along, I met a youngman that was going to the compter; I went with him; I know nothing about it; it is a thing I am quite unacquainted with.
Joseph's Defence. I was out about my business; on my returning home I was taken by the collar; I did not know for what; I know no more of it than a child.
ISRAEL, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 27.
JOSEPH, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.





               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
