





171. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of January
, forty-two ounces of flatted silver, value 10 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Atkins
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  ATKINS
               



             sworn. - I am a watch-case-maker
, and live in Bridgewater-square: On the 19th of January, in the evening, a gentleman informed me, that a man was in custody that had robbed my boy.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. - Q. How old are you? - A. I am eleven years old; I work for Mr. Atkins, in Bridgewater-square: On the 19th of January, at seven o'clock, I was coming from the flatting-mills, in Nicoll-square, and a man followed me; I came up Well-street, and turned into Jewin-street


; he snatched the silver from off my shoulder; I ran after him, and cried out, stop thief! some gentleman came out of his house in Jewin-street, and ran after him; he was taken at the end of Jewin-street, towards Aldersgate-street.
Q. Did you see the man stopped? - A. No, but I know it was the prisoner that took the silver from me.
Q. How do you know it was the prisoner? - A. When he took the silver from me, I ran after him a little while, and then I was afraid to go further after him; I am sure the prisoner is the person who took it from me.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. It was pretty dark at that time of night? - A. Yes.
Q. You had never seen the person before? - A. No.
Q. There were a great many people in the street at that time? - A. No, not a great many about then.
Q. The man that snatched the parcel of flatted silver from off your shoulder, you never saw his face, he was behind you? - A. No, but I saw his handkerchief; he had a Belcher handkerchief on round his neck.
Q. You did not see the face of the person till he was in custody? - A. No.
Q. You could not see his face, nor any thing else, till he was taken into custody? - A. I did see his handkerchief.


                  CLEMENT 
                  MONTFORD
               



             sworn. - I am a pocketbook-maker, and live at No. 44, Jewin-street. I was at work when I heard a cry of, stop thief! I did not think of going down, for I knew it was a boy's voice, till I heard him cry out, murder! then I ran down stairs, and turned to where the voice was. I saw the prisoner turn into the Crescent; I met him at the other end of the Crescent, as he was coming out, and the boy after him; the boy cried out, that man has robbed me; I made way for them; the prisoner came out first, and just as he came out there was a light, that I could see a bag in his left hand; I pursued the prisoner, and got hold of his coat just as he got to the top of Jewin-street, and the flap of his coat came off in my hand, which made me stagger. A gentleman was crossing the road; they met each other, and the gentleman and the prisoner both fell down; I did not lose sight of the prisoner. After they both got up, I met my father's man, and told him to lay hold of the prisoner, because I had only my slippers on; I walked behind them till the prisoner was taken to the Bull's Head public-house in the Crescent, Jewin-street, Mr. Atkins was sent for and a constable; when Mr. Atkins came, the prisoner was taken to the Compter. When I laid hold of the flaps of his coat, he threw the bag of silver from his left hand; a woman picked it up I believe.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. It was dark at this time? - A. Yes.
Q. You saw him throw the silver away? - A. Yes.
Q. Why did not you stop and pick it up, silver is worth while picking up? - A. I thought it was best to pursue him.


                  MARY 
                  WEBSTER
               



             sworn. - I am in the bookbinding line: On the 19th of January I had been into Fore-street, and heard the cry of stop thief! in Aldersgate-street; I stopped to look as some others did, and saw a man run and fling a bag from his hand into the kennel, the corner of Jewin-street; he ran across Aldersgate-street to the corner of Queen's-square, there he was stopped; I picked the bag up, and as they brought the prisoner along, I gave it to the man that came with the prisoner.


                  DANIEL 
                  CARTWRIGHT
               



             sworn. - I am an officer, and was sent for on the 19th of January to take charge of the prisoner; the property was given me at the time; the prisoner had a Belcher handkerchief on.

(Cartwright produced the property, which was identified by Mr. Atkins.)
Prisoner's defence. As I was coming down Jewin-street, I heard the cry of, stop thief! I ran after the man, and as I ran, a gentleman laid hold of me, (just before a man ran past me, and threw a bag away) I was taken to the Bull's Head, and from there to the Compter; the man that ran past me had a great coat on; he threw a parcel or something away; I did not know what it was at the time; I had a bird's-eye handkerchief on; I had not a Belcher one on.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
