





581. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     KELLY
                  , alias 
                     
JAMES BROWN





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 23d of September
, two hundred pounds weight of lead, value 42 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Hamilton
                        




                     
                  , esq. in his dwelling house
            .
The case stated by Mr. Reynolds.


                  CHARLES 
                  HAMILTON
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Reynolds. Your house is at Sudbury


, in the county of Middlesex. - A. It is.
Q. Was your house repairing on the 23d of September. - Q. Yes; the roof part of it was taken off on the 21st of September, and part of the lead was put in the washhouse, I saw it on the night of the 22d, and early on the morning of the 23d I saw it again; I perceived a difference, I suspected that some part of it was gone. The prisoner was my gardener.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILKINS
               



             sworn. Q. You are foreman to Mr. Robinson, a furnishing ironmonger in Oxford street. - A. Yes.
Q. On the morning of the 23d did the prisoner at the bar come to your house. - A. He did, he came about seven o'clock, he said will you buy some small pieces of lead, I said let me see them; he with the assistance of a porter brought in an enormous piece of lead; the piece that came in first was from one hundred and fifty to two hundred pounds weight, it caused me to suspect that it was not honestly come by. I told him that I could not very well weigh it, he must leave it; he said that he particularly came to town to get money for some clothes that he owed for, he said if you cannot weigh it guess at it; this of course made my suspicion stronger.
Q. Did you see any cart there. - A. Yes. (The lead produced.)
Court. Did you advance him any money. - A. He pressed me very hard and I advanced him half a guinea; he came again the same morning. I had him apprehended.


                  JAMES 
                  CHAPMAN
               



             sworn. I live at Harrow. On the evening of the 22nd of September the prisoner applied to me for a cart, he said he wanted to fetch his wife into the country for a fortnight; he had the cart on that night.


                  JAMES 
                  PUTMAN
               



             sworn. Q. You are a plumber living at Harrow. - A.Yes, I am employed at Mr. Hamilton's house; the lead now in court I had ripped from a gutter, it is deficient at one of the corners; I am positive it is Mr. Hamilton's lead. I saw one other piece stand upright in the coal hole on the evening of the 22nd; that was also gone on the 23d.
Prisoner's Defence. This lead that I had in my possession was the property of my brother in law.
Q. Who is your brother in law. - A. He is a bricklayer, he lives in Bayswater, he went into Middlesex hospital; he sent to me if I would sell this lead for him it would be of service to him; I had taken some lead to Mr. Wilkins before he bought it of me this time. I borrowed Chapman's house and cart on Tuesday evening, I turned the horse into the field till the morning, and then I brought the remainder of the lead to Mr. Robinson's, I drove the horse up to the door, he gave me half a guinea, I returned in half an hour, he was not within; I came presently after again to his house, this was the third time, I called, I might have gone away if I would, I immediately went to Robinson's house after having a pint of beer; they had a constable then aud detained me.
Q.(to Putman) What day was it you saw the lead in Mr. Hamilton's coal house. - A. On the 22d.
Q. When did you go to Wilkins. - A. On the Saturday after I believe.
Q.(to Wilkins) Was the lead that you shewed to Mr. Putman the same as you received from the prisoner. - A. Yes.
GUILTY, aged 27.
Of 


               stealing to the value of thirty-five shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
