





73. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HOLLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of November
, nine silk handkerchiefs, value 18s. and four pair of shoes, value 6s. the property of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Moses
                     



                   and 
                     
                        
                           Abraham 
                           Moses
                        



                     
                  , in their dwelling-house
            .


                  HENRY 
                  MOSES
               



             sworn. Q. Did the prisoner live with you? - A. Yes.
Q. When? - A.About the 25th of October last, he came to me on trial; and on the 25th of November, some police-officers brought him to my house, and asked me if I knew him; I told them I did; they asked me if I missed any thing.
Q. Had he quitted your service? - A. No; they told me the pawnbroker had stopped him with some silk handkerchiefs offering to pawn; some duplicates of the other things were found upon him.


                  CHRISTIAN 
                  MATHEWS
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker: On the 25th of November, the prisoner at the bar came into our shop about twelve o'clock, and offered these handkerchiefs to pledge, (produces them); he asked twelve shillings upon them; I asked him several questions concerning them, and he did not give satisfactory answers; a young man who was in our shop jumped over the counter, and took hold of him, and took him before the Magistrate at Lambeth-street.
Q. Did you search him? - A. No; here is a pair of shoes that he pledged on the 16th of November, which I lent him half-a-crown upon.
Q.(To Moses). Look at those handkerchiefs? - A. I cannot say positivily they are mine, because the mark is gone off; they are the same sort of handkerchiefs, and the shoes never had any mark, but I know them to be mine, they are the sort of shoes we generally have; I cannot swear to them, I never missed them; goods are continually coming in and going out; and therefore I could not miss them.
Q. What did the prisoner say? - A. When the officer brought him to my house, he confessed it.
Q. Did you make him any promise? - A. No; in fact I did not ask him a single question; when the officers brought him to my house, he went down upon his knees, begged for mercy, and said, they were all my property, and he would give me back all that he had.
Q. Had he the goods with him? - A. No, I never saw him with the goods; they were brought to me the next day, and he said they were all mine; I told him it was not in my power to shew him mercy; the law must take its course.
Q. Where were your handkerchiefs kept? - A. In a glass in the shop.
Q. Was he shop-boy? - A. No, he was hired to go on errands.
Q. Are the shoes your own wear? - A. No, we keep a shop-shop.
Q. Is your son in partnership with you? - A. Yes, the firm of the house is Moese and son.

Q.What is the lowest value you can fix upon the handkerchiefs? - A.Suppose about 2s. a piece.
Q.What are the shoes worth? - A. About one shilling and sixpence.
JONATHAN TROTT sworn. - On the 25th of November last, the prisoner was brought to the Office by one of Mr. Mathews's man, a pawnbroker, in the Minories; he was taken before a Magistrate, and a handkerchief was produced; I searched him, and found a great quantity of duplicates upon him; I asked him if he had any thing else about him, and he said, no; I searched him, and found a watch upon him, which he said was his own, that his father had given him a twelvemonth ago; I found upon him a leather purse; there was a piece of parchment in the purse, with two pieces of paper in it; one paper had got three guineas in it; it was pinned  in his breeches pocket; and the other paper two guineas and a half; I then searched another pocket, and found a sevenshilling piece, a half guinea, three shillings, and a sixpence; I asked him how he came by that money; he told me his father had given it him to take care of for him; I then put my hand in one of his pockets, and found a card, with Moses and son upon it, in Nigtingale-lane; I told him, I am afraid you are a bad boy; you have been robbing your master, and this is a card of his shop; he said it was not his master; he did not live there at all; I then took him before the Magistrate again, and acquainted the Magistrate with what I had found; he told the Magistrate, if he would let the officer go with him, he would shew where his master lived, and his father too; I thought it prudent to take some more officers with me, and search the father's house; he took us to his master's first, which proved to be the same place which the card directed me to; I asked the master if he had lived with him; I asked him if he had sent him to pledge any silk handkerchiefs; he said, no; I then asked him if he had lost any; he said, there were so many things in the shop, he could not tell; I then took hold of his arm, to take him back again to the Office; he said, let me go on one side, and speak to my master; I told him if he had any thing to say to his master; he must say it in my presence; he then said all the things that were pledged at the different pawnbrokers that the tickets belonged to, except the watch and the pin, which I forgot to mention, were his masters; he said the half guinea and seven-shilling piece and the 3s. 6d. were the produce of them; he told his master he hoped he would forgive him, and he would come back, and live in his service.
Q. Were the shoes and the neck-handkerchiefs part of the things he admitted he had taken? - A. Yes.
Q. He did not admit that the rest of money came from that? - A. No, he did not.
Prisoner's defence. The three guineas and the two guineas and a half, the watch and the pin, were my own property; and as to the other things, my master said he would be as favourable as he could. GUILTY aged 15.
Of 


               stealing goods to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Lord Alvanley.
