





432. 
               
                  HARIOT 
                  HAYNES
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 10th of July
, one half guinea, a seven shilling piece, and five shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Cullen
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CULLEN
               



             sworn. On the 10th of July between ten and eleven o'clock at night, I was going along Piccadilly


 returning home to Knightsbridge, I was laid hold of by the prisoner by the coat; she said, sir, I am in distress, give me something, I was walking very fast, I told her I had not any thing to give her and begged her not to stop me, I knew that I had some halfpence in my pocket, and to get rid of her I was in the act of putting my left hand into my pocket to give them her, I thought I perceived her hand coming from my other pocket, I immediately felt in my pocket to see if I had twenty-two shillings and sixpence, which I knew I had in my pocket before I met her; to my surprize I found it was gone, I immediately said to her where is my money which you have taken out of my pocket, she denied it, I said I am sure you have it, if this is the way you mean to reward my humanity I will punish you for it; I said, let me see what you have got in your hand, I took out of her hand a half guinea and five shillings, there wanted then seven shillings of the money; I said this is a proof that you have taken this money out of my pocket, here it is; she then denied knowing any thing of the seven shilling piece. I had in my pocket, a half guinea, a seven shilling piece, and five shillings.
Q. Did you find the seven shilling piece any where. - A. No, I took her over to the watchman, and he took her to the watchhouse.
Q. How long might she be with you. - A. Not a minute, in fact I could hardly believe that it could be possible that she could take the money in that time; I took the money out of her hand, I kept it in my hand, and gave it to the officer at the watch-house.
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me half a guinea and five shillings, he took me up a passage, and after he had connection with me he wanted me to give it him back.
Prosecutor. She accosted me in the street, and almost tore the coat from my shoulder, that is the truth.
- GREGORY sworn. I was at the watchhouse, I was the officer, the prisoner is the person that was brought into the watch house, and this is the money the gentleman delivered to me (producing it); I searched her but could not find the seven shilling piece, she acknowledged taking the money from him.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
