





305. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HANSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of March
, a sack, value 2s. and three pigs, value 6l.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Allen
               




            .
JOHN ALLEN sworn. - I am a cow-keeper
, at Tottenham


, the prisoner at the bar was my servant
: On Saturday night the 14th, I paid him his wages, and on the 15th, in the morning, the milkmen found their way in at the gates, they were open about seven o'clock; I went to look for the pigs, and missed six; there were ten of them there the night before; I missed the sack from the granary, from a great many more; I afterwards searched the prisoner's lodgings, the day he was taken, which was the Monday week following, and found the sack in his lodgings; I know it to be mine.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  DAVIS
               



             sworn. - The prisoner came to our house, and said, he had got six pigs, belonging to Mr. Allen; he said, he had sold them to Mr. Malpas for three shillings a piece; he was altering the nails in his shoes; I asked him what that was for, he said, he altered it that nobody should swear to it; he turned himself round, and asked my husband whether his coat was bloody; he pulled out a knife, and said, that was the knife he had killed the pigs with in Mr. Allen's stye.


                  MARY 
                  GROVES
               



             sworn. - On Wednesday morning, the prisoner came in, I asked him where he had been, and he said he had been watching Mr. Allen's potatoes; he brought in a sack with him, it was very wet; he asked me to hang it up to dry.
Q. Was it bloody? - A. I did not examine that, I hung it up to dry.


                  THOMAS 
                  RUSHTON
               



             sworn. - I lodge in the same room with the prisoner; on the 14th, the prisoner did not come home at night, he did not come home till three o'clock in the morning, which was the Sabbath-day; he said, he had been very drunk, but was then very sober; he said, he should set up for an hour, and then go out again; I advised him to go to bed, and he undressed himself to the best of my knowledge, but before I got up in the morning, he was drest and gone out again.(
               
                  Samuel 
                  Harper
               



            , an officer, produced the sack, which was deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I had that sack by me above a twelvemonth, when I was a corn-porter, and worked at the water-side; as to the pigs I know nothing at all about them.



               GUILTY
            . - 


               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury before the Lord Chief Baron.
