





520. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MARTIN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of September
, 16 yards of woollen cloth, value 10 l. the property of 
                     
                        Henry William 
                        Eastman
                     



                   and 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Millard
                        



                     
                  ; a metal watch, value 7 l. a silver tea-spoon, value 6 d. 5 shirts, value 20 s. 4 handkerchiefs, value 10 s. a silk handkerchief, value 5 s. a silver pencil-case, value 1 s. a waistcoat piece, value 8 s. and a pair of breeches, value 10 s. the property of Henry-
                     
                        William 
                        Eastman
                     



                  ; a silk gown, value 20 s. four silver tea-spoons, value 4 s. a shawl, value 6 s. and two curtains, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Jay
                        



                     
                  , widow
, in the dwelling-house of Henry-
                     
                        William 
                        Eastman
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Millard
                     



.
Second Count. Charging the like offence in the dwelling-house of Henry-
               
                  William 
                  Eastman
               



             only.
(The case stated by Mr. Gurney.)
HENRY-
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  EASTMAN
               



             sworn. - I am in partnership with 
               
                  Francis 
                  Millard
               



            , we are packers

, in Sise-lane


; the warehouses are in the lower part of the house, there is a communication from one to the other, Mr. Millard lives in another house lower down the lane; on Sunday the 16th of September, I left the warehouse at one o'clock in the day; I did not know that any body was left in the house or warehouse, I came home about ten o'clock; the prisoner was our porter
; when I came home I missed half a piece of superfine cloth that we had to pack for the country; I had left it in the warehouse; and missed a metal watch from my bedroom, a silver tea spoon, four shirts, four handkerchiefs, four silk handkerchiefs, a pencil-case, a waistcoat-piece, and a pair of breeches, the bedroom door had been broke open with the kitchen poker; the poker was found in the room; Mrs. Jay is my mother-in-law; her property that was lost was in my bed room; she had a chest ofdrawers there; the prisoner was apprehended the next day.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Have you any other partner? - A. Not directly; we make an allowance to the widow Ward.
Court. The woollen cloth is the only article charged to be partnership property.


                  ROBERT 
                  BERRY
               



             sworn. - I keep the Golden Anchor public-house, in Park-street, Borough; on Sunday, the 16th of September, the prisoner came to see a person at my house, whom he called his brother; that person's name is Carter; it was about eight o'clock in the evening; he had a bundle with him, and his brother asked me to let him leave it in his room; he was in his dishabille; when he came on Sundays, he used to come in his Sunday's clothes, and I thought he had left his place; the things remained in a box till the next evening, when the officers came; there were three empty boxes in the room in which Carter lodged.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You had never seen the contents of the bundle? - A. No.
Q. A great many people have access to the different parts of your house? - A. Yes, I have a number of different lodgers.
Q. You cannot tell who placed these things in the box? - A. No, it was a double-bedded room, and two lodgers slept there every night; it is up two pair of stairs; I did not go up with the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  READ
               



             sworn. - I am a city officer; I went to Mr. Berry's; I was directed by the prisoner to go up two pair of stairs, to the front room, where one Carter slept; he told me the things lay in a box; I found them as he directed me. (Produces the property.)


                  MARY 
                  JAY
               



             sworn. - I had a chest of drawers in Mr. Eastman's room, from which I missed a gown, four tea-spoons, a shawl, and two curtains; (looks at them;) these are my property.
(Mr. Eastman identified the breeches, the pencil-case, and the watch.)
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.
GUILTY, aged 32,
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
