





870. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Nicolls
                        




                     
                  , in the King's highway, on the 3rd of November
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, a watch, value 20 s. his property
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  NICOLLS
               



            . I live at No. 5, Bear-alley, Fleet-market. I am a messenger on the debtor's side of Newgate
. On Friday last between six and seven in the evening, I was under the piazza's Lincoln's-Inn-fields


, the prisoner ran violently against me, and snatched the watch out of my pocket; he shoved me back, I did not fall down; if I had known what he had been about I should have resisted him, he did not hurt me.
Q. Did you ever lose sight of that person - A. Yes, he was out of my sight; the light of the lamps were upon him, I saw his person; I am certain he is the person that ran against me from the light of the lamps.
Q. How long was it before you saw him again - A. In less than a minute, he was taken about the middle of Lincoln's-Inn-fields, by Holborn Row; I have seen the watch since.
RICHARD PIANER. I live at No. 40, Ellkins-row, Blackfriars-road.
Q. Were you in the neighbourhood when this took place - A. I was in about the middle of Holborn-row, proceeding towards Great Queen-street, I heard the cry of stop thief; I heard the footsteps of some person running, in the course of a minute I looked to my left hand; near the railing which incloses the garden I distinctly perceived a man running as fast as possible; I kept my eyes on him, I saw him stop and sit down on the curb stone by the rails. I approached him together with five or six others. The prisoner then said, what have I done where is the gentleman that said I robbed him. The prosecutor with several others, were calling out stop thief on the pavement of Holborn-row; they came up to the place where we were standing. I with several others, said here is the man; the prosecutor came and charged the prisoner with picking his pocket of his watch, and laid hold of him by the collar; the prisoner denied it, and said they might search him; the prosecutor took him to Bow-street.
WILLIAM SNAP. I am a hatter, I live in South Audley-street. Last Friday evening between six and seven o'clock, I was near to the end of Great Queen-street, near to the piazzas, I heard the cry of stop thief, I ran to where the prosecutor had hold of the prisoner; the prosecutor said he had lost his watch, and that the prisoner had stole it. I returned to Queen-street and transacted my business, and when I came out, I went to where the prosecutor had hold of the prisoner; I looked for this watch, I found it close again the railing upon the curb stone, near to where I first saw the prosecutor; I went to Bow-street, and shewed the watch to Mr. Graham. I have kept the watch ever since.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to a public house in Long Acre; I was returning home to Golden-lane. I was coming from Queen-street, close by the rails, when I heard the cry of stop thief. One exclaimed, that is the man that robbed that gentleman. I immediately asked who I had robbed, and what I had stole;the prosecutor immediately came up, and said I had robbed him of his watch.
The prisoner called four witnesses, gave him a good character.




               GUILTY
            , aged 21.
Of stealing but not violently from the person.




               Transported for Seven years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
