





10. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     GREENWOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 11th of November
, two hundred and forty gallons of vinegar, value 22 l. six casks, called half hogsheads, and one cask, called a hogshead, value 4 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           White
                        



                     
                  , widow
, upon a certain wharf belonging to her, adjoining the navigable river Thames
            .
Second count for like offence, the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Newberry
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wells
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Stirling
                  



               
            .


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  NELSON
               



            . I am clerk at Kennett's wharf, Upper Thames-street, near Queen Hithe


. On the 11th of November a person came down the wharf, saying that he came from Maynard and Co. St. John-street, for seven casks, six half hogsheads, and one hogshead.
Q. Who was the man. - A. I have every reason to believe it was the prisoner at the bar, I cannot swear to it, he paid for the wharfage, two shillings and eightpence.
Q. Then all you know is that some man came to the wharf, and had six half hogsheads and a hogshead that were delivered to him, and he paid two shillings and eightpence wharfage. - A. Yes.
Q. Did you deliver it without any order. - A. I did deliver it without any written order.


                  JOHN 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I am clerk to Newberry, Wells, and Co. they are vinegar merchant


s, St. John-street, Clerkenwell. On the 5th of July last we sent six half hogsheads of vinegar, and one hogshead, to Kennet's wharf, for 
               
                  William 
                  Champion
               



            , Reading; from some dispute this vinegar was returned to our house, directed to Maynard and Co. which was the old firm; about three weeks since a custom house officer came one morning to our house to inform us the preceeding night he saw a cart strike six half and a hogshead from a cart into an empty house, Bethnal Green; I can identify the casks and the sending them, and Lee, the carman, can prove that the prisoner is the man who had them in his custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BULLOCK
               



            . I am a publican, I keep the Coachmaker's Arms, Camomile-street. About the 11th of November the prisoner came to my house with a loaded cart, the exact time I cannot say, the carman and he had a pot or two of beer at the door, the prisoner came in my house, and said that he had some vinegar, he was solicitous for me to purchase it, he said he was distressed for money to pay his men.
Q. You purchased some of him. - A. Yes, I purchased a small cask, I think I gave him a one pound note for it; Mason the officer took it away.


                  MARY 
                  BULLOCK
               



            . Q. You are the wife of the last witness. - A. I am.
Q. Do you remember the prisoner coming into your house. - A. Yes, on the 11th of November.
Q. What time of the day. - A. It was in the evening, he had a cart at our door loaded with casks.
Q. Did you purchase one of them. - A. We did.
Q. What did it contain. - A. Vinegar. I know no more than it was the prisoner at the bar that sold it to me, and I paid him a one pound note for it.


                  PETER 
                  MASON
               



            . Q. You are an officer. - A. Yes. On the 12th of last month I went up to Bethnal Green, I fetched five half hogsheads and a whole hogshead of vinegar; it had been stopped by a custom-house officer; the clerk of Kennet's wharf went up with me to prove that it came from Kennet's wharf; I apprehended the carman who carried it to Mr. Bullock's house, and the remainder of it to Bethnal Green; I fetched the cask from Mr. Bullock's, it is now over at the New Inn. On Sunday morning we apprehended the prisoner, he at first denied having any knowledge of it, I told him that we had got the carman that drove the vinegar to the public house that he had sold a cask of vinegar to, he said, well, he was not the only one who was concerned in it.


                  JOHN 
                  RAY
               



            . On Sunday morning last I went with Mason to apprehend the prisoner, I knocked at the door between five and six o'clock, I was answered by a woman's voice that he was gone to Gravesend for a fortnight; we broke the door open, and we found the prisoner in bed, his wife was in a pregnant state, we would not alarm her; when we got him to a public house we told him what we apprehended him for, he acknowledged it.


                  RICHARD 
                  LEE
               



            . You are the carman. - A. Yes, I drive for 
               
                  Ann 
                  Stevens
               



            , Labour in Vain Hill, our stand is in Thames-street; the prisoner came to me and said I want your cart to go to Kennett's wharf, he said he had got five or six casks of vinegar, accordingly I went with him, I staid in the cart and helped load them; I understood when he got me up on the wharf, that I was to go to Shoreditch, and he would follow me.
Q. Where in fact did you go. - A. I went as far as Shoreditch bar, I waited there full three quarters of an hour, I turned my cart about to come to the wharf again; coming back I met him, he said he told me to go to Hounsditch; he told me to turn about, I went up Camomile street, that is the lady I saw there, (Mrs. Bullock) I delivered one cask there, I did not go inside of the house; then he ordered me to drive up Hounsditch into Whitechapel, accordingly I did, I stopped at the Seven Stars, as he told me, he said stop here, I shall be back in twelve minutes; presently he came back, and said I shall go no further with them, we struck them at the Seven Stars on the pavement, he went and got change of a pound note, he asked me what the money was, I told him seven shillings; as I was going home, there were one or two men there, they said will you take them up again, I said where are you going to, he said to Mile End turnpike; I took them up again, I was to have four shillings, and they were to pay the toll, I took them through Mile End turnpike, and struck them on the ground, as they ordered me; they gave me four shillings, and I saw no more of them.
Prisoner's Defence. May it please your lordship, at this time I was out of employ, I called at the Seven Stars, some gentlemen there employed me to go to Kennett's wharf, to enquire if these casks were there, I went down to the wharf, the gentleman delivered them, they were put in the cart, we went on to Hounsditch, there I met with one of the gentlemen that employed me, he told me to go to the Coachmaker's Arms, and to treat the carman, and to ask the landlord to buy a cask for one pound, which was a great deal less than it cost.
Q. (to Nelson) Does your wharf adjoin the river. - A. Yes, we land goods from the craft as they lay along side upon our wharf, from the river Thames.
GUILTY, aged 28.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
