





366. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     TREVETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of February
, eighty-four pounds weight of lead, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Dalrymple
                        




                     
                  , fixed to his dwelling house
            .
Second Count. Charging it to be fixed to a certain building of his.
Third Count. For stealing like lead, not charging it to be fixed.
- BAILEY sworn. - Mr. 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Dalrymple
               



             is a lessee under the Duke of Portland, at NO. 57, High-street, Marry-le-bonne


; Mr. Dalrymple did not live in the house at the time the lead was taken, nor had not for two years.
Q. Was it not occupied by any servant of his? - A. No, nobody; it has been empty; I have lived with him upwards of twenty years, and kept his books; on the morning of the 26th of February, the pump was brought to me; the prisoner was then in custody: I saw him at the office
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You lost a pump? - A. Yes.
Q. And you found it again? - A. Yes.
Q. Was it a complete pump? - A. No, the handle is wanting.


                  PATRICK 
                  BUCKLEY
               



             sworn. - I am a labouring man; I was calling the hour between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, in High-street, Mary-bonne, I detected the prisoner with the pump upon the shoulder; I asked him where he was going with it; he told me he was going to the plumber's in East-street; I had a foul suspicion of him, and I charged another watchman with him; he went past the plumber's, and chucked the pump down; he ran away; I am sure the man who was brought back was the same man.
Another Watchman sworn. - I saw the prisoner; I asked him where he got the pump, and he told me from Mr. Woollet's, a cow-keeper; he said, he was going to take it to the plumber's, in East-street; he went past the plumber's, threw down the lead, and ran away; he ran about a quarter of a mile; I pursued him, and he hid himself in a trench in a garden; when I got close to him, he got up and ran away; a gentleman's coachman stopped him, I am sure he is the same man.


                  HENRY 
                  BETTS
               



             sworn. - I belong to Mary-le-bonne watch-house: On the 24th of February, before I took the prisoner to the office, he told me, voluntarily, where he had the lead from; he saidhe had it from one of the houses at the top of High-street; I took it to the house the next morning; it had been fixed to a kind of warehouse.
Q. Have you any doubt that it came from those premises? - A. No.
Mr. Gurney. Q. There is the whole of the pump except the handle? - A. Yes.


                  ANN 
                  HAWKINS
               



             sworn. - I know this to be Mr. Dalrymple's pump, I have known it a great many years; it was apt to leak after frosty weather, and I used to take a hammer, or a chopper, and beat it together, I have done that repeatedly.
Bailey. I saw the pump fitted to the place, and it corresponded exactly; it had every appearance of having been fresh cut.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called two witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
