






371. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BEALS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ESTHER 
                     MERRYMAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of April
, twenty-four yards of printed cotton, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Greenwell
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Pitt
                        



                     
                  , privately in their shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GREENWELL
               



             sworn. - I am a liner-draper

, in Bishopsgate-street


, I am in partnership with 
               
                  William 
                  Pitt
               



            ; on Monday, the 29th of April, between five and six o'clock, the two prisoners at the bar came in for a piece of print for a gown; I was up stairs at the time Mr. Pitt was shewing them the print; I came and stood on the stairs, and they both looked at me in a way which I thought very suspicious; when I came into the shop, she pretended she could not find her pocket; the man stepped in between the woman and me, and she turned round and dropped the print from under her petticoat; I saw it drop from her; when I took it up it was warm.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAPWELL
               



             sworn. - I produce the print: I searched them both, and only found three shillings in money between them both. (The property identified by the prosecutor.)
Beal's defence. You did not see me offer to lay my hand on any thing; I am a hard-working man; I have a wife and a small family of children.
Merryman's defence. I had been to the warehouse, and I met my brother accidentally; I told him I wanted to buy a gown against Whitsuntide; I asked him to go into this shop with me, and I there looked at some prints; I asked him if he would take so much off for the gown; he said, how much was I going to pay; he could not take less than half a crown a yard; I bid him two shillings and four-pence; he said how many yards did I want; I said, six and a half; in measuring the piece, he shoved that piece from the counter; I directly picked it up, and this gentleman here came up from behind me, and said, I had dropped it; (that is the very truth about it) he said he had lost about twenty or thirty pounds that week; and he would make me pay for all.
Beals called one witness who gave him a good character.
Beals, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Merryman, GUILTY, aged 21,
Of 


               stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
