





664. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BRUCE
               




             was indicted 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of July
, a silk handkerchief, value 6d. and six shillings in money
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Doyle
                  




               
            .
STEPHEN DOYLE sworn. - I am a breechesmaker
, in Denmark-street, St. George's in the East


: On the 8th of July, about four in the morning, I found the prisoner in my room; I said, you villain, Bruce, what are you doing here, I will have you detected; he had been in trouble some time before, and when he came out, every body said, there goes Bruce, that was the way I came to know his name; he had the silk handkerchief that I now have round my neck, in his hand, which he dropped; I had six shillings in my waistcoat pocket over night, and that was gone; I had laid my waistcoat upon the table, under the handkerchief; I then called some of the neighbours up to my assistance; I charged him with having taken the six shillings, and he would not acknowledge to any of it; I got an officer, who searched him, and found six shillings in silver upon him, and no more.
ELIZABETH DOYLE sworn. - I am the daughter of the last witness, I sleep in my father's room; I saw the prisoner drop the handkerchief, by my father's bed-side.
WILLIAM ELBY sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Shadwell; I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner; I took him to a public-house, threw him down upon his back, and searched him; I found six shillings upon him, which was all the money he had.
Prisoner's defence. I went up stairs at this house to see 
               
                  Nance 
                  Angel
               



            , that lived in the garret, and I met this man upon the stairs; he charged me with taking his money and his handkerchief; I told him I knew nothing about it, and he sent for a runner; I had had some gin with another person, and had changed a seven-shilling piece; the six shillings that were found upon me was the change that I had received out of the seven-shilling-piece.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Hotham.
