






41. 
               
                  THOMAS alias 
                        
WILLIAM 
                        WILLIAMS
                     
               



             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Rhodes
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of twelve at night on the 5th of November
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein a petticoat, value 4 s. three children's petticoats, value 3 s. three pair of pockets, value 1 s. 6 d. four children's night-caps, value 1 s. ten children's shirts, value 10 s. two half handkerchiefs, value 1 s. 6 d. a child's flannel shirt, value 6 d. two children's frocks, value 6 s. two square handkerchiefs, value 6 s. three children's tippets, value 3 s. six children's trowsers, value 16 s. four children's handkerchiefs, value 5 s. and twenty-two pin-cloths, value 16 s. the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Rhodes
                     



                  ; five habit shirts, value 2 s. 6 d. six muslin half handkerchiefs, value 9 s. and six night caps, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Beliar
                        



                     
                  ; a night cap, value 4 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Hughes
                        



                     
                  ; and a pair of pockets, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Woltman
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WALKER
               



             sworn. - I am foreman to Mr. Rhodes, he is a cow-keeper
 in the Hampstead-road, St. Pancras


; I live at the next door to Mr. Rhodes; the prisoner at the bar came to our house to plant some celery and other plants in the garden; he worked part of two days, Mr. Rhodes paid him himself: On the 6th of November, one of the men picked up a quantity of wet linen, and brought it to me in the accompting-house, he picked it up in the adjoining field; I examined it, and found Mr. Rhodes's mark on it; it led me to suspect the laundry had been broke open; I rung the bell, and the servants came down, and I went through into the laundry, and found the door had been broke open, and the baskets were all standing empty; we called Mr. Taylor, the officer, and he examined the premises.
Q. How had it been broke open? - A. By a chisel, or a crow.
Q. Where is the laundry - does it adjoin the house? - A.(The witness produced a paper drawing, delineating the situation of the premises.) There is a way to go into the laundry from the wash-house, and the kitchen joins the wash-house; it all belongs to the house, and is joined by a wall, and the garden is walled in of two sides, and the other two by a paling; it was the door of the laundry that comes into the garden that was broke open.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BELIAR
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Rhodes.
Q. Who was last up that night? - 
               A. Rebecca Hughes
             and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Riley
               



            .
Q. Are they here? - A. No, I saw the lock broke in the morning; I only come to claim the things that belong to my master.
ANN M'DONALD sworn. - I keep a shop, No. 50 East-street, Mary-le-Bone; the prisoner at the bar brought me the things to sell on the 9th of November; I deal in clothes, and in the brokery line.
Q. Do you deal in old iron? - A. Yes; he said they were given to him for his wife and children, and he could not afford to keep them, he was in want of money.
Q. Did you know him before? - A. Yes, since June, as a gardener.
Q. He has dealt at your shop - you have bought things of him before? - A. No, I have been at his garden, and bought vegetables; I have seen them cut out of his garden at Lisson-grove, near Mr. Rhodes's; he brought these things to me, I bought the articles mentioned in the indictment.
Q. Are they all here? - A. I fancy so; Mr. Taylor and Mr. Crocker has them; part I sold to a Jew; I put them in the window as soon as I bought them, and sold them directly, and the Jew sold them to a man who is now in Court.
Q. What did you give him for all you bought of him? - A. Twenty-four shillings for one parcel, and eighteen shillings for the other.
Cross-examined by Mr. Watson. Q. You had the misfortune to be taken up on this occasion? - A. Yes.
Q. Are you married? - A. I am a widow.
Q. You forgot that before the Justice? - A. I did say I was a married woman, I have been married.


                  HENRY 
                  CROCKER
               



             sworn. - I am an officer, I produce all the property; I found some of the property in this woman's house.
Q.(To M'Donald) These things that were found in your house were the things that you bought of the prisoner? - A. Yes, excepting one handkerchief, which is my own.
Crocker. After we had searched the woman, she said who she had bought them of; we took her to Bow-street, and then went in pursuit of the prisoner, and searched his house; there we found some things in his own house, and here are some things this woman sold to a Jew.


                  EDWARD 
                  HAYCOCK
               



             sworn. - I bought these things of Solomon; I received an advertisement of a robbery, I produced these things; I went to Mr. Rhodes, and told him the next day; I told the Jew the property was claimed by Mr. Rhodes, and he must find me the person whom he had bought them of; he took me immediately to this house, and I gave information to Mr. Rhodes.
(The property produced, and identified by Elizabeth Beliar.)
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 44,
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
