






450. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FARO
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     ARMFIELD
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of May
, nine pair of gold ear-rings, value 2l. 5s. and two odd gold ear-rings, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Chandler
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HUGHES
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Chandler
               



            , jeweller
, in Leicester-square


: On Monday evening, the 19th of May, between six and seven o'clock, I had been out, and when I came back into the shop, I saw the prisoner, Armfield, standing by the ear-ring drawer; in going round by the other counter he went out of the shop; I then saw the prisoner, Faro, apparently purchasing something on the other side of the shop; when Faro was gone, I went up to the place where I had seen Armfield stand, and discovered a great vacancy in the ear-ring drawer; I then went after the prisoners, I watched them into a liquor-shop in Rupert-street; I then came back and informed my master of it, and my master then went with me; when we got into Coventry-street, I saw them again; I laid hold of Armfield, and in bringing him along he made a bit of a rustling, with his hands behind him; upon which I asked him what he was about, and saw a pair of ear-rings in his hand, which he dropped; he then said it was not him that took them, it was the other took them and gave them to him; I brought him back, and my master pursued the other.


                  ROBERT 
                  CHANDLER
               



             sworn. - I went in pursuit of the prisoners: I saw them in Coventry-street; I pursued Faro, he ran down the Hay-Market, and about half way down I took him; I brought him as far as Coventry-street, and there I was surrounded by some of his companions, I believe, who rescued him from me; I suppose there were a hundred round me, and he got from me; I am certain the prisoner, Faro, is the same person.


                  JOHN 
                  HALEY
               



             sworn. - I am a lace-man in Longacre: I saw Mr. Chandler have hold of the prisoner,Faro, and a gang round him, there were a great many of them, in Coventry-street; I saw them attempting to rescue him, and I took hold of him by the collar; upon which he made some resistance, and those round him asked me what I had to do with it; when we got to the corner of Rupert-street, or near it, his associates said I was choaking him, and insisted upon my letting him go, and promised he should go quietly to the office; I then quitted my hold, and the gang surrounded us, and he ran away; I pursued, and one of them attempted to strike me with a stick, but it missed me; I told them they had better he quiet, or I would take some more of them; the prisoner ran through a court into Gerrard-street, and there a young man stopped him, but was afraid to take hold of him; I took hold of him, and said he had better be quiet, for he should not get away again; upon which he bit my knuckles; I dragged him over to a mahogany-yard in Princes-street, upon which a fight commenced among the gang, and they knocked down two or three gentlemen; I took the prisoner into the mahogany-yard, and there the officers took him; before they came, he broke a flout man's mouth, or nose, I don't know which, in the yard, and set him in a gore of blood; I don't think I lost sight of him, but I am positive it is the same person that I saw in the custody of Mr. Chandler.


                  DAVID 
                  BOOTH
               



             sworn. - I am an upholsterer in Great Portland-street, St. Mary-le-bonne: On Monday, the 19th of May last, a little before seven in the evening, passing along Coventry-street, I saw the witness, Hughes, lay hold of Armfield at the corner of Oxendon-street, and as they were taking him along, I saw him put his hand into his pocket, and upon taking it out, he threw what appeared to me to be bits of paper, into the middle of the street; I immediately ran to the spot and picked them up, and found they contained gold or gilt trinkets of some kind; I followed them to Mr. Chandler's shop, and there produced them; I asked Armfield if he had any more about him, and he told me, yes; he put his hand in his pocket, and produced several pair of ear-rings; at the same time, declaring it was not him that took them, but that the other gave them to him.(George-
               
                  Timothy 
                  Cotterell
               



            , a constable, produced the property, which was deposed to by Mr. Chandler).
Armfield's defence. I have nothing to say for myself; Faro is innocent.
Faro's defence. I bought a breast-buckle for half-a-crown, I had change for a seven-shilling-piece, and came away. Faro, GUILTY.
Armfield, GUILTY.




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
