





663. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BEAUMONT
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of August
, a frock, value, 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Pennell
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  PENNELL
               



            . My husband's name is John Pennell, he is a labourer
 at the India house, I live in Monmouth-street


. On the 27th of August, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, I left the child at the door to play.
Q. What age is the child. - A.Three years old; I returned about four, the child was missing; I looked for it two hours; I was informed the child was stripped in Leicester fields, that the child was in the work house, and the woman in the watchhouse. I found my child at the office in Queen square, it had been stripped of its frock.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, servantCorder, Green-street, Leicester square. On the 27th of August, about four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came into the shop, she had a child at the bottom of the box, but I could only see its head; she offered this frock to pledge; I advanced her a shilling on it. Soon after this child was seen in our passage. it came out, I saw it at the window, I knew the child by the head, it was white; it was stripped of its frock. I got the child to be taken care of. Soon after I saw her at the window; I ran after her and took her against St. Martin's watchhouse; I secured her and sent for Goodenough, he took her to Qeen square; I was ordered to attend with the frock. The child was produced before the magistrate; the mother claimed it.
Q. You are quite sure that is the woman that pawned the frock. - A. Yes.
Q. And that is the child she had with her, so far as you can judge from appearance. - A. Yes.
The property produced and identified.



               GUILTY
             aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
