





168. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     GLADMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of January
, fifty yards of printed cotton, value 3 l. 10 s. and twenty-five yards of gingham, value 2 l. 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Clarke
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Boyd
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     French
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CLARKE
               



             sworn. I am a linen draper


, I live in Holborn, the corner of Bow-street, I have a shop in the city, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Boyd
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  French
               



             are my partners; this offence was committed in Newgate-street


. On the 24th of January, about four in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner in the shop, she had a very large cloak on her, there was a man in conversation with her, he was watching of me apparently, to see whether I was attentive to them or not; the woman was standing by him with her arms under her cloak, she seemed as if she was creeping something down in her pocket under her cloak; I went over the counter and turned her about into the middle of the shop, and took from her a whole piece of gingham of twenty-five yards, which was under her clothes round her body; I sent for an officer to take her in custody, she then begged to sit down, and immediately dropped her pockets; in one of these pockets was found twenty-eight yards of cotton print (her pockets were large bags which she had by her side; the pockets shewn in court), and in the other pocket was twenty-five yards; she had taken two pieces of print, and one piece of gingham.
Q. You saw her taking this. - A. No, I only saw her as if she was creeping something in her pocket; the man ran away out of the shop, he has not been seen since.
Q. How long had she been in your shop. - A. I suppose about a quarter of an hour, I did not see her come in.
Prisoner's Q.(to prosecutor) I wish you to say whether you took it from under my petticoats. - A. No, I took it from round your waist.
Prisoner. I had it in my hand, I had it not round me, he found me pregnant instead of any thing about me.
Court. Q.(to prosecutor) Where is your shop. - A. I live in Holborn, my shop is in Newgate-street,the corner of St. Martin's-le-Grand.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITEWICK
               



             sworn. Q. You are a shopman to this gentleman. - A. Yes, I see Mr. Clark take the gingham out of her apron from her waist.
Q. Did you see her come in. - A. Yes, she came up to me as I was at the bottom of the shop, she said she wished to look at some prints; there was a man with her; I shewed her some, and went to the bottom of the shop to get some others; before I came back again, Mr. Clarke took the gingham out of her apron, he then sent for a constable, I stood by her and saw her pockets drop from her.
Q. Where had these goods been before she come in. - A. On the counter.
Q. Had you left these goods which you found afterwards in her pockets on the counter. - A. Yes, the goods were left there while I went to the bottom of the shop, and when I came back they were gone.
Q. Was any body else in the shop. - A. The shop was nearly full.
Prisoner's Q. Did not I ask for seven yards of what you say you found about me. - A. You did not, you said you did not like them.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAMS
               



             sworn. I produce a piece of gingham and two pockets; there was twenty-eight yards of print in one pocket, and twenty-five yards in the other, they are extreme large pockets.
Q.(to Whitewick) Are you sure that you left these two prints on the counter. - A. Yes, I am sure; they are my master's property, they are all three marked with a private mark.
Q. What is the value of the gingham. - A. Two pounds eight shillings, and the value of the print is three pounds ten shillings.
Prisoner's Defence. I am as innocent as a baby in the womb, though these gentlemen have brought me before the court; my husband is gone aboard a-ship ever since that gentleman sent a letter to him.
GUILTY, aged 35.
Of 


               stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
