





94. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WEEDON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of January
, seventy-two pound weight of veal, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Greenfield
                  




               
            .


                  NEEDLER 
                  GREENFIELD
               



             sworn. I am the son of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Greenfield
               



            , a butcher
 at Tooting in Surrey; on the 4th of this month I bought a calf of Mr. Hunt in Leadenhall market.
Q. The calf was slaughtered I suppose? - A. Yes, it was chopped down in two sides, it was weighed, I paid for it, and Mr. Hunt's man put a ticket on it with my name. I then employed a porter to deliver it into my mother's cart, which was standing very near the Spread Eagle in Gracechurch-street


, I left it in the care of our lad in the cart, I was absent about twenty minutes, on my return he informed me that one of the sides of veal was gone.
Q. Did you ever see it again? - A. Yes, I saw it again, at about seven o'clock in the evening at Lambeth-street office, Whitechapel; I knew it very well, the ticket was on it, and I took another breast of the same veal, and they matched.


                  JOHN 
                  NOWLAND
               



             sworn. Q. You are a police officer? - A. Yes, on the 4th of January, in company with Griffiths, I went to the prisoner's lodgings in Wentworth-street, Whitechapel, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, and there I saw a side of veal.
Q. Was the prisoner there? - A. He was in the passage of the house close to the room; the prisoner told me it was his room; I asked him who the veal belonged to, he said it belonged to him; I asked him if anybody slept in the room along with him, he said nobody but himself; I asked him who brought the veal there, he said he did not know, he did not bring it there, it was his property. I employed a man to take it to the office, Mr. Hunt saw it there, and said it was the veal he had sold to Mr. Greenfield. At seven o'clock in the evening Mr. Greenfield saw it at the office, he examined it with another breast of veal, it appeared to be the same kind of veal.
Prisoner's Defence. Please you, my Lord, I know nothing about the veal; I live at Mrs. Julian's, two doors of this side there; Mr. Nowland knows that I do not rent them rooms, he knew very well that Merrick rents them two rooms.

NOWLAND. Merrick rents the two rooms; he told me that he let the back-room to him for three shillings a week; Merrick lives in the front room.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
