






860. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     RADLEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  MARIA 
                  SMITH
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 14th of October
 one hundred bottles of wine, value 20 l, three shirts, value 30 s. and a quart bottle filled with rum, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Anthony 
                           Hart
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
 in his dwelling house
            .


                  ANTHONY 
                  HART
               



            , Esq. I live in Harper-street, Red-Lion-Square


, the female prisoner lived in the capacity of a cook
 with me near nine months.
Q. In the month of September last your family was absent from town. - A. Yes; we returned to town on the second of October, from a visit in the country, the prisoner 
               
                  Maria 
                  Smith
               



             was the only person left in the care of the house. The man prisoner was entirely a stranger to me, I never saw him till I saw him at Hatton-Garden Office on the second of October; I went into the cellar, I found a considerable quantity of wine had been taken away.
Q. Who has the custody of the key of the cellar. - A. It is always kept by Mrs. Hart or myself; on the second of October I counted the bottles of rum, seventy-four in number; I then locked the cellar door, and locked up the key of the cellar in a cupboard, in my parlour, where it usually had been kept. I placed the key upon the shelf in the closet, with the ring of the key flat on the shelf, and marked the precise spot where the key was with a pen strait line where the ring of the key was, in order to ascertain whether thecellar was opened by a false key, or the closet, I left town on the third, and returned again on the sixth. On my return, I went to the closet and found the key had been removed from the position. It was out of the marks, I put it in, and the ring of the key laid upwards, It had been moved, I was convinced that the access to the cellar was not by a false key; yesterday on examining it, I found the mahogany slab had been wrenched up, and by inserting a hand into the closet, the key might be taken out.
Q. Did you visit your cellar afterwards. - A. I did, I can speak positively to one bottle of rum being gone.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TROTT
               



            , I am an officer, in consequence of information, on the 15th of October, I, in company with Wood went to Mr. Hart's house in Harper-street, Wood went to the house first, I heard Wood enquire of 
               
                  Maria 
                  Smith
               



             if a young man was not there, I said the man is in the house, I know where to find him, she then said he was at the top of the house, in bed, I went up stairs, she and Wood followed me, when I was up stairs, I saw a man laying in bed, she said Radley get up, you are wanted. I then said it was very strange that a young man should be in her bed, she said it was her bed, but not the bed that she slept in, I said, I am satisfied in this bed two people have slept in, I will search all the beds, Wood searched the man, and I the woman, we went down into the kitchen, and on searching the pantry, we found part of a bottle of rum, I asked the woman how she got that rum, she said she purchased it, it was more than an hour before we had done searching, I found a number of keys, we were trying to see if we could unlock any of the locks in the house, and after I had finished the search, I said, Cook, as you purchased the rum, you can tell me the person you bought it of, Oh! no, said she, it was given me. The man and woman was left there, I took the rum away, and went to Mr. Witton's to get a servant to take care of the house, I returned, and the man I took in custody first, the woman afterwards. The man said, he could have made his exit from the house the week before, for Mrs. Hart had told the cook that there were two officers coming to search the house.
Q. In the bed room where you found the man sleeping did you find any property belonging to him. - A. Mr. Wood found it.


                  GEORGE 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am an officer. On the 15th of October I went to Mr. Hart's house, in company with Trott, we went up to the garret, and there Radley was laying in bed, I searched the garret, there were some of his own wearing apparel, there, I searched the drawer in the kitchen, there were two coats, some fiddle strings, and two fiddles laying upon the dresser, which he owned, Mrs. Witton's cook took possession of the house, and was left in care of the woman, the man was taken on that day, 
               
                  Maria 
                  Smith
               



             was taken on the next day. On the 19th I went into the same room, where I found Radley sleeping, I searched the trunk, it contained mens and womens wearing apparel; Trott got the key of the prisoner, she said it was her trunk, and two shirts I now produce were in that trunk, which Mr. Hart claimed; I received a third shirt from Mr. Hart on the same day.
Q. In consequence of any application made to you, did you attend upon the prisoners - A, I attended upon both the prisoners, in consequence of an application made by the prisoners to Mr. Hart, respecting their clothes; I asked both the prisoners whether I should deliver their clothes to them, or to the person who made application to Mr. Hart for them. Both the prisoners said I was to deliver them to the person that was with me, their friend, he was present at that time; I believe he is here. There were some conversation passed between Radley and me about the two shirts, that were found in the prisoner Smith's box. I asked him if he knew who he had them off. He said that he had them of a gentleman that was dead.
Q. Did you deliver up to them the property that was found in the prisoner Smith's box - A. Yes, all except the two shirts I delivered to the person they called their friend.
MRS. HART. Q. This woman prisoner lived with you as cook - A. Yes.
Q. During your absence from town, did you leave any linen of Mr. Hart's in her care - A. Yes, they were marked with the letter H. and the number of the shirt, they were made in a particular way, with a square frill.
Q. Where did you find that shirt you gave to 
               Wood
             the officer - A. I found it in a drawer in the kitchen, and some of the pink silk with which it was originally marked was remaining.


                  Maria 
                  Smiths Defence
               



            . With respect to Mr. Hart's shirts, I cannot account for it no other way than this, which I solemnly declare to be the truth, this 
               
                  Richard 
                  Radley
               



             lived with a gentleman of the name of Hayes until he died, and at his death he had several of his shirts given him; on 
               
                  Richard 
                  Radley
               



             taking them into wear, I took out Mr. Hayes' initials, and put in his own; my having the care of Mr. Harts linen with his own, and giving them both out to wash to the same person; I must have made a mistake, and picked out Mr. Harts name instead of Mr. Hayes. I humbly hope my lord, my case will meet with your feeling.
Radley said nothing in his defence; called six witnesses who gave him a good character.
SMITH 


               GUILTY
            , aged 35.
RADLY 


               GUILTY
            , aged 34.
Of stealing the shirts only,





               Transported for Seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
