





97. 
               
                  RALPH 
                  NORRINGTON
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of November
, a set of fire-irons, value 50s the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Stratton
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Stratton
                     



                  , in their dwelling-house
            .
HENRY STRATTON sworn. - My brother and I are furnishing ironmongers

, in Blackfriar's-road


: On Thursday, the 11th of November, we lost a set of fire-irons from our factory, which is part of our dwelling-house, and under the same roof; I cannot exactly say when I had last seen them, but I think within a few days of their being stolen.


                  JOHN 
                  GODDARD
               



             sworn. - I work with Messrs. Stratton: On the 10th of November, Mr. George Stratton gave me the irons to clean, I looked at them, and saw what was necessary to be done, but being engaged, I gave them to another man, who works up stairs; on Thursday morning, the man missed them, and said to me, have you taken that set of fire-irons, I said, no, but that Mr. Henry Stratton must have taken them; it struck me, in a few minutes, and I went and asked him, he said, no; we searched, but could not find them; I know the prisoner, who had worked shop mate with me, and had quitted Mr. Stratton's service only two or three months.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PARKER
               



             sworn. - I am a furnishing-ironmonger, the prisoner worked for me on the 10th of November; on Saturday the 13th, he brought a set of fireirons, and asked me to buy them, for which, saying, he would take twenty-four shillings; I asked him how he came by them, he said, he had raffled for them, and won them; I thought they were not honestly come by, because the price was too small; I enquired where he raffled for them, he said, the King's-arms, in St. George's-fields, I went there to enquire, and many other public-houses, but it was not so; it struck me then, that he had been servant to Mr. Stratton, and a few other circumstances led me to suppose they were his irons; I went to him, and he saw the irons, which he owned, and the prisoner was then apprehended, (the irons produced, and identified by Geddard;) I should have been glad to have bought them at 40s.
SAMUEL JOHNSON sworn. - I work with Messrs. Stratton, and know the prisoner; I went to work on the Thursday morning, about half past five, and found a hat with the him cut off, behind some sender plates, which I believe to belong to the prisoner. (Produces it.)
Mr. Parker. The prisoner worked in that hat in my shop, he lost it the day of the robbery, and came in another the next day.
Prisoner's defence. I did not steal the irons, they were given to me by a man, looking like a porter, in a blue jacket and white trowsers, on London-bridge; I took them to my master, and asked twenty-four shillings, and he said, he would give a guinea for them at night.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
