





84. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BERRINGER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 23d of December
, a waiscoat, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Fearn
                  




               
            .
JOHN FEARN. I am a salesman
, I live at 154, Hounsditch


.

Q. Did you lose a waistcoat at any time. - A. Yes it was on my shew board, I was out at the time. I can only speak to the property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KING
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Fearn. On the 23d of December, about half past five o'clock, the prisoner came to the shop window, two other persons were with him; they said go in and take the waistcoat.
Q. Where was you at that time, could you see. - A. No. I was sitting behind the counter; I could see all over the place; he came some way into the shop and took the waistcoat out; there was a pair of gaiters on the waistcoat; when he took the waistcoat the gaiters fell. I halloaed out, and the constable was on the other side of the way looking at him. The prisoner ran down Gun-square, and threw the waistcoat down; the constable caught him, it being no thoroughfare. I am sure he is the same person, he had a Belcher handkerchief on.


                  THOMAS 
                  KING THOMPSON
               



            . I was in Houndsditch at the time this happened.
Q. Did you see the prisoner at the bar. - A. Yes, and the two others that were with him. I did not actually see him go in, I saw him come from the door, with the waistcoat in his hand. The two others that were with him held their coats out to shade the light, that no one should see what was done; the lad came out and cried give me my waistcoat; the prisoner made a turn, and threw the waistcoat down in Gun-square; I was quite close to him when he threw the waistcoat down. I watched his coming out of Gun-square; I knew it was no thoroughfare. I apprehended him; I have had the waistcoat ever since. The prisoner when I took him said he was the wrong person.
Q. Do you know whether he had any handkerchief about his neck. - A. He had a Belcher handkerchief on and a brown great coat.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down Houndsditch. I saw four or five lads about my height, they had soldier's great coats on; I saw two of them run up the archway, and the other two towards the church; I heard some people running, I thought they were coming after me; I ran about two yards, that gentleman took me I said I was the wrong person; I had not a Belcher handkerchief on.



               GUILTY
            , aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
