






763. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  FARNHAM
               



            , and 
               
                  JOHN, alias 
WILLIAM 
                  DAY
               




            , were indicted for 


               feloniouslystealing, on the 22d of October, twenty-six yards of linen cloth, value 4l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I am a travelling linen-draper
; I lost the linen cloth from the Queen's Head


, in Tottenham parish


; I left it in the single-horse chaise that I travel in; I saw both the prisoners there; Farnham fed my horse, and when I returned to my cart, they were both there.


                  JANE 
                  GROVE
               



             sworn. - I am horse-keeper at the Queen's Head, at Tottenham; the prisoner, Farnham, officiated as hostler; when Mr. Smith missed the linen cloth, I sent a servant up into the prisoners room; then Mr. Smith went up and brought down a knapsack, containing cloth and linen; when he found it was cut, he said he had lost a great deal, and he was ruined; I then went up stairs myself, and found a handkerchief, containing linen; there were two different sorts of prints; it has been in the possession of the constable ever since.


                  HENRY 
                  WALKER
               



             sworn. - I am a constable,(produces the knapsack); I received it at the Queen's Head, in presence of the prisoners.
Smith. There is a name in the knapsack, and said, it was not theirs; there was no other knapsack there.
Grave. Day said to me, that it was his knapsack, and desired that I would intercede with Mr. Smith for pardon, for they were both guilty alike.
Smith. The linen is all my property, it has my private mark.
Day's defence. The knapsack is not mine, there were more knapsacks in the room; it was an outer room, free for any body to go into.
Q.(To Grove.) Did you say any thing to Day to induce him to confess? - A. No, I did not.
Farnham, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Day, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
