





95. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of November
, a table-cloth, value 2s. a pair of stockings, value2s. a napkin, value 1s. a damask table-cloth, value 9s. a silk handkerchief, value 21s. and a pillow-case, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Malton
                  




               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Vaillant.)
MARY MALTON sworn. - Examined by Mr. Vaillant. I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Malton
               



            , the prisoner was my servant
; I hired her in January last, and she was discharged about ten days before Christmas; I live in Long-acre


; I missed a great number of articles, but had so good an opinion of the prisoner, that I had not the least suspicion of her; the children came home from school at Christmas, and they asked me for some new silver that had been given them the Christmas before; I looked into the drawers, and found them in disorder; I was then alarmed, I immediately looked over my table linen, I missed a large damask tablecloth, a pair of Mr. Bell's stockings, and a silk handkerchief; in consequence of something which passed, I got a search warrant upon the 23d of December; she was lodging at No. 10, Poole's-buildings, Mount-pleasant; I went there with the officer; the prisoner was not at home, she came in before the search was over; the officer broke open her box; when she came in we were looking over the box, we found in it a small napkin, a pair of stockings, and a duplicate of a table-cloth, pawned for fifteen shillings; and I said, Betty, I am sorry to find these stockings here, for the last words you said to me, were, that you hoped I should find them; she said, they were not mine, and she was taken into custody. (Part of the property produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  JOHN 
                  PAUL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Vaillant. I am a pawnbroker; (produces a damask table-cloth and a silk handkerchief:) I believe I took them in of the prisoner, but I have not the least recollection of her; I lent her fifteen shillings upon them, in the name of Mrs. Roberts.
Mr. Knapp. (To Mrs. Malton.) Q. You have other servants in the house? - A. Yes.
Q. You took this servant with a character? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you recollect the circumstance of her having found a Bank-note in the house, and produced it to you? - A. No.
Q. Nor a banker's check? - A. No.


                  SARAH 
                  PAUL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Vaillant. The prisoner at the bar was with me to save her rent and firing; neither me nor the prisoner were at home when the officer came; they had just done searching when I came in.
Q.Whose box was it that they opened? - A. Her own box; I found a pillow under the bed in which she laid, and carried it to Mrs. Malton; it was not mine, and therefore I supposed it was her's; I have a child of the prisoner's.
Q.(To Paul.) Was there any money left for the purpose of redeeming the things? - A.There was money left to induce me to give up the things, in case Mr. Malton should not prosecute.
Mr. Vaillant. Q. That was after she was in custody? - A. Yes.
The prisoner left her defence to her Counsel, and called three witnesses, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 30.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before The LORD CHIEF BARON.
