





645. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     STEADMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of August
, two petticoats, value 5 s. two habit shirts, value 1 s. four handkerchiefs, value 4 s. a cap, value 1 s. a silver soup ladle. value 15 s. two silver tureen ladles, value 10 s. two silver salt spoons, value 6 s. four silver tea spoons, value 8 s. a gold ring, value 5 s. four shirts, value 10 s. two gowns, value 5 s. twenty eight napkins, value 1 l. 8 s. six frocks, value 8 s. six caps, value 6 s. a silver gravy spoon, value 10 s. and six silver table spoons, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Crabtree
                  




               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Bolland.
MR. WOODMAN. Q. You are a constable - A. Yes. I took the prisoner into custody; she had been searched before I came to her; as I was taking her in to a little room along with Mrs. Thompson, she dropped a key, I picked it up; going a little further she dropped four more, in a handkerchief, I picked them up; I searched her and found no more.
Q. Did you try the keys to any drawers in the house - A. I did; this small key that she dropped, opened the till in the accompting house, and two of the four keys that were in the handkerchief, opened the drawers where the linen was; this bunch of keys were delivered to me by Mrs. Thompson; this key opens the ward robe. This property when I went into the room, where the young woman was, was laying on the floor.
MRS. THOMPSON. Q. You are the wife of Mr. Thompson, who is in the employ of Slack and co. cotton merchants, Newgate street - A. Yes.
Q. Mr. Crabtree is abroad - what is his name - A. 
               
                  John 
                  Crabtree
               



            . When he went abroad his furniture was put into three different rooms, and there were some plate and linen.
Q. Where did Mrs. Crabtree go upon her husband's going abroad - A. Into the country. Mr. Thompson lives in the house, he manages the business; the prisoner was my servant
.
Q. On the 24th of August last, did you discover any thing that excited your suspicion - A. I did; I went into the two pair of stairs back room, I put my hand on the bed, I felt something hard; I took from between the leather bed and matress a handkerchief, a soup ladle, two tureen ladles, two salt spoons, and four tea spoons; the whole of the plate and the linen belongs to Mr. Crabtree; I took the prisoner up stairs, I asked her if it was her handkerchief: she said it was, and she put it there, she informed me she found them in the garret; we then went up stairs into a bed room, her box was unlocked; I found there a bunch of keys; these are they keys I found in her box; then I searched her person.
JURY. Have you duplicate keys - A. No; she said these were her own keys; all the linen is Mr. Crabtree's.
Mr. Bolland. Did you search her person - A. Yes, in her pocket I found Mr. Crabtree's key, and a mourning gold ring. I am certain it is Mr. Crabtree's, his mother's name is on it; when I found these spoons the warehouseman and I were in the room with her; I wanted her to tell me where she had put the table spoons: I believe I told her it would be better for her if she did tell.
Q. In consequence of what she told you did you go any where - A. The constable did, he went with her. I afterwards saw half a dozen silver table spoons and a gravy spoon, that was the property of Mr. Crabtree.
Q. to Woodman. In consequence of what this unhappy girl said did you go any where - A. I went to Mr. Cotterill's, in Aldersgate street, a pawnbroker; she went into the shop with me, she asked for two spoons; the pawnbroker produced them. She went with me to Mr. Parker's, Fleet street, there she asked for four table spoons; they shewed us them; I told them I believed the ticket was done away with; she said nothing of the gravy spoon, it was at Mr. Parker's.


                  MARY 
                  HUNT
               



            . Q. You are servant to Mrs. Crabtree - A. Yes. I lived three years there, and when they went out of the house, I went into the country with Mrs. Crabtree.
Q. Look at these things, the linen - A. I have examined them all, I am certain they are my master's and mistress's property.
MR. ANGUS. I live with Mr. Parker in Fleet street. I produce a gravy spoon, and four table spoons. I do not recollect who brought them; I recollect the young woman coming with Woodman, and asking for four table spoons. The four table spoons, and the gravy spoon are all marked as she described with the letter C. They were pledged in the name of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Carpenter
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live at Mr. Cotterill's. On the 6th of June, a pair of table spoons were pledged at our house by a woman, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Carpenter
               



            ; the prisoner came with Woodman, and asked for a pair of table spoons pledged there, with C. upon them. I produce them.


                  Mary 
                  Hunt
               



            . I am certain they are my master's property.
Prisoner's Defence. In an agony of mind, too great to be described, I venture to address your lordship, most numbly entreating your pardon. - Conscious of my inability to speak at this awful moment, I have delivered in this paper, not that I have ought to say as an extenuation of a conduct so faulty as mine has been. Alas! my lord, I am a poor unfortunate girl, whose character never till this sad-business was called in question; I am almost sinking in shame and remorse for the disgrace I have brought, not only on myself, but my poor afflicted parents, who are hard working people. I fear unless your lordship compassionates my unhappy case, I shall be lost for ever. I can assure your lordship that it was done more from youth and inexperience than from depravity of heart. I did not till too late reflect seriously on the consequence of my crime, and though others may forgive me I cannot forgive myself, and the only conduct now in my power is to bear with due resignation the punishment that may await me. I have been unfairly dealt with; for on my confession I was promised a pardon, and that no officer of Justice should be sent for; in simplicity I did so, most candidly, and on my knees I begged forgiveness. I was placed in confinement. - To your consideration and humanity do I submit myself, and should I be so fortunate to regainmy liberty, no temptation, however strong, shall induce me to do wrong.
The prisoner called five witnesses, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19
         




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
