







760. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KENNEDY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BENTLEY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PALMER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Reuben 
                           Barrett
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eight in the night of the 24th of September
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing two yards of patchwork, value 8s. a pair of breeches, value 1s. and a wooden pill-box, containing eight shirt buttons, value 1d. the property of the said Reuben
            .


                  REUBEN 
                  BARRETT
               



             sworn. - I am a labourer
, and a soldier in the East-India Company's service
, and live at No. 1, Thomas-street, Mile-end, Newtown


: on the 24th of September I went out about seven o'clock in the morning, and left nobody in the house but my wife; I did not return till about eleven at night.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BARRETT
               



             sworn. - I am wife to the last witness: I went out about a quarter before seven in the evening, on the 24th of September; I locked the door, and took the key with me; the windows below were all shut down, and the shutters bolted; one of the windows up stairs was fastened down, but the other was not; I returned in about an hour, and found the door locked, but the window up stairs that was not fastened was drawn up as high as it could be pushed, though I had left it down; it is nine feet from the ground; I went in, and found the drawers pulled out, and the things about the room; the box with the buttons had been removed, and put on a board under the window, and a pair of breeches had been removed from off a box to the drawers; I had seen them all before I went out.



                  THOMAS 
                  MITCHELL
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 9, Thomas-street, Whitechapel: On Saturday, the 24th of September, about a quarter before seven, I went out, as I returned, about ten minutes after seven, I saw the prisoner Palmer standing at No. 1, and another man standing opposite; I cast my eye up to the window over the door, and saw a light in the room, which appeared to me to come light and dark; sometimes I saw it, and sometimes I did not; I went to my own door, and then walked back again, and saw the men had changed their position; Palmer was on the opposite side of the way, and Bentley was on Barrett's, not many yards from his house; I saw Mr. Harrison at the Grasshopper door, and told him my suspicions; we went back to the house, and when we came there, Bentley was standing at No. 3, and Palmer right opposite Barrett's window; Harrison knocked at Barrett's door, and Bentley came past me and stood against the garden wall of the public-house; Harrison knocked a second time, and then a man jumped out of Barrett's window which I saw open; I was about four or five yards behind Harrison, and just saw the face of the person as he rose up and run away, and have not the least doubt that Kennedy is the man; it was between light and dark; I just saw his face, and knew him again directly, and pointed him out two days after in custody; as he jumped out, he fell on all fours; Mr. Harrison laid hold of him, but Palmer and Bentley rescued him, and they all ran away together; I ran after them, and secured Palmer, the others run away; I can also swear to Bentley.
- HARRISON sworn. - On the 24th of September I was standing at the public-house door, at about a quarter past seven o'clock; Mitchell and I went up the street to Barrett's house, and I saw Palmer standing opposite to Barrett's, and Bentley at No. 3; I knocked twice at Barrett's door, and a man jumped out at the window; in jumping out, he cried, Halloa! halloa! what is the matter? I said I would let him know, and made a snatch at him, and instantly got him on the ground; Palmer and Bentley then came up, and rescued him from me; I halloaed out stop thief, and they repeated it; Mitchell caught hold of Palmer, and I proceeded after the others, but could not take them; I cannot say who the man was that jumped out, because, as he lay upon the ground, and I had hold of him, they rushed in; I can swear Bentley was the man that was standing there, and helped to rescue the other. (The property produced and identified.)


                  JOHN 
                  KNOWLAND
               



             sworn. - I am an officer, and apprehended Bentley and Kennedy: On the 28th of September, Palmer was brought into custody by Griffiths and Smith; Palmer's girl came to the Office, and Griffiths and I followed her home; I went up one pair of stairs, and found Bentley there; I asked him who lodged up stairs, he said he did not know, it was a strange man; I went up, and found Kennedy there, and took them both to the Office.
Kennedy's defence. I know nothing of it; I was going to bed, and was half undressed when I was taken.
Bentley's defence. I was at supper, and they asked me who lived up stairs; I said I did not know.
Palmer's defence. I had been to my brother's to tea, and was making water on the opposite side of the way; I heard that gentleman sing out, stop him; I crossed over the way, and asked what was the matter, and they took hold of me, and said they thought I was one; I said, if they thought so, I would go any where with them to satisfy them to the contrary.
Kennedy, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 22.
Bentley, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 27.
Palmer, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 24.
Of stealing, but not of the burglary.






               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
