






39. 
               
                  
                     MARK 
                     CONNER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     DIANA 
                     DENCH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of November
, three yards of cotton, value 10s. eleven brass handles, value 2s. a pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 10s. two pair of silver knee-buckles, value 5s. a silk gown, value 20s. two other gowns, value 10s. a gold ring, value 10s. three pair of silk stockings, value 8s. four shirts, value 10s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 2s. three pair of silk breeches, value 7s. three waistcoats, value 6s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Robins
                     



                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
Second Count. Charged them with stealing three yards of cotton, value 10s. a curtain-rod, value 2s. the property of the said John Robins, and the other articles as being the property of 
               
                  David 
                  Stevenson
               



            , Esq.
 in the dwelling-house of John Robins.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINS
               



             sworn. - I am an upholsterer and cabinet-maker, in Warwick-street, Golden-square; 
               
                  Mark 
                  Conner
               



             I employed, but don't know any thing of the woman; she passed for his wife, but she is not; I have been frequently robbed of whole pieces of cotton and other things; the brass handles found at the prisoners I believe to mine; the wearing apparel belongs to Mr. Stevenson, who is in Wales, and his trunks were left in my warehouse till he came to town; they have been unlocked and things taken out to a large amount, both men's and women's; I don't know when they were taken, but Mr. Stevenson had occasion to go to his trunks and missed them.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. How is your warehouse situated? - 
               A. 
            It is all covered in with one roof with the house.
Q. The woman never had access to your house? - 
               A. 
            Not that I know of.
JOHN WARREN sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Marlborough-street; on searching the prisoner's lodgings I found a great many duplicates of various articles, silk breeches, and stockings, indeed all that is in the indictment; I found also a brass curtain-rod in four or five pieces, and three pair of silk breeches and two silk waistcoats; in the prisoner's box I found the duplicate of a piece of cotton, for four shillings, and of a gold ring; the prisoners were both at home.
WILLIAM PETHERICK sworn - I was with the last witness, and found the things as he has described; The woman had the duplicates and wasgoing to destroy them, but I took them from her.(Produces the property).
- WEIR sworn. - I am cabinet foreman to Mr. Robins, and I believe the brass rod and handles to be his property; such handles are not to be bought at any shop. (The cotton identified).
- DERVAN sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, and took in this gown of the woman prisoner in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Conner
               



            ; I have got two shirts also, taken in on the 21st of January of 
               
                  Diana 
                  Conner
               



            , a shirt and pair of stockings, a shirt and apron for four shillings, a pair of silk stockings for four shillings, a silk cloak and handkerchief for half-a-crown, all pawned by her; the cloak I believe to be her's; I have known her three years.


                  JOSEPH 
                  AVERY
               



             sworn. - I live at Mr. Freer's, and produce the rings pawned at his shop by the woman.
Conner's defence. I leave it to my Counsel; at the time these things were lost I was out; I have been out for Mr. Robins six months at a time.
The prisoners called four witnesses, who gave them good characters;


                  Mark 
                  Conner
               



            , GUILTY, aged 45.




               Of stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .


                  Diana 
                  Dench
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
