





426. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ALGER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of June
, privily from the person of 
                     
                        Walter 
                        Burrel
                     




                  , esq
. a pocket book, value 6 d. three promissory notes of the Dorking bank, value 10 l. each, and a bank note, value 5 l. and four bank notes, value 1 l. each, the property of 
                     
                        Walter 
                        Burrel
                     



                  , esq
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  JAMES 
                  CHRISTIE
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. I believe, sir, you are a wine merchant residing in St. James's Market. - A. I am.
Q. On the 17th of June last were you in Bond street


. - A. I was, about four o'clock in the afternoon; I there saw the prisoner at the bar in company with three other persons, I fancied that I had seen two of them before at Bow street; in consequence of my suspicious I watched them, they were close behind Mr. Burrel in Bond street, Mr. Burrel and his two friends were walking together; I observed one the men frequently put his hand into Mr. Burrel's pocket, I did not see him take any thing out, nor am I certain it was the prisoner, to the best of my recollection it was not the prisoner that put his hand into the pocket of Mr. Burrel, but one of them in whose company he was at the corner of Little Brooke street; I asked Mr. Burrel if he had lost any thing, he put his hand into his pocket, he said he had lost his pocket book.
Q. Where were these four men. - A. They were in Little Brooke street leading into Hanover square; we immediately followed them into Little Brooke street, they were conversing together, they separated, and the prisoners turned up King street, Mr. Burrel followed them, I went round by Marlborough street, meaning to go along Argyle street to meet them; I called at the police office to desire an officer to follow me; when I got to Little Argyle street I met Mr. Burrel with the prisoner, holding him by the collar; he was taken into the police office Marlborough street immediately.
Q. Are you quite sure that the prisoner at the bar was one of the four men that you saw together beforeyou saw them do any thing to Mr. Burrel. - A. I am certain, I have not the least doubt but he is the person.


                  WALTER 
                  BURREL
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. I believe you was in Bond street at the time that Mr. Christie has described. - A. I was.
Q. You remember Mr. Christie making application to you, and your feeling in your pocket, and losing your pocket book. - A. Yes; it was a red pocket book, containing three ten pounds Dorking promissory notes, one five pound bank note, and four one pound bank notes, it was in my outside coat pocket.
Court. Is that a place to put bank notes in. - A.(Mr. Knapp) It is not every body that has inside pockets.
Court. I know it is the fashion of the day to hold out temptation.
Mr. Knapp. At the time that Mr. Christie informed you, did you see the four persons. - A. Yes, the prisoner was one of these four persons; when Mr. Christie informed me, I put my hand into my coat pocket, I found my pocket book was gone; he told me they were gone down Little Brooke street, there I saw them, and I perceived one of them shift the pocket book from their right side to the prisoner; the prisoner put it in his coat pocket; we followed the prisoner into Swallow street, Mr. Christie said I will go to Marlborough street office, and get you an officer to seize him.
Q. Did you lose sight of him. - A. I followed them till they got into King street, he got rather the start of me, and ran about thirty or forty yards, I ran after him, and called out Stop him; we ran about two or three hundred yards till we got into Swallow street, I then took him by the collar, I said you have got a pocket book of mine, he said I - me - with evident marks of confusion; I told him I would not let him go without searching him; he then took the pocket book out, and I said that is mine, he gave it me, I said now you must go to Marlborough street; that is the pocket book I had missed at Marlborough street, I examined the pocket book at the office and the notes tallied, I have got them here, I know the pocket book to be mine.
(The notes produced and identified.)




               GUILTY
            , aged 32.
Of stealing, but not privily from the person.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
