






675. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     WARD
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Shackle
                        




                     
                  , no person being therein, about the hour of twelve at noon, of the 8th of August
, and stealing a cloth cloak, value 5s. a pocket-handkerchief, value 2d. a penknife, value 6d. a pair of scissars, value 6d. and a pound of cheese, value 6d.
             the property of the said William.
WILLIAM SHACKLE sworn. - I live in the parish of Northall


: My house was broke open on the 8th of August; I went out as usual to my labour, reaping, very early in the morning; I left my wife at home.
MARY SHACKLE sworn. - On the 8th of August I went out about seven o'clock in the morning, I left nobody in the house, I fastened all the doors and windows; I returned again about the middle ofthe day, between twelve and one, as nigh as I can guess, and I found the lock of the door burst open; I went in, I did not find any body there, but missed a cloth cloak, a penknife, a pair of scissars, some bread and cheese, I suppose about a pound of cheese, and a pocket-handkerchief; I had seen them all in the morning, in the kitchen.
Q. What might that cloth cloak be worth? - A. Five shillings; the other things were not worth much: about two hours after, the prisoners were brought back with the property upon them; the cloth cloak, the handkerchief, and the cheese, were in the man's bag; and in the woman's pocket, was a penknife, and a pair of scissars; I did not know any thing of them before.


                  JOHN 
                  WEBB
               



             sworn. - I live within about two hundred yards of Shackle: I knew nothing of this till I was alarmed; I saw the two prisoners, and a boy, pass my house towards Shackle's house, the man was first, the woman followed the man, and the boy afterwards, that was about twelve o'clock on the day of the robbery; the boy had a little bit of a black brush, and a shovel, and a cloth round him, in the description of a chimney-sweeper; some time after that, I heard an alarm, in consequence of which, I went up to the garden of Shackle's house, and from the information I received, I saddled my horse, and went after the prisoners, and in about four or five miles I overtook them; I asked the man what he had got in his bag; he said, what is that to you; and the woman said, directly, what business have you with us; I desired to see the contents of the bag, and he did not seem to be willing I should; I then jumped off my horse, and he opened his bag, and turned out the things; the first thing I saw was a cloth cloak, the next was a silk handkerchief, and two pieces of cheese; the man was putting the things into the bag, when the woman said, give me my cloak and my handkerchief; I told him to put all the things in; she said, she would not go with her breasts open, for it being a hot day, her breasts were quite open; I told her, as she had gone so all day for her own pleasure, she should go so now for mine; the man then went down on his knees, and said, as that was his first offence, he hoped I would let him go; I told him I could not do that.
Q. Did you make use of any promises, or threats, to him? - A. No, I did not; we could not find the boy, we brought them back to Shackle's; when we got into the village, I said to the man, were you ever in this place before; he said, yes; we went a little further, now, says I, shew me the house; he said, that house down the lane, the furthermost house of the two; then I gave them into the constable's possession, and the bag was opened at Shackle's house, and his wife owned the things; they were taken to the Justice's, and committed; the scissars and the penknife the woman pulled out of her pocket before the Justice, she pulled them out herself. (Produces the property).
Mrs. Shackle. This is my cloak, I know it by a mark upon it; and I know the other things, but there are no marks upon them.
Smith's defence. I was never near the house.
Ward's defence. The scissars and the penknife were given to me by the boy; I am innocent of it.
Smith, GUILTY. (Aged 28.)
Ward, GUILTY. (Aged 21.)
Of 


               Stealing to the value of 4s. 10d.
            






               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LE BLANC.
