






887. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of October
, 4 pair of shoes, value 2 l. and one boot value 18 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Kirkland
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  KIRKLAND
               



            . I am a shoemaker
, I live in New-Street, Covent garden


. On the 13th of October, about 8 o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to be measured for a pair of shoes; he said he came from Mr. Patterson's, at the corner of St. Martin's Lane, that he wished to look at some shoes, and I had better send him some strong ones, and some light ones, then he could take his choice; I looked out four pair and sent the boy along with him. In about five minutes, he returned and said two pair of the shoes fitted, and Mr. Patterson wished to look at a pair of boots; I gave him one boot and told him if that fitted Mr. Patterson he should have the other in a few minutes; he went away, and I saw no more of him till I saw him in the watch-house; this was on the Friday. On the Saturday week following he was taken to the watch-house on some other business. I am sure he is the man, he sent to me that he would pay me for the value of what I lost if I would not prosecute him.


                  JAMES 
                  MYERS
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Kirkland; my master sent me out with 4 pair of shoes, I was to take them to Mr. Patterson's, and just as I got out of the door the prisoner said he would give me two or three halfpence, he told me he was to go to Mr. Patterson's private house, then he told me to stop, that he must go back for some boots; he went back; I had the shoes then, he returned, and we went on to Bedford Street; he told me to leave the shoes with him and go back for a bill, I did so, and when I came back I never found him. I am sure the prisoner is the man.
Prisoner's Defence. I am not the person.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
