





763. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CHRISTIE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of October
, three men's Duffield great-coats, value 3l. two other great-coats, value 25s. five children's great coats, value 20s. three pair of leather breeches, value 40s. two pair of pantaloons, value 30s. two pair of nankeen breeches, value 6s. a pair of velveteen breeches, value 10s. four waistcoats, value 17s. four shirts, value 10s. and six pair of trowsers, value 17s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Chambers
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  DANIELS
               



             sworn. - Mr. Knapp. Q. Are you servant to Mr. Chambers? - A. Yes.
Q.Was the prisoner his warehouseman
? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember, on the 19th of September seeing him go out of your master's house, and tell us what you know? - A. Yes; between seven and eight, and took a bundle out under his arm, which I informed Mr. Chambers of.


                  RICHARD 
                  BENTLEY
               



             sworn. - I am constable of the parish of St. Giles: On Wednesday, the 19th of October, I went to the house of one Foss, the Black Horse, in Queen-street, Seven Dials, with Mr. Chambers, about nine o'clock; Foss pointed to a place, which I opened, and took a bundle out; it was a cupboard under the staircase in the tap-room; I opened the bundle, and it contained three Duffield great-coats, with shop marks on them; Mr. Chambers claimed them.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before? - A. Yes, I have seen him many times, as I used the house; I had seen him that morning, about an hour before, in the tap-room, with a bundle under his arm, which he left in the house; he had something to drink, and as he went out of the back door, he said to the landlord, put it up; I apprehended the prisoner soon after, who immediately said, Lord have mercy upon me! have mercy on me! I had only told him he was my prisoner; I then took him to the Black Horse, and shewed him the bundle; he said it was his first offence, and hoped his master would forgive him.
Mr. Alley. Q. Did he not mean, put the reckoning up to him as a score, and not the bundle? - A. I don't know; for my part, I thought he meant, put the bundle up; he went out at the door in a great hurry.


                  RICHARD 
                  LOVATT
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Marlborough-street: I was sent for and went to Islington to search the prisoner's lodgings; no body was at home; I went to the prisoner in the watch-house, and he gave me the keys of his boxes; I went next morning, and found his wife and mother-in-law; I opened one box, and found it full of clothes of different descriptions, and the other full of wearing-apparel, with shop marks on them. (The property produced, and identified by Mr. Chambers)
Prisoner. I leave my defence to my counsel.




               GUILTY
            , aged 26.
Of stealing to the value of 39s.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
