





485. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PAYNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of May
, 10th weight of raw sugar, value 5s. and 14lb. weight of soap, value 7s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Sills
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Sills
                  



               
            , and John-Winter Pigeon.(The case was opened by Mr. Gurney.)


                  EBENEZER 
                  SHOREY
               



             sworn. - I am employed in the East-India Company's warehouse, which overlooks the Hambro' wharf: On Wednesday, the 5th of May, I saw the prisoner, between seven and eight in the morning, take some sugar out of a kind of butter-firkin, put it in a paper, and tie it up in a handkerchief; he put the head of the small cask on, and went away; in a little time he came back, opened the cask again, took some more out, tied it up, put the head of the cask in, and went away; I acquainted Mr. Sills with it, and the prisoner was detained.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. How far were you from him? - A. It was three stories high.
Q. You could see the sort of sugar? - A. Yes, it was moist sugar.
Q. How many people were on the wharf? - A. Nobody but the prisoner that I saw.
Q. The quantity of sugar you don't know? - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  STUBBING
               



             sworn. - I was with Shorey, and saw the prisoner take the sugar, as he has stated.
JOHN-
               
                  WINTER 
                  PIGEON
               



             sworn. - My partners, 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Sills
               



            , 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Sills
               



            , and myself, are proprietors of the Hambro' wharf: The prisoner had been our porter about two months; upon the information given us, we examined the cask, and there was a deficiency, but I cannot speak to the exact quantity; we searched the prisoner's lodgings, and found 10lb. of sugar in a pan, and 14lb. of soap; I compared the sugar with that in the cask, and it corresponded exactly; and I found that half a cwt. of soap was missing; I compared the soap, and it corresponded with that in the warehouse; the prisoner said he bought them, but could not tell where.(The article produced.)
Mr. Knapp. Q. Neither the sugar or soap you can swear to? - A. Not positively; but, to the best of my belief, it is mine.

Q. 
            Sugar of the same quality is to be found in every grocer's shop in London? - A. Certainly.
Q. There are losses in all casks of sugar, I believe? - A. Yes, occasional losses too many, I am sorry to say.
Q. You speak to the soap by comparison? - A. Yes.
Q. Damaged soap is no uncommon thing? - A. No.
Prisoner. I leave my defence to my counsel.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 29.




               Of stealing the sugar, value 5s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
