





508. 
               
                  
                     DONALD 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2nd of July
, privily from the person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Brockinshaw
                        




                     
                  , a purse, value 1 d. a half guinea, seven bank notes, value 1 l. each, and a bank note value 2 l his property
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BROCKINSHAW
               



            . Q. What are you - A. I am a pensioner
; I have been home from the West Indies a month; I was going to Newcastle.
Q. Had you any occasion to get change for a ten pound note - A. Yes, I got it changed at Mrs. Rolls at the Coach and Horses, Chelsea, on the first day of this month about eleven o'clock she gave me seven one pound notes, a two pound note, half a guinea, a seven shilling piece and half a crown. The landlord and his wife were present at the time, Robinson was in the tap room, I received it in the kitchen. Robinson saw the notes when I was wrapping them up; he came with me to Charing Cross


 to carry my pack, and see me on the coach at the Anchor and Vine.
Q. Did the coach go from that house - A. No, he offered to carry it, and I was thankful, I was weak and poorly, I was not able myself; after I received my money he offered to carry it for me. We got to the Anchor and Vine a little before twelve o'clock, I called for a pot of beer and a slice of bread and cheese, I was not able to make use of it myself, I was very bad; I took a seven shilling piece out of my pocket and paid for the beer and bread and cheese. I wrapped up the notes and the money and put it in my left hand pocket; I fastened my pocket.
Q. Where was the prisoner at that time - A. He was on one side of the box and I of the other, there was nobody in the box besides us; I ask'd him about the coach; he said he would get one presently; I clapped my hand to my head, I fell in a bit of a dose, I had no rest for three nights; he came and sat of the left hand side of me where the money was; when I awoke I found the flap of my coat pocket turned down and the money all gone.
Q. How long do you think you might be in that dozing situation - A. Not long, because I have a bad complaint in my inside.
Q. Did you feel any body at your pocket - A. Yes; I felt something, but I did not think any thing of that kind; I kept my doze on for a small time afterwards, and then I found the prisoner was gone and nine pound in notes and half a guinea in gold was gone; I returned back to Chelsea; he was not there; he was missing from his quarters all night; I waited there till Sunday morning; he came home about nine or ten 'o'clock in the morning; I took hold of him; I enquired for my money; he said he knew nothing about it; the serjeant major put him under confinement; he confessed afterwards that he stole three pounds from me; I heard him say it, and he confessed before the magistrate, the next day, that he had three pound from me.
Q. You got none of the money back again - A. No; I am upon sufferance now; I have only what the landlord supplies me with.
- Q. What age are you - A. Fifteen; I am servant at the Anchor and Vine, Charing Cross.
Q. Have you ever seen the person that was examined just now - A. I only saw him once when he was along with the prisoner; the prisoner and prosecutor came together; I know the prisoner very well; when they came in the prosecutor called for a pot of beer, which I brought in; they both sat down in one box opposite of one another; then the prosecutor called for a slice of bread and cheese; the prisoner said bring two; then the prosecutor fell asleep; after the pot of beer was out the prisoner called for a pint, and when Robinson found the prosecutor had fell asleep, he went and sat on his left hand side.
Q. Before the prisoner had changed sides had any change been given to the prosecutor - A. Yes; he changed a seven shilling piece; as soon as he came in the prosecutor dropped half a guinea; when he took out the seven shilling piece I picked it up and gave it him, he put it into something like a bit of a rag, and put into his left hand breeches pocket.
Q. Did the prisoner see all this - A. Yes; the prisoner continued to sit of the opposite side of Brockinshaw till he saw he was asleep, then he went to the left hand side of his pocket.
Q. Did you see him do any thing with Brockinshaw's pocket - A. No; I only saw him move and sit by it; he sat there about a quarter of an hour and then he moved again.
Q. When he moved to his own side was Brockinshaw awake - A. No; the prisoner sat about ten minutes and then he said to me, you see this man on the coach; I said to him you are the fittest person, as you brought him in; the prisoner and a woman went out together; the prosecutor when he awoke went below and said to the servant maid that rascal has stolen my money.
Prisoner's Defence. That woman that I went out with sat with the man before I did.
Witness. No, she did not come in till you was just going out.


                  JAMES 
                  RAVENSCROFT
               



            . About three o'clock this day fortnight I went into the Cock; the prisoner was there, he knew me, he asked me to have a glass of liquor; I did, I sat in the house, he paid several pots of ale; he said he had a uncle that died in the Indies, he had lefthim a large fortune; I saw two one pound notes and about fourteen or sixteen shillings in his possession; he said when that was done he knew were to get more, he had got an order to draw upon a gentleman in London whenever he wanted; I asked him to lend me half a crown, he did.
MR. ROLLS. I keep the Coach and Horses, Chelsea; the prisoner and the prosecutor lodged in my house, they both slept in one bed, the prisoner was quartered on me. On the 1st of this month Brockinshaw took his pension, he brought it to my wife and laid it in her hands; on Saturday he said he would go away; he had nothing more to take at Chelsea; he got change for the ten pound note, seven one pound notes, a two pound note, half a guinea, a seven shilling piece and half a crown; he got the change, he put it in a ragged purse; the prisoner was not present when he did that; I saw him go out of the kitchen into the tap room; the prisoner and he went out of the house together, the prisoner carried his pack; about two hours and a half afterwards he came back, and said the prisoner had robbed him; the prisoner never came to his quarters that night; on the Sunday when he came in Brockinshaw accused him of robbing him; the prisoner was going to strike him; we sent to the serjeant major of York hospital, and he was confined.
Prisoner's Defence. I never had any of his money; this woman that was in the house robbed him, she gave me part of the money; I went from there to Westminster with the woman; the money that she gave me I spent; they searched me, I had no money about me; after that the serjeant major confined me; he asked me whether I had any of his money; I said I had none of his money, but that money I had given to me; he throwed his money about in the public house, the boy picked it up. I have fought for my King and country abroad; I was taken prisoner; I have gone through a great deal of harships, although I am a young man.
GUILTY, aged 24.




               Of stealing, but not privily from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Chambre.
