





358. 
               
                  
                     HONORIA 
                     HATTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of March
, two table-cloths, value 2l. 10s. and two silk gowns, value 20s. the property of the Hon.


                           John 
                           Stratford
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house.
            

(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  GORDON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a pawnbroker, No. 1, Sherrard-street, Golden-square, I know the prisoner perfectly well; on the 1st of March, I took in from the prisoner at the bar, two table-cloths and two silk gowns, for three pounds ten shillings; I am sure she is the person, she had been frequently at our shop before. (Produces the property.)
Mr. Knapp. Q. Was she not frequently in the habit of redeeming things? - A. Yes.
THE HON. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  STRATFORD
               



             sworn. -The prisoner was my maid and house-keeper.
Q. Your husband is the Hon. 
               
                  John 
                  Stratford
               



            ? - A. Yes; she had been five months in my service; I missed a great number of things, and at the latter end of April, in consequence of some suspicions that I entertained, the prisoner was apprehended.
Q. Look at these things produced by Mr. Gordon? - A. Here are two silk gowns, they are my property which I have lost; these two table-cloths are mine; they are the same pattern with many that I have lost, but they have no mark upon them; the gowns were made for me, I wore them some time.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Upon the tablecloth you have no mark? - A. No.
Q. As she had a controul over your property, she might have taken one gown at one time, and the other at another? - A. She might.
The prisoner did not say any thing in her defence.
Mrs. Stratford. I have known the prisoner some years; I have trusted her with large sums of money, and always had a very good opinion of her.
GUILTY.




               Of stealing goods, value 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
