





566. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CONNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of October
, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        George 
                        Jeremy
                     




                  ; twenty-eight yards of printed callico, value 2 l. 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        George 
                        Jeremy
                     



                  , and that he afterwards burglariously did break out of the said dwelling house, about the hour of seven at night, on the same day
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  JEREMY
               



             sworn. I am a linen draper
 in Southampton-street, Covent Garden


; the prisoner at the bar was my porter
. On the 7th of October, about seven in the evening, the property was taken from my house; I had seen it about twenty minutes or a quarter of an hour before that at the further end of the counter, that comes into the passage of a night, in a place where we keep brooms and such things. I suspected some person in the house had thrown it there for the purpose of conveying it away. I went out and pulled the street door too, leaving my nephew, my shopman, and my porter, in the house; when I went out I waited about a quarter of an hour in sight of the door, at about thirty yards distance.
Q. You went to such a distance that you could see any body coming out. - A. The way I could see was by the opening of the door; when I saw the door open, I drew nearer. I saw him coming out, I saw it was the porter.
Q. How far off were you then. - A. From ten to fifteen yards, I walked up to him, I asked him what he had got there, he said nothing; I then requested that he would go back with me to see what the bundle contained.
Q. You saw a bundle then. - A. Oh, yes, when I came up I could see him as well as at broad day. I saw a bundle, he went back with me as far as the door, and when I was in the act of ringing the bell he disentangled himself by twisting my arm, and gave me a blow across my breast; in the act of escaping his arm came across my chest, he then ran down Southampton-street towards the Strand; I pursued him and cried out stop thief, he was stopped in the Strand.
Q. You came up to him. - A. Yes; he had not the bundle with him when he was taken.
Q. Where did you afterwards see the bundle. - A. I saw the bundle in my nephew's possession at the bottom of Southampton-street not a minute after. It contained a piece of our furniture cotton, about twenty-eight yards, it was worth two guineas to me.


                  THOMAS 
                  JEREMY
               



             sworn. On the 7th of October, about seven o'clock in the evening, I heard the cry of Stop thief. I ran to the door and ran down the street; finding the prisoner was secured in the Strand, I ran back to find the bundle. It was delivered into my hands by a young woman in Southampton-street, it was tied up in a handkerchief, this is the handkerchief, it contains the property.
Q.(to prosecutor) Is that handkerchief yours. - A. It is a silk handkerchief, it is not mine, it was the covering that was on the bundle when I saw it under the man's arm. I saw the handkerchief by the light of a false hair shop.
Q. And the contents is yours. - A. I can safely say it is the cotton I saw in the place under the counter; I know it is mine.


                  ROBERT 
                  SHERY
               



             sworn. Q. Were you passing in Southampton-street about seven o'clock. - A. Yes, as I got into the Strand I heard the cry of Stop thief; he ran past me.
Q. Do you know the person of the prisoner at the bar. - A. Yes; he had something under his arm like a bundle; as he ran he fell down, and when he got up I did not perceive any bundle under his arm. I followed the prisoner and took him immediately. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Jeremy
               



             shewed me the bundle afterwards.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 25.

Of 


               stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings, and not burglariously breaking out of the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
