





131. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ELLIOTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of February
, two yards of Swansdown, value 12 s. a pair of pantaloons, value 10 s. a pair of breeches, value 20 s. and three nankeen gaiters, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Morley
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Garbinatty
                     



.
Second Count. For like offence, only charging it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Morley
                  



               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  MORLEY
               



             sworn. - I am a tailor
, my brother took a shop
 of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Garbinatty
               



            , I was left in care of it, I was answerable to my brother for the property in the shop, I saw the property in the shop about five minutes before it was taken out.
Q. What time in the evening? - A. About six o'clock, on the 2d of February.
Q. Whereabouts is Mr. Garbinatty's house? - A. No. 202, High Holborn


; the property was taken from the window inside of the shop, they were hanging up by way of shew, part of them at the bottom of the window, and part of them on the railing; I saw the prisoner attempt to take the goods out of the window; I had been robbed before on Christmas-eve, and on the 1st of February, but by whom I do not know. On the 2d of February, a gentleman came in to tell me to take care of the window; I told him I was watching; the prisoner stood on the threshold of the door, and put his hand into the window, and got hold of the goods, but when the gentleman came in, he went away; I then went out, and crossed the way; I was upon the watch, and in ten minutes he returned, and took the things out of the window; I ran over and laid hold of him, and found the goods upon him.


                  THOMAS 
                  BENNETT
               



             sworn. - I am a callenderer, I produce the property, I took them from the prisoner, I kept them till the constable came, and then I delivered them to him; he is obliged to attend at Bow-street to-day, so he gave them to me.
(The property identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I am innocent of the charge; I never had them in my possession.
GUILTY, aged 20,




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
