





477. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of April
, 17lb. of sugar, value 14s. 7d.
             the property of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Murrils
               




            .


                  EDWARD 
                  MURRILS
               



             sworn. - I live at Highgate: On the 27th of April I had been to London, between four and five o'clock, and when I came up to the pitch of the hill, going home, I met the prisoner with a sugar-loaf upon his shoulder; he had the little end in his right-hand; I did not then know it was mine; I am sure the prisoner is the same man; when I got to my own door, my wife told me all the money was gone out of the till, and a sugar-loaf was gone; I went after the prisoner, and he was stopped by 
               
                  Robert 
                  Coulson
               



            .


                  ROBERT 
                  COULSON
               



             sworn. - I was standing at the corner of Maiden-lane, I saw Mr. Murrils running down Highgate; he described to me the person he was looking for; I went one way, and he the other; I went down Maiden-lane, and saw three young men a-breast, going up the next field; the prisoner had the sugar-loaf on his shoulder; William Dymock was in the lane on horseback, and I desired him to ride forward, which he did; when I came up they were inside the field, and I was in the lane; two of them had got over a stile, and the prisoner came from behind a bush; I went on a little further, and got over a gate; as soon as they saw me get over the gate, they all three ran away; they took different ways; I followed the prisoner two miles and a quarter, or two miles and a half; I never lost sight of him; when I was within one hundred yards of him, he dropped down in a ditch, and I took him; he had left the sugar behind the bush; I am sure the prisoner is the man that had the sugar.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DYMOCK
               



             sworn. - On Wednesday the 27th of April, I saw the prisoner and two others in a field; Mr. Murrils told me he had lost his property, and I rode after them; I got off my horse, and went over the gate within a few yards of the prisoner, and then they all ran away; I did not see the sugar upon him; I took the loaf of sugar out of the bush.(James Hancock, an officer, produced the sugar, which was identified by the prosecutor.)
ANDREW-
               
                  JAMES 
                  CUMMING
               



             sworn. - Mr. Murrils bought a loaf of sugar at our house, but whether this is the loaf of sugar or not, I don't know.
Murrils. Here is the bill of it.
Cumming. It corresponds with the book.
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that Dymock was a man of bad character, and refused to attend at the Office, on account of his being known there.
Q.(To Dymock.) Did you refuse to attend at the Office? - A. Yes, because I was very busy that day.
Q. Were you ever at the Office before? - A. No.
Hancock. I don't know Dymock; I do not believe he is known at the Office.
Murrils. I have known him twelve years; he likes a drop of beer; I don't know any thing else against him. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
