





176. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of January
, two silver watches, value 6 l. a gilt medal, value 2 s. a gold seal, value 10 s. a gold key, value 10 s. and a metal chain, value 10 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Eustace
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  EUSTACE
               



            . I live in Old street


, I am a publican
; the prisoner at the bar lodged in my house five weeks; he left my house on the 4th of January at three o'clock in the afternoon, he told me he was going as far as Hackney; he never came to my house afterwards.
Q. How long was it before you saw him again. - A. On the 17th of January.
Q. When did you miss any property. - A. On the day he went, about three quarters of an hour afterwards, I missed two watches and a medal, they were in a looking glass case drawer in my bed room. At the time when the prisoner went out I was at my dinner, he borrowed eighteen pence of me, he said he was going to see some friends. I went up stairs to put on my great coat, and I went to the drawer to get my watch to put in my pocket; I missed it then, it was gone; I saw it in the drawer at eight o'clock in the morning.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SIKES
               



            . I live at Brentford, I am a victualler. The prisoner came to my house on the 10th of January, between five and six o'clock at night; he was in my tap room offering a watch to sell, I bought it of him, I gave him two guineas for it; I gave the watch to the constable on the 17th of January.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  POTTER
               



            . I live at Brentford. About two months ago the prisoner come to my house, and asked for a lodging; he lodged at my house one night, he took a watch out of his pocket, and said he had broke the glass, he asked me to hang it up till the morning; I hung it up. He went away without asking for the watch. I gave the watch to the constable.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner was the man. - A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  MERCHANT
               



            . I am a constable, I apprehended the prisoner on the 16th of January at the Waterman's Arms, Isleworth. I sent a letter to Mr. 
               Eustace
             that night, he came down the next day. We found the medal in the prisoner's stocking; he owned to where the watches were. They were delivered to me by Potter and Sikes.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. He told me that if I would tell him where the property was, he would pay the expences, and freely forgive me, and let me go about my business.
GUILTY, aged 31.
Of 


               stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
