






714. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHEATLEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  WILLIAM GODDARD 
                  COLLS
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of August
, thirty quart bottles filled with wine, value 4 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     Johnstone
                  




               
            .
(The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.)


                  ANDREW 
                  JOHNSTONE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are a wine and brandy-merchant
? - A. I am.
Q. In the month of August last did you carry on business in one place or two places? - A Two, one in East-Smithfield, and the other, No. 46, Rathbone-place; the prisoner at the bar, Colls, was my clerk
 at Rathbone-place, and Wheatley was my porter
 in East-Smithfield.
Q. Where do you keep the principal part of your stock? - A. In East-Smithfield, we have also cellars on Tower-hill.
Q. By what means do you supply the demands of Rathbone place? - A. Sometimes by cart-loads, sometimes by truck-loads, and sometimes by men carrying them.
Q. Was the prisoner, Wheatley, a person employed by you to convey the supply of the stock at Rathbone-place? - A. He was.
Q. On the 10th of August last, in consequence of any communication from Colls, did you directWheatley to take any sherry to Rathbone-place? - A. I did, two dozen and a half; I 
               drew
             a requisite note for it to the Excise officer for a permit, (this is a copy of it, I sent Wheatley for the permit on the 10th, I drew it in the afternoon; he went from me, and returned from the Permit-office, and said he could not have it in less than an hour and a half, and by that time it would be too late to go with it. In consequence of that I suffered him to take it without a permit, he having stated to me that there was no risk; he went with it about three o'clock in the afternoon; I believe I did not see him again till Monday morning; he then stated to me, that nearly opposite of St. Giles's church an officer came up to him, and asked him what he had got in that basket; he said he equivocated very much to him, he did not like to tell him; the officer laid hold of it in a very rough manner, and insisted upon seeing what he had in the basket, and on the officer feeling the bottles, he said it was wine, and the officer said he had caught him now, he had been long looking out for him; he was surrounded by a crowd; the officer asked him from whence he came, and who was his employer; he said that he lived in Watling-street, and that the officer carried it off in a hackney-coach.
Q. You made no discovery upon this subject, none in question, until the other witness, Gordon, gave you some information? - A. I did not.
Q. When was it that Gordon gave you some information? - A. In the month of September he came once and gave me some information.
Q. Had Gordon lived in your service several months? - A. Near twelve months, I believe.
Q. When did he quit your service? - A. Some time in the early part of last June.
Q. I believe you had not turned him away? - A. No, he discharged himself.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. All the information you obtained on the subject was through the medium of that witness, Gordon? - A. Certainly; since that discovery I have made other discoveries.
Q. The first discovery was through the medium of Gordon? - A. It was.
Q. And that was not till six weeks after the wine was taken? - A. It might be six weeks.
Q. You said that Gordon had been in your service, the man who is to be an evidence? - A. Yes.
Q. He had been discharged? - A. He discharged himself, I did not discharge him.
Q. He had been put on board a tender? - A. I have heard so, two days before he arrived in London.
Q. Upon your oath is not Gordon as bad a man as any in London? - A. If I had not had a good character with him, I would not have took him; I believe he has turned out very bad, from what I have learned of the prisoners.
Q. You have no right to remove wine, above two dozen, without a permit? - A. We may if we please, but an officer may take it if he pleases.
Mr. Gurney. Q. If you apply to the Excise, they will release you? - A. They will, if we state the cause.


                  JOHN 
                  GORDON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. I understand, prior to the month of June last, you lived with Mr. Johnstone? - A. Yes, near a twelvemonth.
Q. You quitted his service in June? - A. On the 8th of June.
Q. During the time you were in his service, were you acquainted with the prisoners at the bar? - A. Yes, I was intimate with them.
Q. How soon after the 8th of June was it that you were pressed? - A. I was pressed on the 14th of June, and released on the 29th of July.
Q. After your release, did you renew your acquaintance with the two prisoners? - A. Yes.
Q. I believe you had reason to think that you owed your release to one of them? - A. Yes.
Q. Where did you lodge in the month of August? - A. No. 11, Compton-street, Soho.
Q. On the 9th or 10th of August did you see the prisoner Colls? - A. I saw him on the 9th, I believe; I saw him the day before the wine came, and the day it did come. On the day before the wine came, he got me and 
               
                  John 
                  Wheatley
               



             together at No. 46, Rathbone-place; we were standing with Colls at his desk, in Mr. Johnstone's premises; he said all that he wanted was to rum Mr. Johnstone, and to get the business into his own hands; he told Wheatley he should have a better place then. Colls was to send for some wine in East-Smithfield, and Wheatley was to bring it to my lodgings, and to say it was seized by an officer.
Court. Q. What is Colls's situation? - A. A clerk and manager of the business in Rathbone-place.
Mr. Gurney. Q. Did you see him again on the 10th? - A. Yes; I saw him after Wheatley brought the wine down to me.
Q. The day after the conversation did Wheatley bring any wine to you? - A. Yes, two dozen and a half of sherry wine, between five and six o'clock; after Wheatley had brought it, he went to Colls to tell him that he had left it, and then returned with Colls that evening; we all supped together off beefsteaks; we opened the hamper of wine; we took two or three bottles out, and drank the wine that was in them; the remainder of the bottles were left by the desire of Mr. Colls, until he could get an order to send it out; the wine was left till I saw Mr. Colls the day afterwards; I asked him what I could do with it; he had left Mr. Johnstone then; he told me I might do what I liked with it; I sent it to No. 22, Chapel-street; I sold ten bottles of it afterwards.

Q. You said nothing of this till the end of September? - A. No, thereabouts.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Colls told you that he had left Mr. Johnstone, and that you might take the wine to Mr. Johnstone? - A. No, I might do as I pleased with it.
Q. You kept this for six weeks, did not you? - A. No.
Q. Who did you tell of it before that time? - A. I did not tell any body of it till I told Mr. Johnstone, I found that Mr. Colls was a bad man, and had led me into an error.
Q. How long was it after you had the wine, that you communicated it to Mr. Johnstone? - A. It may be better than a month afterwards.
Q. Were you taken up? - A. No.
Q. Never? - A. Yes, by my wife's desire.
Q. Your good wife desired you might be taken up, she went and gave information against you that you were concerned in the robbery? - A. No, she went and swore that I turned her out of doors.
Q. When were you charged with this robbery? - A. Never at all.
Q. When were you examined upon it? - A. I was examined at Lambeth-street, after I had told Mr. Johnstone.
Q. Did you never think of telling any body till your wife got you into custody? - A. Yes, I told it to Mr. Johnstone three days before I was in custody, about a month after I had it in my lodgings.
Q. Now let me know what belongs to your character, as you say Mr. Colls is a bad man, have you ever been in custody? - A. Yes.
Q. Where? - A. Here, through such a person as Mr. Colls.
Q. Were you tried? - A. Yes, and you defended me.
Q. I am very glad you recollect me? - A. And you acquitted me. I was honourably acquitted.
Q. What was the charge that you were in custody here? - A. For robbing of my master, and I can prove that that very person was turned out of the house for accusing me. I had not robbed him.
Q. And so the Jury said; you have not been in no other custody whatever? - A. No.
Q. Were you discharged from Mr. Johnstone's service? - A. I was not, I discharged myself for only what Mr. Colls should say Mr. Johnstone said about me; I was out of place a week then.
Q. Where did you go to when you had been out of place for a week, had you been to sea? - A. Yes.
Q. You got pressed? - A. Yes.
Q. And got discharged through one of the prisoner's that made interest for you? - A. He pretended so, instead of that he tried to keep me there; he told me that Mr. Johnstone got me there, but Mr. Johnstone was innocent of it, and through that I told all. Mr. Colls told me this after I was discharged.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are a constable of Lambeth-street Office? - I am. I apprehended the prisoner Wheatley, on Tuesday the 1st of October, at No. 10, Rose-alley, Bishopsgate-street; after he had been in custody, I had some conversation with him about these thirty bottles of wine; I asked him whether he had carried any wine that had been stopped by an excise officer, he said, he was sent to 
               
                  William 
                  Goddard Colls
               



             with thirty bottles of wine from the parish of St. Catharine's to Rathbone-place; he said, that Colls had desired him, and Gordon at different times to join with him to waste Mr. Johnstone's wine, and if he would assist him in that business, he Colls should have the business for himself, and he should have a much better place than he had with Mr. Johnstone; I then asked him how long he had lived with Mr. Johnstone, and what sort of a master he was to him, he said, that he had lived with him about three years, he told me he carried the wine to No. 11, Compton-street, St. Giles's, he went to Colls, and Colls returned with him to No. 11, Compton-street, at Gordon's, where they had some beef-steaks, and they drank between two and three bottles of the wine between them. I took him along with me in search of Colls, but the place he took us to, we could not find any such man. Coming along Bethnal-green, he saw Colls's wife; I went to Colls's house a little after six o'clock, and I apprehended Colls a little after eight o'clock, near the house called the Birdcage, Bethnal-green; I asked Colls several questions, he made no confession whatever.
Q. Did you tell him why you apprehended him? - A. I did; he seemed to say that Mr. Johnstone was a very bad kind of a man, that he had no share of the wine, nor in taking it away.


                  ROBERT 
                  HYSLOP
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are likewise an officer of Lambeth-street Office? - A. I am; I was present at the apprehension of Wheatley.
Q. Did you hear Wheatley say any thing respecting the thirty bottles of wine? - A. I heard him say that he was sent to Rathbone-place with thirty bottles of sherry wine, and that he had it detained near St. Giles's church, but he took it to No. 11, in Compton-street, and in the evening he went and partook of some of it, and beef-steaks, along with Colls and Gordon; I was not present at the apprehension of Colls.
Colls's defence. My prosecutor was in the habit of sending wine out several times without a permit; I wrote to him on the consequence of it, and told him that the officers were looking out; still he continued in doing it. As to that two dozen and a half, I had nothing to do with it, nor did I see any thing of it, only on going to Gordon's in the evening, as Gordon wished me to go there, I went and had some beef-steaks, in consequence of whichhe asked us to drink a glass of wine; I took two, and departed from them, I did not then know whose wine it was; the prisoner, Wheatley, owned to me that he brought the wine in the morning from his master, and he should have brought it to me; he said he was stopped in St. Giles's by this Gordon, who took the wine from him.
Court. Q. You were not there, how do you know this? - A. By his own evidence; he came back and informed me it was seized by an officer; I knew nothing to the contrary at that moment; I wrote to my employer to inform him as such; Mr. Johnstone gave me no answer on the subject.
Q. When did Wheatley tell you he was stopped in St. Giles's by Gordon? - A. The very day, the 10th of August.
Q. I understood you that Wheatley was stopped in St. Giles's, and that Gordon took the wine from him - Wheatley came and informed you that it was stopped, and you wrote to Mr. Johnstone to inform him what Wheatley told you? - A. Yes.
Q. Had Wheatley told you before you wrote to Mr. Johnstone that he was stopped by Gordon? - A. No, before I wrote to Mr. Johnstone, he said, by an officer, he explained afterwards that he was stopped by Gordon, he had not explained it at the time I wrote to Mr. Johnstone to inform him that the wine was seized by an officer; I had no answer from Mr. Johnstone, and the matter was dropped.
Wheatley's defence. I used oftentimes to go up there with wine without a permit, upon which my master said, if I was stopped by any person to let the wine go, if I had no permit, and not to say where I came from; and one time in particular, I was followed by an officer from the Obelisk, St. George's-fields, to about three miles the other side of Clapham, and after wearing the officer out as the wine was only going just at the back of the Elephant and Castle, I returned and brought the wine back safe to the place where I was to take it to; and this wine the witness 
               
                  John 
                  Gordon
               



             met me in St. Giles's, and asked me if I had any permit with the wine, I told him no, he then seized it from me, and took it to his own place where he lived; afterwards he sold this wine, and put the money in his pocket.
Court. Q. How do you know that? - A. By his own words.
Q. He told you so? - A. Yes.
Wheatley called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Wheatley, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 27.





               Confined twelve months in the House of Correction
            , and 



               fined 1 s.
            

Colls, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
