





582. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  ANDERSON
               




             was indicted for 


               making an assault in the King's highway, upon 
                     
                        Jacob 
                        Lecore
                     




                  , on the 12th of June
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person a silver watch, value 20s.
             the property of the said Jacob.
JACOB LECORE sworn. - I live in Skinner-street, Bishopsgate-street; I work in a hat warehouse
: On the 12th of June, about half after ten at night, I was coming along with my wife near Brick-lane


; the prisoner came up against me, and took the watch out of my pocket; there were nine or ten of them together.
Q. He did not use any violence, or hold you? - A. No, he only pushed against me, and took my watch; I snatched it out of his hand, and laid hold of him; some of the others ran up to me, and knocked me down; I saw no more of him till the watchman and my brother took him.
Q.What sort of a night was it? - A. My face was quite close against him.
Q.Are you sure the prisoner is the man? - A. Yes.
JOHN LECORE sworn. - I was with my brother and his wife; I was carrying a child about three years old; I was at the head of my brother; I heard his wife sing out, your brother is robbed, and I put down the child; my brother said, that was the man that robbed him, (pointing to the prisoner); I pursued him, with the watchmen, and took him; I never lost sight of him; my brother came up, and said, that is the man that robbed me of my watch.
- FREEMAN sworn. - I am headborough; I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner, (produces the watch); I received it from Jacob Lecore.
Lecore. This is my watch.
Prisoner's defence. There were a great many people running; I ran with them; they laid hold of me, and charged me with the robbery.
GUILTY, aged 18,
Of 


               stealing, but not violently
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
