





345. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     HORSLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of March
, two table cloths, value 16 s. a pair of sheets, value 10 s. and two towels, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Mascall
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  MASCALL
               



            . I live in Adam street, Adelphi


; the prisoner was my chambermaid
; I did not miss these things before they were found; my housekeeper brought me the duplicates of my own property on the 9th of March; where she brought them from I cannot tell. On the evening of the same day I went to the shop of Mr. Pennington, pawnbroker, Compton street, Soho, there I saw my property; they are all marked.


                  JAMES 
                  PENNINGTON
               



            . I live in Compton street, Soho, I am a pawnbroker. On the 9th of March Mr. Mascal came to my shop with some duplicates; they led to the discovery of these things. On the 16th ofFebruary the prisoner pledged a table cloth for ten shillings; she told me she lived in Compton street, her name was 
               
                  Ann 
                  Horsley
               



            . On the 24th of February she brought a sheet and two towels; I lent her seven shillings on them; on the 4th of March she pledged a table-cloth for eight shillings. The duplicates produced by Mr. Mascall are the same I gave the prisoner.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I lived with Mr. Mascall as servant; he has got some other of my duplicates; I know nothing of them things, he did not take the duplicates from me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
