






62. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HARDING
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  FOTHERGILL
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of November
, twenty-eight ounces of paint, value 15s. and a wooden cask, value 12d.
             the property of the 
               
United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East-Indies




            .(The Case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)
THOMAS REED sworn. - I am clerk to Mr. Mangle, ship-chandler, Wapping.
Q. Did you carry any paint on the 20th of November? - A. Yes; eighty-one kegs of ground colours, four casks of dry lamb-black, and six bundles of spunged slaves, each of those kegs weighed twenty eight pounds; I branded them all with the Company's mark upon them.
Q. Did you see them put into the cart? - A. I did.
Q. Who drove the cart away? - A. Thomas Benwell, the master of the cart.
THOMAS BENWELL sworn - I am a carman, I had goods put into my cart for the purpose of taking them to Summers's-quay, on the 20th of November; I drove the cart myself; there were eighty-one kegs of paint, four casks of lamb-black, and six bundles of spunged staves.
Q. Who did they appear to belong to? - A.They were marked with the East-India Company's mark.
- STEVENSON sworn. - I am a rummager belonging to the East-India Company; I recollect the last witness coming with a cart to Summer's-quay, with some kegs of paint, they were unloaded in my presence; I saw the kegs upon the quay, and it was my duty to take care of them, and see there was nothing plundered; they were to be carried on board the Carnatic; I missed a keg of paint, and a person upon the quay said, the persons that took it are gone into the Queen's-head, the corner of Darkhouse-lane; I went in at one door, and they out of the other, and on searching the tap-room, I found the keg I had lost; I got assistance and took them to prison.
 MOSES DAVIS sworn. - I was employed in the East-India Company's warehouse, to mark the chests of tea, on the 20th of November, between one and two o'clock in the afternoon.
Q. Did you see the prisoner at Summer's-quay? - A.Fothergill was at work with us that day; he was employed to help the carman to unload, Harding came up to him, and spoke to him, what he said, I cannot tell; Fothergill got out of the cart, and stood along-side of the kegs; Harding took one of the kegs and rolled it up in his apron, and took it way to the public-house.
Q. Where was Fothergill at the time? - A. He was standing along-side the kegs with his face towards us, and his back to the kegs, he was standing before the other prisoner; I told him of it, but he did not take any notice of what I said; I was sent to call Mr. Lovell the foreman.
Q. Before that time, what became of Fothergill? - A. Fothergill had got into the cart again to his labour; I saw them say something to one another, and then Harding run away, and a man standing along-side, pursued him and brought him back.
Court. Q. If I understand you right, Fothergill was in the cart assisting the carman to unload, and Harding came up? - A. Yes; and Fothergill stood with his back to the kegs, and his face to us; it struck me he did it for a screen, that we might not see, and I saw the other man take up the keg, roll it up in his apron, and run away with it into the public-house.
Prisoner Harding. I really never was near the place.
Witness. I am sure he was the man, I have seen him upon the quay before.


                  PETER 
                  LOVELL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Were you employed to put on board the Carnatic any goods? - A. I shipped ninety parcels.
Harding's defence. A man came and laid hold of me, and said, what have you done with the keg of of paint? I said, I had not seen any thing of the kind, I never was near the place.
Forthgill's defence. I was unloading the cart, and I got out of it to go up the gate-way to call another down.
Harding, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.
Foghergill, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
