





420. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BUTLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of June
, a shirt, value 3 s. a neck handkerchief, value 3 s. 6 d. and one pair of stockings, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dirden
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DIRDEN
               



             sworn. - I live in the parish of St. Marylebone, at the Buffalo's Head, New-road, Paddington


: On Sunday, June the 10th, I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, about one or two o'clock; I had pulled them off to clean myself, and after I cleaned myself, I went up to the stable; I am servant
 to Mr. Willan; the prisoner had been in the employ of Mr. Willan as a driver
. On Monday morning when I arose, I looked for my things, and they were gone; the prisoner lodged in the house, but not in my room; I had a room to myself, but I had not locked my door when I went out; I went up to the stable on Monday morning, and between nine and ten o'clock I went to Somers Town, where I heard the prisoner had such things to sell, and witnesses which I have here bought the things of him, which I know to be mine.
Prisoner. He now says the things were dirty, and at the Magistrate's he swore they were clean linen, and that he put them there to put on.
Witness. No such thing.
Prisoner. I came after I heard of it, and surrendered myself up to the house when I came from Mr. Field's.
Court. Q. Is it true that he surrendered himself? - A. The landlord of the house charged him with it; his servant boy lost a pair of breeches, and he heard that he had the boy's breeches.


                  EDWARD 
                  LONG
               



             sworn. - I am one of the drivers of the artillery horses; the prisoner worked in the same stable where I did.
Q. Did you buy any thing of him? - A. He had a pair of stockings; he shewed them to me; I told him I did not want any stockings, that was on Sunday between five and six o'clock; I bought them of him, and he was to return the money to me at night; I lent him ninepence on them; he was discharged at night; I was informed they were stolen; I sent for the man that owned them, and I gave them to him.


                  THOMAS 
                  MILLER
               



             sworn. - I bought a white neck handkerchief of the prisoner; I gave him sixpence for it; he worked in the same stable with me; I gave it over to Dirden; I bought it of him on Sunday evening between five and six o'clock.
(The property produced and identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I have been in Mr. Willan's employ these last three years; as soon as I heard of it, I came up to the Buffalo's Head, and surrendered myself up.
Court. (To the prisoner.) Q. These people charge you with having possession of these things, and selling of them? - A. I did not take them; they were given me by another man; as soon as I was taken up, he was gone.
Prosecutor. He acknowledged at Marlborough-street that he had took the things, and that he had sold these, and the other part were in pledge.



               GUILTY
            , aged 15.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
