





632. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WELLS
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 19th of July
, being employed in the capacity of a servant to 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Allam
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Caithness
                        



                     
                  , did take into his possession a watch, value 8l. 8s. for and on account of his said master, and afterwards did embezzle and secrete the same
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CAITHNESS
               



             sworn. - I am a watchmaker

, No. 119, New Bond-street


, in partnership with 
               
                  John 
                  Allam
               



            : the prisoner was our shopman
 about ten months; he was entrusted with a metal time-keeper to set clocks by; I saw it in his possession on the 18th of July, and on the 21st; I told him I should not want him any longer than Saturday night, in consequence of suspicions that I entertained; this was on Thursday, and he did not return any more; I went in search of him, and apprehended him on the Saturday following at a public-house, the end of Rosoman's-street, Clerkenwell; he came about a quarter of a mile with me, and refused to go any further; he then turned back, and I followed him till I found an opportunity of getting assistance, and then he ranaway; I cried stop thief, and he cried stop thief till we got into Coppice-row, and then I secured him, and took him to Bow-street; the pawnbroker is here with the property.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You have another watch in your possession belonging to the prisoner? - A. I do not know that it is belonging to him.
Q. There is a little account between you - a balance of wages, is there not? - A. He is considerably in my debt; the duplicate of the watch was sent to my house by the post, in a letter, after the prisoner was apprehended; it was pledged in his own name.


                  GEORGE 
                  HARVEY
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Moore and Grimwood, pawnbrokers, in Bird-street, Manchester-square: On the 19th of July, the prisoner pledged a metal watch at our house for three guineas; I was present. (Produces it.)
Prisoner's defence. When my master gave me this watch, I considered it as my own property.
Mr. Caithness. I never gave it to him for any other purpose than to regulate clocks; it was made for that purpose.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
