






36. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WICKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of November
, three silver table spoons, value 45 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Philip 
                           Stopford
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
 in his dwelling-house
            .


                  PHILIP 
                  STOPFORD
               



            , Esq. I live at 47, Baker-street, in the parish of Marybone


; the prisoner lived with me in the capacity of a cook
 five months. On the 25th of October I discharged her. About a month or six weeks before my house was broke into, the back part; four days after that my servant missed three spoons. On my examining the plate I found they were gone; they were silver spoons.
Q. What may be the value of them - A. About forty shillings. I have seen the spoons since in the possession of Mr. Perryman.
Mr. PERRYMAN. I am a pawnbroker. On the 10th of November the prisoner came into my shop, and asked me if I bought plate, I told her yes; she produced three table spoons, I weighed them, and agreed to give forty shillings for them. I then asked her name and place of abode, and whether she sold them for herself; she said no, she sold them for a friend two hundred miles in the country; she said her name was 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Price
               



            , she lived at 32, Upper Wimpole-street. I then asked her the person's name that she had them to sell for, she said her name was 
               
                  Sally 
                  Price
               



            ; she seemed very much confused. I then secured the door, and asked her again where she lived, she then told me 35, Lower Grosvenor-street; I enquired there, and learned that the last place she lived at was at Captain 
               Stopford
            's. I went to Mr. Stopford, and found that she had lived there. I desired him to produce the spoons; Captain 
               Stopford
             said he had four of these spoons, he had lost three. He produced one, which corresponded with these three. I have had the spoons ever since.
The property produced and identified.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, called one witness, who gave her a good character.
GUILTY, aged 34.
Of 


               stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
