





512. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     VAUGHAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of June
, three petticoats, value 15 s. two gowns, value 15 s. six handkerchiefs, value 4 s. two aprons, value 2 s. two shifts, value 2 s. two caps, value 1 s. and one cloak, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Duckmanton
                  




               
            , spinster.


                  MARY 
                  DUCKMANTON
               



             sworn. - I am a single woman
, I live in Whitechapel workhouse.
Q. Did you at any time lose the articles mentioned in the indictment? - A. Yes, on the 1st of June; the man that took them away carried my box, and I followed him; they were in my possession till I employed him to carry them home for me.
Q. Now look round - is that the man at the bar that you employed to carry your things? - A. He has got his appearance, he is not now drest in the same way he was then; it is not possible for me to say, but he is the size of that man, it may be the man.
Q. Do you believe he is the man, or is not? - - A. I cannot say; I was in search of a lodging in the dusk of the evening, and being a stranger in the neighbourhood, I asked the man if he could inform me of one; he said he would take me to his house, and he carried my trunk for me; my clothes were in a large trunk, and a great many more things in it than is expressed in the indictment.
Q. Did you apply to the man, or the man to you, seeing you with a trunk? - A. I applied to the man; he was going to take me to his house, and he carried the trunk before me.
Q. Whereabouts was it you saw the man to whom you entrusted these things - was it near the workhouse? - A. No, not very near there.
Q. How far did you go before you missed him? - A. I cannot say; I missed him at the turn of a corner, I never saw him again till I saw him at the Public-office; he did not tell me where he was going to take my trunk to; it was a week, or several days, before I saw him again at the Public-office, then he was in custody.
Q. Did you ever see any of your things again that your trunk contained? - A. Yes, some of them; I knew them when I saw them.
Q. Whereabouts was the value of those things? - A. I cannot say the value of those things; the best of my things were gone.
Q. Are they worth twelve shillings? - A. Some pounds.
Q. Did you recollect the person of the prisoner when you saw him at the Public-office - was his hair cut off them? - A. No, I could not say with certainty then; it might be the man; he has altered his dress every time that I saw him.
- PARSONS sworn. - I am a butcher, I live in Rosemary-lane.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. I have seen him about the neighbourhood.
Q. Do you recollect that woman? - A. Yes, I saw that woman on the Tuesday after the robbery; on Saturday night, the 1st of June, about half after ten o'clock, the watchman came to my house, and brought a large trunk with him; I told him to take it to the watch-house, and while he went there, I was passing by the door of Mr. Levi, he keeps a clothes-shop; I looked into the shop, and I sawsome clothes lying on the counter, and the prisoner standing at the counter by them.
Q. Did you attend to what was passing between the prisoner and Levi? - A. No; I went back to my wife, and told her what I had seen; she told me to go to Mrs. Levi's, and tell them not to buy them.
Q. Then you went into the shop, and cautioned Mrs. Levi not to buy them? - A. Yes, and Mrs. Levi said to the prisoner she thought he had not come honestly by the clothes.
Q. Were the clothes then lying on the counter? - A. Yes, and they were women's clothes; the prisoner answered, they were his Peg's, he sold them as he wanted to bury her decently; he was going to take them off the counter, and I prevented him, I told him if the clothes were his, and he could bring people to prove that the clothes belonged to him, he might have them, not else.
Q. Did he go away then? - A. Yes, he went out, and never came back again; the things were left at Mrs. Levi's till the prosecutrix was found out.
Q. Were you present afterwards when these things were produced before the Magistrate? - A. Yes, the prosecutrix claimed them; she said they were some of the things that were in her trunk; the Magistrate censured my conduct, as being head-borough of the parish.
Q. You behaved honestly, though you did not behave knowingly - have these things that was produced to Levi been kept separate from others? - A. (Coombes.) I have had them in my possession ever since.
Prisoner. I never mentioned those words the witness has said.


                  THOMAS 
                  NORRIS
               



             sworn. - I am a servant to Mr. Levi, a salesman: On Saturday night, the 1st of June, between ten and eleven o'clock, I was standing at my master's door; the prisoner asked me if I would buy some things; I said, let me look at them; he came into the shop, and laid them on the counter; after I had looked at them I called Mrs. Levi.
Q. Did you agree about the price? - A. Yes; I went out to get change and the prisoner went with me; Parsons was passing up and down the door, he came in before we came back; when we came in (I had the change to pay the prisoner), Parsons called me back, and my mistress told me, that Mr. Parson's said, that the things were stolen; the prisoner said, he was sure they were not, they were his Peg's, his wife's.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before? - A. Yes, by passing up and down our place; he said, she was dead, he sold the things as he wanted to bury her decent; the prisoner said he would go and fetch a witness to prove the truth of what he said.
Q. Did the prisoner ever come back? - A. No.
Q. Were these things that the prisoner produced on the counter and said were his wife's, were these things taken before the Justice and shewn the prosecutrix? - A. Yes.
Q. And they were claimed by her there? - A. Yes.


                  OLIVER 
                  HALEY
               



             sworn. - On Saturday, the 1st of June, between ten and eleven o'clock, I found a trunk in Saltpetre-bank, otherwise Duke-street, Rosemary-lane, it was partly empty; there was a little false hair, a bit of paper, and a pair of pattens; I took the trunk to Mr. Parsons, and afterwards to the watch-house.


                  ROBERT 
                  COOMBES
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of Lambeth-street; the Magistrate desired me to take the things into my possession, I have had them in my custody ever since; the prosecutrix has been in Whitechapel workhouse ever since she was robbed, she has been ruined by it; I produce them. (The property identified by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's defence. On Saturday evening, the 1st of July, it might be about eight o'clock, I went to Mr. Davis's, the White Swan; I commonly go there every night when I have done my work; about half after nine o'clock a man came into the house with a bundle of clothes under his arm, apparently to me he was a soldier; he asked me whether I knew of a place where he could sell these clothes; he said, they were his wife's, she was deceased, and he had come out of the country; I told him I had lived in the neighbourhood a great many years, I was not accustomed to selling clothes, I never did sell any clothes in my life; he asked me to take them and sell them for him; I took them to Mr. Levi's, and during the time I was there, Mr. Parsons came in, and he said there was a trunk found, and that these things were stolen; I told Mr. Parsons I had them of a man who was waiting for me at Mr. Davis's; I had leave to go and fetch the man; I went back to Mr. Davis's, and brought the man out with me, and lost sight of him just by the door.
Q. (To Parsons.) Did this man, in your hearing, say that he had received them from a man to sell? - A. I never heard him say any such thing till Saturday week, when he was before the Justice; I am sure he did not say so in Levi's house.
Q. (To Norris.) Did he say at Levi's that he had got them from a man to sell? - A. He said that he came to sell them as his own deceased wife's.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
