








223. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     COXEN
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     HARTLEY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     HARRIET 
                     ENGLISH
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniouslyassaulting 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Field
                        




                     
                  , in the King's highway, on the 10th of April
, putting him in fear, and feloniously taking from his person a gold watch, value 6 l. a gold watch-key, value 10 s. a silk handkerchief, value 1 s. and a pair of gloves, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        George 
                        Field
                     



.


                  GEORGE 
                  FIELD
               



             sworn. - I live in Clifford's inn: On Wednesday, the 10th of April, between the hours of eleven and twelve o'clock at night, I was going to a small house I had at that time at Chelsea, where I usually went at night.
Q. How far had you proceeded before any thing happened? - A. Near Charles court, in the Strand


, I was surrounded by some women; I had been to the Globe tavern, and after that I went to Clare-market; I was not perfectly sober when the women surrounded me, and from what I can collect, they pushed me into the One Tun passage; I found that they had rifled me near the One Tun passage, which is the next turning from Charles-court.
Q. When they surrounded you, do you recollect what they did, or what they said? - A. No, only that some women surrounded me, and soon after I missed every thing; I lost a parcel of Banknotes which I had in my pocket (they are not all mentioned in the indictment), and a gold French watch, a gold key, a gold mourning ring, a silk handkerchief, a pair of gloves, a silver snuff-box, and a gold broach. I pursued after the women into Charles-court; I thought they went into a house with a large passage; I saw no more of them that night; I went in the morning to Bow-street, and to Queen-square: and there I heard my gold watch had been stopped by Mr. Courtney, shop-man to Mr. Wright, a pawnbroker; I went with Hobbs and Donaldson, the officers, to a public-house, the corner of Seymour-court, Chandois-street, and while Donaldson was gone to make inquiry three women came into the liquor-shop to have some gin; one of them had a silk handkerchief in her hand; she said it was going to be mangled, her name is English; I said immediately that that was my handkerchief; I desired Hobbs to take it from her, and look at it, and he would see the initial letters of my name.
Q. Were the initial letters of your name found in the corner? - A. They were, and the number; Hobbs asked her where she got that handkerchief; she said she got it from her landlady, Mrs. Hartley; we detained her; there was another woman in company with her, and we went immediately down to English's lodgings, to the apartments of Mrs. Hartley.
Q. Whose house is that apartment in? - A. Mrs. Murphy's; we left Hobbs with English and Hartley: we searched the apartments and then searched her; in the pocket of Hartley was a pair of men's gloves; she said she had had them a fortnight in the house; I told the officer they were my gloves, for they were of a particular manufactory; they were made for my partner; they were too large; his name is Brown and on the inside was written Brown; Hartley said she had picked up the handkerchief at the door of her lodging the night before; she admitted that she had given it to English.
Q. Are you sure that you had your watch, gloves, and handkerchief with you, when you met these women? - A. I had my gloves on; I am sure I had my watch and handkerchief, for I looked at my watch when I came out of the Blackjack at Clare-market.
Q. Are you sure that you put it in your pocket again? - A. I am sure of that; they took a gold ring off my finger, and my gloves from my hands; I believe English had no concern with the robbery from what she said at the time.


                  JAMES 
                  COURTNEY
               



             sworn. - I am shopman to Mr. Wright, pawnbroker: On Thursday morning, the 11th of April, the prisoner Coxen, between eleven and twelve, in company with Smith, came to Mr. Wright's shop, Tothill-street, Westminster, to pledge this watch; she said that she wanted forty shillings on it; she said she would redeem it on Saturday night, it was her watch; I knew her before; I went to Queen-square, and brought an officer up; we kept her there under pretence of writing a ticket, Smith was in the passage; I mentioned to Hobbs that that was the person that was along with Coxen, and he took them both to Queen-square; I have kept the watch in my possession ever since.


                  JOHN 
                  HOBBS
               



             sworn. - I apprehended the prisoners Coxen and Smith, at Mr. Wright's; we went afterwards with Mr. Field to this liquor-shop, in the afternoon of the same day; English came in with two other women, they had some gin together; English had this handkerchief in her hand; she said that she was going to the mangler's with it; Mr. Field immediately said to me, that is my handkerchief, it is marked at the corner with 
               G. F. 
            4; I think it was; I took it out of her hand, and she said she had it of Mrs. Hartley; she was going to take it to be mangled (it appeared to have been washed), and after that she was going to take it to the pawnbroker's; I detained her there about five minutes, till Donaldson came in; when he came in, then I, Donaldson, and Mr. Field, went to Hartley's apartments; I asked Mrs. Hartley whether she gave this handkerchief to English; she said, yes, she did; she said she found it in the evening, in Union-street, it was very dirty, she had washed it out, and had sent English to get it mangled, and to get it pledged; I have had the handkerchief and the gloves in my possession ever since.


                  GEORGE 
                  DONALDSON
               



             sworn. - I went with Hobbs and Mr. Field to Hartley's lodgings; Hobbssearched Hartley, and in her right hand pocket he pulled out a pair of gloves; Mr. Field said they were his gloves.
(The gloves, handkerchief, and watch, produced and identified by the prosecutor.)
Hartley's defence. I found the handkerchief, but the reason that I did not own to the gloves was, I have frequently gloves left in my room, and whether the gloves were in the room before, or I had found them, I could not tell.
The other prisoners did not say any thing in their defence.
The prisoner Coxen called two witnesses, who gave her a good character.
Coxen, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 42,
Hartley, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 34,
Of stealing only.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Smith, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
English, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
