





283. 
               
                  
                     FRANCES 
                     CLEMENTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 29th of March
, a gown, value 3 s. and a shawl, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Newman
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I am a pauper in the poor house of St. Mary, Woolnoth
. On the 29th of March, I lost my gown from the dwelling house of Mrs. Ford, an acquaintance of mine in Chick-lane


, whom I went to see at that time. I found myself unwell, I went and laid on the bed, this woman came into the bedroom.
Q. Did you know her. - A. I had never seen her before nor do I know how she came into the room. When I awoke I found my clothes gone, there was nothing left me but my shift.
Q. What had she to do in that house. - A. She lodged there.
Q. What kind of a house is this. - A. A lodging house in Chick-lane, and they sell clothes; I know the mistress of the house, I went there to dine. I was informed where the prisoner was, I went to her, I said to her this is my property that you have on your back, how could you rob me; the landlady told me to take her out of the house, then I might do what I pleased with her. The prisoner went out, I followed her and called stop thief; when I came up to her she bit me on the arm, she was secured. I said my gown was on her and my shawl.
- . I am a constable; the prisoner was brought to me on the 31st of March, charged with theft.
Q. Had she the prosecutrix's gown on. - A. She had a gown, shawl, and cap of the prosecutrix's. I produce them.
Prosecutrix. The cap I will not swear to; it is my gown and shawl.
Prisoner's Defence. This good woman lodged at Mrs. Ford's, she is a woman that keeps a great many young women and lends them clothes and sends them out to bring in money. On Sunday evening she lent me the clothes; I could not get any money, I was afraid to return home. Mrs. Newman has lodged at Mrs. Ford's a long time. On Tuesday evening I went into Long-lane with some friends; she came into the house and accused me of robbing her.
Prosecutrix. I never lent her the cloaths nor do I lodge at Mrs. Ford's, I had not seen Mrs. Ford for six weeks.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
