





384. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PADGETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of May
, one copper, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Bannister 
                     Flight
                  




               
            .


                  BANNISTER 
                  FLIGHT
               



             sworn. - On Tuesday morning, the 22d of May, when I came down, the servant told me the house had been robbed, on which I went down, and saw the copper was gone; the wash-house is a little distance from the house.
Q. Was the copper the only property the house had been robbed of? - A. There was a handkerchief, but the copper was the chief of the property stolen; it was fixed in the wash-house.


                  JOHN 
                  WEBB
               



             sworn. - I am patrol of Hackney


: On the 22d of May, me and my partners were standing at Mr. Flight's gates, and at a quarter past one in the morning we saw a man; he went by us as we stood at the door of Mr. Manning's house; he got up the back premises, up the pallisading; my partners and I went and surrounded the place; they had not been gone no long time before they returned to me, and said, there was a man with the copper; we all three of us went after him, he run away when he saw us, and left the copper; the copper appeared to be fresh taken from the brick-work; one of the patrols stopped him, I joined in the pursuit; we asked him where he got that copper? he said, he was walking along the road, and saw nothing of it; I am sure he is the man that had the copper; we had never lost sight of him, I was up to him in less than a minute.
Q. How came you not to take him before he got in? - A. We have an order from the Committee to take them if they come out.
Q. If you had raised the alarm, you know he could not have broke into the house; very bad conduct! nobody ordered you to wait till a man breaks into the house, it is your duty to take them before they go in - did you know the man before? - A. I saw him one morning before, he came past me and my partners.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PAYNE
               



             sworn. - I am a patrol: I saw the man when they were pursuing of him; I went after him, and the rest of our comrades; we surrounded, that is all I know, I helped to take him.


                  JAMES 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; the prisoner was brought to me with the copper, I have had the copper ever since.
(The copper produced, and identified by the prosecutor.)


                  JOHN 
                  COX
               



             sworn. - I was one of the patrols stationed at the back of Mr. Flight's premises; I laid down when I saw the prisoner, and after I laid down, I heard the rattling of copper; I then rose up, and I saw him cutting the copper with a pair of shears.


                  JOHN 
                  GARDNER
               



             sworn. - I am a gardener; I saw him with the copper, but not cutting it; they called me up to help take him.
Prisoner. Q. (To Webb.) Whether that I was the man that went over the fence? - A. I cannot swear that you were the man that went over, but I have no doubt at all; there was only the footmark of one man, I saw him with the copper afterwards.
Prisoner's defence. I am a navigator
, I never saw the copper, I was travelling to my work.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
