







493. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  , otherwise 
LONG





            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MILLS
                  , otherwise 
POLLARD





            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of May
, five planes, value 5s. a hand-saw, value 1s. 6d. a gouge, value 6d. two chisels, value 6d. and a turn-screw, value 1d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Masters
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MASTERS
               



             sworn. - I am a carpenter
, and lost the things, mentioned in the indictment, from a house where I was at work.
THOMAS - sworn. - I am a conveyancer, and reside in Tottenham-place


; my apartment looks over these premises: On Sunday morning, between eight and nine o'clock, I observed Smith loitering about, and some time after the other two came up, with a bag, from the premises, which they took across the fields; about three o'clock in the afternoon, I observed the same boys about the same premises, and come out with a bag again; I went down to an officer, and told him my suspicious, we followed them, and took them to Bow-street, where they were searched, and on Williams the turnscrew was found, Smith had the bag.
- PICKERING sworn. - I am a Bow-street patrol: I apprehended the prisoners, and searched them; on Williams there was found the turnscrew, and in the bag was the things mentioned in the indictment. (The articles produced and identified.)
Smith's defence. Coming along the Duke of Bedford's brick fields, a bricklayer asked me to carry the bag for him.
Williams's defence. I know no more of the affair than you do; I was coming along, and I picked up the turnscrew turning the corner of Tottenhamcourt-road.
Mills's defence. He and me were taking a walk; I know no more of it than the child unborn.
Smith, GUILTY, aged 22.
Williams, GUILTY, aged 15.
Mills, GUILTY, aged 11.




               Of stealing to the value of 1s.
            







               All three transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
