





388. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               making an assault, in the King's highway, upon 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Molteno
                        




                     
                  , on the 16th of April
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, a silver, watch, value 1l. 11s. 6d.
             the property of the said John.


                  JOHN 
                  MOLTENO
               



             sworn. - I live with my father, a print-seller, in Pall-Mall: On Saturday, the 16th of April, about half past eight in the evening, I was crossing over Marybone-street


 to go down Vine-street, the prisoner at the bar came up to me, and snatched my watch out of my fob; I ran after him directly, and called stop thief; a young man, who was running up the street, stopped him, and knocked him down.
Q. Where was your watch found? - A. Under him.
Q. Had he said any thing to you before he snatched your watch? - A. No.
Q. He did not say a word to you, or strike you, or any thing? - A. No.
 - NORTHBRIDGE sworn. - I am a confectioner; I was coming in at one end of Marybone-street, I heard a cry of stop thief at the other end; I saw the prisoner running, and the young man that the watch belonged to; I stopped him directly, and knocked him down; I had fast hold of him by the collar, and he shuffled the watch upon the ground; some strange man picked it up; the officer has it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHADWELL
               



             sworn. - I am an officer; I was at the watch-house when the prisoner was brought in by Northbridge and the prosecutor.(Produces the watch.)
Molteno. This is my watch; the outside case is lost; I looked for it, but could not find it; I did not look directly, because I went to the watch-house with the prisoner first.
Prisoner's defence. I was going down Marybone-street, that gentleman knocked me down, and said I had robbed him.
GUILTY, aged 15.
Of 


               stealing, but not violently from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
