





754. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WARREN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of September
, a snuff box, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jacob 
                     Batteer
                  




               
            .


                  JACOB 
                  BATTEER
               



            . On Thursday evening last, between eight and nine, I had my snuff box taken out of my pocket, I was walking in the Strand


, I felt somebody at my pocket, I felt in my pocket and missed my snuff box.
Q. What was the value of your box - A. Five shillings; I turned round and saw the prisoner making away, I said you rogue you have taken my box; I called stop thief, he was stopped near the New Church, when I first saw him I was near Essex Street in the Strand, he was stopped by a hackney coachman first and then Mr. Harris took him, I never lost sight of him, I went up to him, I charged him with having stolen the box, he said he had not got it, I told him if he did not give me the box, I would take him to Bow Street, he said I should find the box he dare say in the church-yard, he begged that I would not take him to Bow Street, he wanted to get over the railings of the church-yard for the box, I did not like to let him go, several persons got over to see whether the box was there or no, I took him to Bow Street, and while I was in the office the box was brought in by a boy, 
               
                  George 
                  Dudfield
               



            , who said he found it in the church-yard.
Q. Can you say you felt his hand in your pocket - A. I cannot say I felt his hand in my pocket.
Q. Had you felt your snuff box safe in your pocket some time before - A. Yes a few minutes before.
Q. Was there any body in company with the prisoner - A. I rather think there was, I am not confident.


                  ISAAC 
                  HARRIS
               



            , On Thursday evening I was going along the Strand, I was about ten yards past Essex Street, I heard the cry of stop thief, I ran across the road, and catched hold of the prisoner, at the New Church in the Strand, the gentleman came up and said give me my snuff-box, the prisoner said he had not got it, if you will give me liberty to go over the rails of the church-yard I will look for it, they would not let him go over, they took him to Bow Street office, in the mean time we were having our hearing before the magistrate, two boys came in and produced the box.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking down the Strand and crossing, some people ran past me, and the cry of stop thief was called out, I made out of the road, and stood against the church yard, I heard something fall; the gentleman came up, and collared me, he said, you rascal, you have got my box, I said, I heard something fall in the church on the stones, perhaps it was thrown over.



               GUILTY
             - aged 20.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Second Middlesex jury before Mr. Baron Wood.
