






570. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     BALDWIN
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  PEARCE 
                  COLLETT
               




            , were indicted, the first, for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of June

, twelve yards of mode, value 2l. twelve yards of muslin, value 1l. eighteen yards of lace, value 2l. and two pieces of handkerchiefs, each containing seven handkerchiefs, value 3l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Read
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Read
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Read
                  



               
            ; and the other, for 


               receiving the same knowing them to have been stolen
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  THOMAS 
                  SAPWELL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. On the 29th of June, on the Sunday morning, I took the prisoners into custody, about six o'clock; I went to the prisoner Collett's house, No. 7, Two Swan Yard, Bishopsgate-street, and on a copper, close by where the prisoner stood, I found this piece of cambric muslin; I asked him where he bought those things; and he said, d-n me, I would buy any thing; I then took Collett to the Compter; I then returned, and searched the house; in his box I found a piece of black silk mode; I also found a piece of lace, while I was searching the house; I took the key out of Collett's pocket with which I unlocked the box; I then went to a house, No. 17, Old Bethlem-court, where there lived one Elizabeth Day; I took her into custody, and took her to Collett's house; I searched her, and found two pieces of silk handkerchief in her right-hand pocket; I apprehended Baldwin at the prosecutor's house.
Q. Before he had told you any thing, did you make him any promises, or use any threats? - A.I told him I would do what I could, with his master, if he would confess what he knew.
ROBERT READ sworn. Examined by Mr. Knpp. I accused the prisoner, Baldwin, of having robbed us of a piece of mode, a piece of cambric muslin, and eighteen yards, or a piece, of lace; he denied it; I mentioned the articles over again; he said they were at Sapwell's, the constable's house; he said, the cambric muslin is not your's; I then said, what are the other things, you have robbed us of them; he said, yes, and wished he had gone for a sailor before he took them; I asked him what could induce him to do it; he said, that Collett was continually after him, telling him to do it; he said it was his first offence, he never robbed us before, nor since, and he had received no money for the things; I told him if it was so, I Would not prosecute him. This silk mode is our property, it is worth forty shillings, it has not been sold by us; also the eighteen yards of lace, which is worth about forty shillings, that was found in Collett's box; the other things I believe to be our property, but will not swear to them; the handkerchiefs I am certain of, but the marks being picked out I will not swear to them; the cambric muslin, the mark being torn, I will not swear to it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. The prisoner did not abscond from your service? - A. No; I sent for him, and he came to me without force.
Q. Do you mean to take upon yourself to say, that that black silk mode had never been sold? - A. If it had, it would have been entered in the book; on the lace there are figures made.
Q. Are the figures always torn off the lace when it is sold? - A. Not always.
Q. You don't know any thing of Collett? - A. No; I never saw him till I saw him before the Lord-Mayor.(The confession of Baldwin was produced, and read).
The Prisoners left their defence to their Counsel, and called six witnesses, who gave them a good character.
Baldwin, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 31.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Collett, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 30.)




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
