





405. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     DEAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of March
, a pair of gold ear-rings, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Liversuch
                  




               
            .
- LIVERSUCH Sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Liversuch
               



            , a butcher, in the Old-Bailey: On Thursday, the 19th of March, my little girl went out from home about half an hour after ten o'clock, and about half an hour after twelve, she was brought home without her frock and ear-rings; there is no particular mark upon the ear-rings; I know them to be mine, I had them made for my little girl.


                  GEORGE 
                  BURCHETT
               



             Sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, (produces the ear-rings): The prisoner pledged them with me on the 19th of March; I had seen her before, I am sure she is the person; she had lost the ticket, and got an affidavit signed; by a Magistrate.
(
               
                  Levi 
                  Oburn
               



             produced the affidavit, which be found upon the prisoner).
Prosecutrix. I cannot swear to the ear-rings by any particular mark, but I know them to be mine they were made for the child.
Prisoner's defence. A girl that I was acquainted with, took them from the child, and sent me to pledge them. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 16.
Court. Prisoner, - I feel it to be my duty to distinguish your case from that of ordinary larcenies, and it is necessary that the public should know why that sentence is passed upon you which I am about to pass. Nothing can create more misery and anguish in the mind of a mother, than to have a child taken from the place it knows; it is therefore not only an act of great injustice, but of great brutality and cruelty; I have, therefore, in every case of this sort, immediately passed a sentence as severe as the law would permit me; I regret that I cannot pass a more severe sentence upon you. If children are taken from their parents by the visitation of Providence, they must submit to that; but if they are in a state of suspence, not knowing whether they are living or dead, and unable to find them, it is the utmost misery that a parent can feel. I therefore pronounce upon you, that you be 


               transported beyond the seas, to such place as his Majesty, with the advice of his Privy Council, shall think fit to declare and appoint, for the term of seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
