





77. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  LALLOW
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of November
, twenty-one pounds of rice, value 7s. the property of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Brown
                     



                  , 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Cass
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        George 
                        Whitfield
                     



                  , privately in their warehouse
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Pooley.)


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn. - I am a wharfinger, 
               
                  William 
                  Cass
               



            , and George Whitfield are my partners, our warehouse is in Wapping


; I had some rice there, and the day I was informed of the robbery, there appeared to be some missing, the quantity taken seemed to be about twenty-one, twenty-two, or twenty-three pounds, value about seven shillings.
SAMUEL WOODLEY sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Brown: On Monday morning, about ten o'clock, of the 17th of November, I saw the prisoner coming out of our warehouse, with a parcel of rice in a piece of hammock, and I saw him conceal it in a parcel of hemp, which was in Mr. Elliott's warehouse; it was necessary to pass through Elliott's warehouse to get to Brown's; I asked him what he had got there, he said, I have got nothing; I turned the hemp over, and found the rice, thesame as he had; I took it away in his presence, and asked him how he could be guilty of such an action; he said, what; why, says I, stealing the rice; I then went over to the warehouse opposite; I was walking underneath in the warehouse, and heard the rice rattle on the floor, and upon going up I discovered the prisoner; I then went and informed Mr. Brown; I examined the casks, and found a cask had been broke open; it was the same sort, as near as I can guess.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q.Was there any body in the warehouse at the time you supposed the rice to be stealing? A. NO.
Q.Does not Mr. Ellioft deal in rice? - A. I have known him have a very small quantity of East India rice, but this was Carolina rice.
Q.When was the prisoner taken into custody? - A. On Friday the 21st.
Q.How came you not to take him into custody on the spot, when you detected him? - A. I was not going to take the law in my own hands.
Q.Did he not continue in his place, and not abscond? - A. Yes; I did not see him the next day, but the day after I did, and Wednesday and Thursday, and took him up on Friday.
Prisoner's defence. I am innocent of the crime charged to me.
For the Prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  ELLIOTT
               



             sworn. - I have known the prisoner several years, I never heard any thing amiss of him till now.
 Mr. Pooley. Q.Did you ever see rice hid under Mr. Elliott's hemp? - A.Sometimes in small quantities, but that I know very little about; Mr. Brown's people make use of most part of our warehouse; they cannot get to theirs without going through ours; I have mentioned seeing rice laying there to the apprentice.
Court (To Brown.) Q.What is Elliott's warehouse for? - A. Hemp, flax, and cordage.
Q. Mr. Elliott don't keep it for the purpose of putting rice into it? - A.Sometimes there are several casks of rice there. (The rice produced).




               GUILTY, aged 34, of stealing to the value of 4s. 10d. only
            . - 


               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
