





46. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DORAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               making an assault in a certain passage and open place, nearthe King's highway, on the 13th of November
, upon 
                     
                        Antonio 
                        Joseph
                     




                  , putting him in fear, and taking from his person, a silver watch, value 3l. a silver watch chain, value 3s. and a watch-key, value 1d.
             the property of the said Antonio.(The prosecutor being a foreigner, an interpreter was sworn.)
ANTONIO JOSEPH sworn. - Q. What happened to you on the 13th of November last? - A. I don't know the nature of the street.
Q. Was it near Tower-hill? - A. A little below Tower-hill.
Q.At what time in the evening were your robbed? - A.Between five and six in the evening.
Q. What happened to you then? - A. was walking up the Dark-entry, the street is called the Dark-entry


.
Q. What happed to you? - A short man snatched my watch entirely out of my fob.
Q. Did you resist the man snatching it out of your pocket? - A.Immediately he drew my watch out, he ran away, I immediately called out stop thief.
Q. Did you run after him? - A. I did my endeavour to run after him, but having a fore thigh, being lame, two men came behind me, and gave me several blows in the back part of my head, and knocked me down; I fell on my hands, my slick went one way, and my hat another; I cried out stop thief, as loud as I could, being unable to run, having such a bad thigh.
Q. Did you see the prisoner after he was taken? - A. Yes.
Q. Can you take upon yourself to say, that the man you saw afterwards, was the man the took your watch? - A. I will swear, that the man I saw at the Police-office, is the same man that took my watch the same evening.
Q. Look at the prisoner - can you take upon you to say that is the man? - A. I can take a safe oath of it.
Q. Was the watch a gold one or a silver one? - A. The watch, chain, seal, and key were all silver.
THOMAS SERJEANT sworn. Q. Are you acquainted with the prosecutor? - A. Yes; I was standing at my own door, at the bottom of Butcher-row, opposite the Dark-entry, in the parish of St. Botolphs's, Aldgate, I heard a cry of stop thief, stop thief.
Q. Could you perceive, at that time, the person from whom the cry came? - A. No, I immediatey crossed over towards the Dark-entry, where I thought the voice came from.
Q. Is your own door in the City of London? - No, my own door is the precinct of St. Catherine's.
Q. And where is this dark entry? - A. One side of the way is in the parish of St. Botolph, Aldgate, and the other side is in the precinct of St. Catherlne's.
Q. Is it Aldate without the City of London? - A. Yes; I am positively sure it is without the City of London; I made for the Dark-entry, and as I was going over, I saw the prisoner, with two other men, run from the passage down the street, very fast; I am positive the prisoner was one of them; I then saw the prosecutor endeavouring to make after him, without hat or stick, I knew Joseph to be very lame.
Q.Did you know him before? - A. I have known him these four years; knowing him to be lame, and hearing they had robbed him of his watch, I immediately pursued them to the Army Victualling-office, the space of about two hundred and fifty yards; I called out stop thief, and the prisoner, and two other men endeavoured to drown my noise, by making a noise as if there was a mad bull coming; I kept fight of the prisoner till he was stopped by Mr. Young, a painter; when I came up, he was in Mr. Young's custody.


                  GEORGE 
                  YOUNG
               



             sworn. - Q. Where do you live? - A. No. 3l, Lower East Smithfield.
Q. No you remember, on the 13th of November last, hearing a cry of stop thief? - A. Yes, I did.
Q. You did not see the person who uttered that cry, did you? - A. No; I was in my own shop; I heard a noise in the street, I went to the door, and saw the prisoner coming past my door, running very fast.
Q. Was any body with him? - A. I saw several people at a distance, but no body with him; I asked him, what is the matter, my lad, he said, only a mad bull, Sir.
Q. Do you happen to know if that is a cant phrase? - A. I only know, that about ten days before this, a clergyman was robbed, and upon calling stop thief, the thieves made a cry of a mad bull; I seized the prisoner immediately; he asked me, what I meant by stopping him, I told him, I should stop him till the mad bull came up, for I suspected what he was, and while I had hold of him by the collar, he dropped a silver watch between his legs, upon the ground; I said to a person standing by, sir, I will thank you to pick up this watch, and give it to me, which the person did; he that time there was a vast concourse of people.
Q.Amongst them, did you see Anthony Joseph? - A. Yes; the prisoner begged that he might not be ill used; I immediately put him into the little watch-house, belonging to the Army Victualling-office; we then sent for a Police-officer, and he was taken to the office; I delivered the watch to an officer or the name of Smith.

Q. That is all you know of it? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - Q. Do you remember taking the prisoner into cutody? - A. Yes, upon the 30th of November.
Q. Do you remmeber Mr. Young, the last witness, giving you a watch, with the prisoner? - A. Yes, I have had it ever since. (Produces the watch.)
Q.(To 
               
                  Anthony 
                  Joseph
               



            .) Look at that watch, chain, and seal, and say whether, upon your oath, you can swear they are your's? - A. I can take a safe oath of it; I know it well.
Prisoner's defence. I live at a cooper's, I went with a journeyman, to Rotherhithe, to buy some casks; as I was coming along, there was a great outcry of mad bull, and I was running with the rest, and this gentleman laid hold of me; I know nothing of the watch.
GUILTY, aged 18.
Of 


               stealing, but not violently, from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
