





373. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ISAACS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of April
, a silver watch, value 15s. a gold chain, value 10s. and a gold seal, value 10s. the property of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Hall
                     



                  ; a jacket, value 2s. and a pair of trowsers, value 1s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Turner
                        



                     
                  ; and a silk hand kerchief, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Macpherson
                  



               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  HALL
               



             sworn. - On Wednesday night, or Thursday morning last, I was robbed of the watch, chain, and seal; I was on board a ship laying at the Leith and Berwick wharf


; I went to bed in my cabin about ten o'clock, and the watch hung up over my head; when I got up, I missed it; about eleven o'clock, I was shewn the watch, I am sure it is mine; the prisoner was then in custody.
JOHN TURNER sworn. - I am a foremast man, and was on board the vessel, called the Commercial Treaty, on Wednesday last; I lost a jacket, and a pair of trowsers, which hung upon a nail beside the bed; I know them to be mine; I never saw the prisoner on board.


                  JAMES 
                  MACKINTOSH
               



             sworn. - I am servant to the captain, and was on board the 29th: I missed a silk handkerchief, and several other things, out of the bag where my cloaths were, hanging up above the bed; I had never seen the prisoner before.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWNE
               



             sworn. - I belong to the Police-office, Shadwell, and produce the things in the indictment; about ten o'clock, I was sent for by Mr. Hosbridge, who keeps a sale-shop in Ratcliffe-highway, the prisoner stood crying by the counter; I asked him how he came by the watch; he said he had won it at a rastle, at the hog-yard, Limehouse, for two shillings; I asked him how many members there were; he said, about twenty; I told him the chain was worth more money than the twenty members', at two shillings a-piece; I searched him further, and found another watch on him; he had the trowsers on, and the jacket, and his own trowsers in a bundle; I then found the captain out, and shewed him the watch, which he owned; the prisoner told me there was another boy with him, that he was asleep behind the copper of one of the vessels, till they had an opportunity of robbing the vessels that lay near, of different property; he said, a watchman's boy gave him the watch to sell; that they took a large bundle away, and cut a boat adrith, and came on shore; that he was to sell the watch, and meet the boy on the following evening. (The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's defence. I did not take them; a boy gave me the things to sell, and I was to meet him again that night. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 13.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
