





248. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HANSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of March
, six hen fowls, value 10s. and one cock fowl, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Vaughan
                  




               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Vaillant).


                  CHARLES 
                  SIMMONS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Vaillant. On Monday the 3d of March, about six o'clock in the morning, just on the other side of Gunnersbury-lane, I saw the prisoner with a barrow, I was sure it was Hanson; I went up to him, says I, Jack, you have got to the old trade; no master, says he, I have not, I am going to London with some things for my wife; I said, I doubt you have been at the old trade, you had better have left it off; I told him I insisted upon seeing what he had before I left him; I walked with him some distance, and then he said he would tell me the truth; he told me he had got some fowls that he had bought at Chertsey-market; I said, Chertsey-market was on a Wednesday; and asked him why he had not disposed of them before; he said, he had bought them of Towers, of Purbright; I then took out my pocket-book and pencil, and put it down; he said Mr. Phillips, of Richmond, knew him; I said, it is a lame story, John; I walked on to Turnham-green, where I saw some more people, and I stopped him, and searched his baskets; there were four hens in the upper basket, and nine in the lower; he wanted to go to Walham-green; I got a constable, and took him into custody, and he was taken to Bow-street; I took the fowls to the constable's house, and found them quite warm; I took the fowls from Bow-street to Twickenham, sealed with my seal.


                  EDWARD 
                  BENSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Vaillant. I am servant to Mrs. Vaughan, Montpellier-row, Twickenham; she lost five hens and a cock, on Sunday night, or Monday morning the 3d of March; I afterwards saw them again at Mr. Simmons's.
Prisoner's defence. I received the fowls from a man at Kew-bridge, to fell for him.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 49.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Lord KENYON.
