





409. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     NEWMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of November, 1799
, ten guineas, a Bank-note, value 2l. and a Banknote, value 1l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Duncan 
                     Stewart
                  




               
            .


                  DUNCAN 
                  STEWART
               



             sworn. - I am a baker
: The prisoner came to me on the 5th of November last, about eight o'clock in the evening, be said he was the servant
 of Mr. Houston, of St. Helen's; Mr. Houston is a hot-presser, I know him perfectly well; he said that not having any cash in the house - they had sent the cash to their banker's - this was Monday evening - a person had called that they owed a small bill to, that was going out of town early in the morning, and if I would have the goodness to lend him thirteen pounds, seven shillings, Mr. Houston would send me over a check for the money as soon as the banking-house was open; I did not much approve of the conduct of the man, and as such I told him I would send it over; accordingly I called one of my lads out of the bake-house, and told him he must keep the person a little bit, and I would send it; he went away, I called up my lad, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Chapman
               



            , and gave him ten guineas in gold, a two-pound Bank-note, and a one-pound Bank-note; the lad went out with the money; I told him to give it to the housekeeper at the private door, and not give it to any man whatever; the lad returned back in a very short time, and said he met the gentleman, who was very angry with him for being so long, and he had given the money to him; before I saw the prisoner in custody I thought I should not be able to swear to him, but the moment I saw him it struck me forcibly as if I had been ever so well acquainted with him; I am sure he is the man.

THOMAS-CHRISTOPHER CHAPMAN
             sworn. -I am servant to Mr. Stewart: On the 5th of November last, about eight o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner ask for something for Mr. Houston, I could not hear what; for my master called me up, and said, Tom, you must take this over to Mr. Houston's, there were ten guineas in gold, and a two-pound note and a one-pound note; as I was coming out of the shop the prisoner at the bar met me, as if coming from Mr. Houston's; he began swearing at me for not making haste, he told me the gentleman was waiting for the money; and knowing that he was the man that came into the shop for the money, I held my hand to him and he took it out; I came back, and my master wondered at my coming back so soon, and he sent me to Mr. Houston's to enquire.
Prisoner. Q. You say I swore at you; what words did I make use of? - A. A d-'d puppy, or a d-'d scoundrel, I do not know which.
- HOUSTON sworn. - I am a hot-presser, in St. Helen's; I know Mr. Stewart as a baker living near my residence.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. I do not know any thing of him at all; I have not the least idea of his countenance.
Q. You did not give him orders then to request ten guineas, and a two-pound and a one-pound note? - A. Nothing of the kind.
Q. (To Stewart.) Do you know when he was apprehended? - A. A fortnight ago last Saturday; he was detained by another baker attempting the same again; I saw him in Bridewell.
Prisoner's defence. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court, and the decision of the Jury; I have a wife and three children who reside thirty miles in the country, and my friends are all there; I did not expect my trial to come on so soon.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 38.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
