






912. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     GOODSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 11th of October
, 12 lb. weight of coffee, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               

                        John 
                        Drinkald
                     



                  , senior






            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Drinkald, junior





            , and two other counts for like offence, only varying the manner of charging them.
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  ANTHONY 
                  FARENZES
               



            . Q. Are you a watchman employed by Messrs. Drinkalds to watch their craft. - A. Yes, on the 11th of October I was watching a lighter of theirs in the basin in the docks; at nine o'clock, I left the lighter, it was a cold night, I went on shore to warm myself, when I left the lighter all was safe.
- BOYCE. I am a custom house watchman, on the 11th of October, in consequence of suspicion, 
               
                  James 
                  Sknis
               



            , and I went on board the lighter, about a quarter before eleven at night, I had a pistol in one hand and a dark lanthorn in the other, I observed the two prisoners down in the hold of the lighter, on a cask I saw laying a black bag, and the cask over it was bored a hole, about an inch in diameter, and by the side of the cask lay this coat with two bags in it, I went close to them, and told them to come up out of the lighter, Goodson came first, I called to Skuis to secure him on shore, instead of his going on shore he got into the lighter again on the other side, Williams came up, he got on the gunnel of the lighter. I cocked the pistol in his face, I told him I would shoot him if he attempted to get away, I conveyed him on shore, and delivered him to Skuis, I went on board to seek for Goodson, I heard something plunge, I looked over and found something in a sinking state, I stooped down, and catched this bag, I believe this bag to be the same that I had seen before with the coffee running in it, Goodson was not on board that lighter, I found him on board another lighter.
Q. Are you quite sure he is the same man that you had seen in the hold of the lighter - A. Yes, I had seen him in the afternoon, I am quite sure he is the man. We found three casks bored, the deficiency of coffee is an hundred and a half and two pound out of one cask.


                  JAMES 
                  SKUIS
               



            . Williams was delivered into my custody, I took him by the collar, and saw some coffee falling from under his hat, when I called to my partner, he took his hat off, and threw the coffee away.
Goodson's Defence. I was crossing the craft to get over to a ship to see whether the people had come that I might have a run down to Gravesend, I could not get nigh the ship by two or three yards; I said I shall sit down in this craft to see whether the people came there or no; Williams said he should walk about till he saw the mate or somebody in the ship; at that time the skirmish began. It is a rule in the river to go into one craft to go on board of another.
Williams's Defence. We were never in the lighter's hold at all.
GOODSON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 45.
WILLIAMS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 46.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
