





41. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BARRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of November
, three hundred weight of lead, value 3l.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Donaldson
               



            , and 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Davis
               



            .
JAMES DONALDSON, sworn. - I am a surveyor and builder
: On Saturday the 14th of November, I was at a building at Stoke, near Cobham, in Surry, which I am repairing by contract, in conjunction with Mr. Daniel Davis; on information I received, I went into the stable, where the prisoner had the care of the horses; I looked under the manger, and saw a quantity of old lead, and some small cuttings from the new lead; there were three pieces that were heavy, which, from the shape and quantity, appeared to have been taken from a gutter recently pulled up; I supposed it was going to London, and did not take any other steps then; On Monday the 16th, I was there again, and the lead was in the same place; I had ordered the prisoner to go to London with a cart, on Tuesday the17th, and to call at my house as usual to take any small parcel to town; he called there between nine and ten; I contrived an errand for him, and while he was away, I got into the cart, and discovered a quantity of lead in two bags; I let him proceed on to London, following him at a distance; when he came near Vauxhall turnpike, he went so fast, I lost him; but, about five o'clock, I saw him at a house in Crown-street, St. Giles's, in a one pair of stairs, where there was 
               
                  Bridget 
                  Reading
               



            ; one of the bags of lead was on the floor; the prisoner, when he saw me, fell on his knees, and said,"Master, have mercy on me!" I said, it was too late; the other bag of lead was still in the cart; we then went to Bow-street. There was a gutter stripped by my order, and that the lead under the manger was such as came off the building, was evident, from the size and weight.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. I believe this house belonged to Mr. 
               
                  Hugh 
                  Smith
               



            ? - A. Yes, we were repairing it for him, and were to give new lead for the old; I have nobody here who saw the lead taken from the house; the prisoner was the foreman of the labourers, and ought to have taken it to the store-house.(
               
                  Daniel 
                  Davis
               



             corroborated the evidence of the last witness.)(The lead produced, and identified.)
Prisoner's defence. It was more than I knew that it was my master's property.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
