





609. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  DODSON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloliously stealing, on the 12th of June
, a pocketbook, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Comber
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .
THOMAS COMBER sworn. - I am a farmer
 at Crowhurst, in Surrey: On Friday, the 12th of June, between one and two o'clock, as I was going along Fish-street-hill


, I felt something, I thought I had hit my coat against the house, and that led me to examine my pocket, and then I missed my pocket-book; I looked round on my left hand and I saw the prisoner now at the bar, he passed directly before me; I said to him, my friend, I have lost my pocket-book; he immedaitely said, he had not got it; I got up with him then, and saw the pocket-book under his coat; I said that was the pocket-book, and I would swear to it; then he ran across the street to White-hart-court; I called out stop thief; he dropped the pocketbook in White-hart-court; I saw him in the course of a few minutes in Lombard-street; I am sure the prisoner is the same man, he had a brown furtout coat on.
- BELL sworn. - I am a merchant; I was standing in White-hart-court, I heard a man run very fast up the court, and he dropped the pocketbook about two yards from my feet; I observed a gentleman stoop to pick the book up at the moment, which determined me to pursue the man, and I took him at the end of Lombard-street; I never lost fight of him; the prisoner is the man.
Comber. I know the pocket-book by the receipts that are in it.
Prisoner's defence. This gentleman knocked his pocket against the wall, the pocket-book jumped out, and I kicked it before me; there were a great many people passing at the same time.
The prisoner called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 19,
Of 


               stealing the property, but not privily from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
