





278. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SIMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 16th of March
, one handkerchief, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John William 
                           Braasch
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM BRAASCH
               



            . On the 16th of March, about seven o'clock, I was talking to a Clapton stage coachman, in Bishopgate-street


; and just as the man was 
opening the coach, I found myself run against the arm; I looked round, I saw the prisoner whom I thought was a little intoxicated, he went on in a hurry; I stepped a little back and let him pass. I saw him after he passed me, he mended his pace; I overtook him at the London assurance company. I stepped forward, I said you have robbed me, laying my hand upon him, I saw at that time a handkerchief in his right hand. He knocked or pushed me down, I came to the ground, and my hat fell off; the moment he knocked me down I saw my handkerchief go away; and the man run off. I said immediately stop thief, I got up and ran after him; he was taken in Threadneedle-street. When I came up to him, I said you are the man that robbed me; he cried he knew nothing about it, that he was not capable of robbing. We took him back to the place where I had talked to the coachman. We sent for an officer and took him to the Compter.
Q. What became of the handkerchief. - A. It is in the hands of the officer. I am certain that he is the man that passed me at the coach, because he ran against me.
Q. The moment you charged him with it you saw the handkerchief in his hand. - A. Yes, I saw him throw it away, and I saw the handkerchief on the ground; I lost some time in getting up, and picking my hat up; I thought I had better go after the man.


                  JAMES 
                  CALENDER
               



            . I am fire-lighter to the East India House, Leadenhall-street. On Monday the 16th of March, about seven in the evening, I saw two men scuffling, I saw one fall, the other ran down Threadneedle street, and threw a handkerchief from him, I saw it plain enough; I picked the handkerchief up, and carried it into the Flower-pot, Bishopgate street; I looked at the handkerchief, it was marked W. B. No. 18, I gave it to the young man that belongs to the parcels there and left my address. I could not swear to either of the parties, it was so dark, and the contest was short.


                  PATRICK 
                  MULLINS
               



            . I am constable of Bishopgate ward. I was sent for, the prisoner was pointed out to me; I took him in custody, and the handkerchief was given to me. I have had it ever since; it is marked 
               W. B. 
            18.


                  PETER 
                  LEONARD
               



            . I am an haberdasher, I live in Bishopsgate-street Without. I was a going down Threadneedle-street, hearing a cry of stop thief, I turned to stop the first man that came; just as I turned round the prisoner fell down upon the pavement; I went and took hold of him. Mr. Braasch came up; we took him to the Flower-pot.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner. Ask my prosecutor whether I am the person that took the handkerchief from him.
Court. That is for the jury to say.
Prisoner's Defence. I am in the habit of living in good families, I was groom to general Abercombie, I have been out of place in all about six weeks.
GUILTY, aged 25.




               Of stealing, but not privily from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
