






680. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LANE
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CASEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of July
, 9 lbs. wt. of lead, value 18 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Buckler
                        




                     
                  , affixed to a house of his
            .


                  DAVID 
                  BUCKLER
               



            . I have a house in town, and a house in Hackney; I lost the lead from my premises in Play-house yard in the parish of St. Luke's


, on the 24th of July. It is a house that has been pulled down, and the other remains not pulled down, the lead was stolen from a gutter of the buildings, I had seen the lead safe on the gutter a month or three weeks ago. On the 24th of July, I went in the gutter, and saw the lead was missing.
Q. Did you see whether any of the lead which covered your building was cut away. - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  LUCAS
               



            . I am a bricklayer. On the 24th of July, as I was going in at the gate these two men were coming out of the gate of Mr. Buckler's premises, Casey had got Lane's jacket under his arm, I asked him what he had got, he said he did not know; I asked him to turn it out of the jacket, he did, it was lead. The two prisoners were both coming out together; there was a knife belonging to Casey with it. I discharged them both from the ground, and locked the door. I examined upon the top of the building, the lead did not fit, the middle piece had been taken away. The lead was fresh cut, and the lead found upon Casey was fresh cut. The lead was cut away from the house belonging to Mr. Buckler.


                  JAMES 
                  GUERY
               



            . I am an officer of St. Luke's. On Monday the 24th of July, I was coming up Golden-lane, I saw a woman touch Lane upon the shoulder; she told him to run away, he run up Angel-court; I met my brother officer; we pursued him, and found him on a garret stairs; he said it was Monday, he only took this lead to get some beer with.


                  EDWARD 
                  KING
               



            . I am a headborough. On the 24th of July I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner Lane. I met Lucas, he gave me charge of the lead. I took charge of Casey; he said, the first part of the lead was sold and gone. I afterwards assisted in taking Lane.
The prisoners said nothing in their defence.
Lane called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Casey called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
LANE - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 52.
CASEY - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 54.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
