





352. 
               
                  
                     LOUISA 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of February
, seven shifts, value 35 s. a petticoat, value 10 s. a dressing gown, value 8 s. two handkerchiefs, value 3 s. two aprons, value 1 s. and a pair of pockets, value 6 d. the property of lady


                           Elizabeth 
                           Bingham
                        




                     
                  , spinster
, in the dwelling house of Richard earl of Lucan
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a servant to lord Lucan, his house is in Hamlet place, Piccadilly, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square


. On Friday the 17th of February, between seven and eight o'clock, I was sitting in the hall along with the porter, the prisoner 
               
                  Louisa 
                  Smith
               



             rung at the bell, the porter opened the hall door; the prisoner came in and asked for the housekeeper.
Q. Had you ever seen her before - A. No. I know nothing of her. She asked if the housekeeper was at home, the porter said yes; he went to shew her from the hall to the stairs that go down into the housekeeper's room; she said porter do not trouble yourself, I know her very well; the porter came back; I saw no more of her till she came out, that was about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour; I then did not see her where she came from; it was darkish; there were no lamps in the hall lighted; the porter lighted her down the steps.
Q. When did you see her afterwards - A. About a week afterwards I saw her at Marlborough street, I knew her.


                  ROBERT 
                  ARCHBUD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, I live with Mr. Nichols, Westminster bridge road. On Saturday the 18th of February, between eleven and twelve o'clock, the prisoner brought five shifts and a petticoat, I lent her sixteen shillings on them; she pledged them in the name of Richardson, at Lambeth. I have seen her before at our shop.
The property produced and identified.


                  ANNE 
                  KELLER
               



            . I am a servant to lord Lucan.
Q. Do you know any thing of that woman coming to the house - A. No. These things were missed on the 17th of February, the same evening, on my going into lady 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Bingham
               



            's bed room, I saw a pocket handkerchief lay on the floor, between eight and nine o'clock; I took it up and put it in the drawer, then I missed the things.
GUILTY, aged 19.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty-five shillings only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
