





716. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     GOLDSMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of August
, a watch, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Christian
                        




                     
                   from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CHRISTIAN
               



            . I am a sailor
. I am a Swede.
Q. Did you lose a watch in August last - A. Yes, I was coming out of a public house in Ratcliffe Highway


, the prisoner met me in the street, she asked me where I go, I said I go home. She asked me where was my lodgings, I told her at the Three Fox public house Limehouse, she said cannot you stop with me all night. I said I got no money.
Q. Did you go with her - A. Yes, it was about ten o'clock at night.
Q. Had you been drinking - A. No, I was very sober, I went with her to her lodgings. I do not know the street, there was nobody but me and her, she desired me to stop while she went after a light, she went down the street, she came up again in a couple of minutes, she had no light at all. I sat on the bed when she came back again, she pulled the watch out of my pocket, I sung out you have taken the watch from me, she said no, she laid hold of myarm and told me my watch was outside of the door, so we went together to the door, she shoved me out and locked the door, she was inside and I was outside. I went home, the next morning I got a constable.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a constable. On the 25th of August, I received information of the prosecutor that he was robbed of his watch, he took me to the house and shewed me the girl, she said she knew nothing of the watch. I searched the room and her, I found nothing. I went out into the street, a girl called to me and told me that the woman had got the watch. I took the girl up stairs, I said is this the woman that you say has the man's watch, she said yes, then she confessed that she had the watch, she told me if I would go to Mr. Mordant's I should get it. I went to Mr. Mordant's he keeps houses there, he told me to keep in the parlour, however, I followed him into the room, he took something out of the desk gave it to the prisoner, she said I have got it. I went back to the prosecutor where I had left him, she took down an old chair and turned the key out of the chair, she said here is the key.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. This man and woman came to me, I was sitting at my own door, the woman said can you accommodate me with a bed. I told them I had no objection, I let them into the room, the woman came and said my man has no money he has given me the watch, she gave me the watch. I was to keep it till 9 o'clock the next morning, he did not come till past 2 o'clock, he wanted his watch and not to pay me for the room. I would not give him the watch without he paid me for the trouble, he went for a constable, when I saw the constable I gave him the watch, he discharged me and gave me some liquor, he went away and likewise the constable. I saw no more of them till 6 o'clock at night, then they came and took me away, I have been in custody ever since.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
