






286. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHITEHEAD
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     WHITEHEAD
                  , otherwise 
GRIFFITHS





            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of February
, two pair of breeches, value 30s. the property of 
                     
                        Judah 
                        Moses
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  MARY 
                  MOSES
               



             sworn. - My husband is a dealer in clothes, and keeps a shop
 in Russell-court


: On the 4th of this month we lost two pair of small clothes, about two o'clock in the day, I had seen them about twelve o'clock on the counter; the two prisoners and another man came to buy a suit of clothes; I only was in the shop; they staid near two hours trying on small clothes; they did not try on either of the two pair that laid on the counter; they did not buy any thing; they bid me money which I would not take, and then all three went away together; I missed the things, and I called them back, and told them I would take their money; the two prisoners came back, the other ran away; I threw up the woman's cloak, and said, you have robbed me, and I there found a pair of small clothes hanging over her arm; I examined them, and found my husband's mark on them; it was one of the two pair that was on the counter; I then said, I supposed the man had robbed me,and I found another pair of small-cloaths behind his great-coat; I sent for a constable and gave them into custody.
Q. Did you charge them from any thing you had seen them do? - A. They would not come in without a great deal to do; I did not see them take them; I knew nothing of them before.(
               
                  Thomas 
                  Mumford
               



            , the officer, produced the property, which was identified by Mrs. Moses.)


                  John 
                  Whitehead
               



            's defence. I was never out of the shop; she told the Justice that she picked them up behind the counter; is it likely that I should come back if I had any such thing about me?
The prisoner Sarah Whitehead did not say any thing in her defence.
John Whitehead GUILTY, aged 34,


                  Sarah 
                  Whitehead
               



             GUILTY, aged 28,
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            . - 



               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
