





536. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of June
, four gowns, value 25s. two petticoats, value 6s. a piece of cotton, value 1s. and a child's frock, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Rachael 
                     Price
                  




               
            , widow
.
RACHAEL PRICE sworn. - I am a widow; I live in Crown-street, Westminster


: On Thursday the 16th of June, between six and seven o'clock, I was sitting at tea in the front parlour; these things were in the back parlour looked out for the wash; I heard a noise, and a cry of, stop thief! I had seen the things there about ten minutes before; I had been in to put water into the tea-pot; I saw the prisoner run; I went to the door, and met my little girl with the things in her frock.
MARGARET PRICE sworn. - I am the daughter of the last witness; I was sitting with my mother; I heard the cry of, stop thief! and ran out; I saw my mother's clothes on the ground, the corner of King-street; I picked them up, and brought them home; they were loose.(The property was produced and identified by Mrs. Price.)
WILLIAM BUCKLAND sworn. - I am a brushmaker, the corner of Charles-street and King-street, Westminster: On Thursday the 16th, I heard the cry of, stop thief! I saw the man at the bar running with a bundle under his arm; he dropped the bundle opposite my door; I saw the girl pick it up; the prisoner was caught at the top of Charles-street; I helped to take him to Queen-square.
WILLIAM MORGAN sworn. - I heard the alarm; I went out, and met the prisoner with a bundle under his arm; he gave me a push, and ran; he dropped the bundle; I pursued and stopped him; I am sure he is the same man.
SARAH SPARR sworn. - I saw two men at my door; one of them had a bundle; I thought they were thieves, and I sent Morgan after them.
Prisoner's defence. I heard the cry of, stop thief! I ran, and this man laid hold of me, and I told him, I should have stopped the thief if he had not laid hold of me. 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
