





221. 
               
                  CHRISTIAN 
                  MOSER
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of January
, a seven-shilling-piece, sixty-six penny-pieces, and one hundred and forty-eight halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Haram
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM HARAM sworn. - I am a publican
, I keep the Sampton and Lion, Butcher-row, Lower East-Smithfield


, the prisoner lodged in my house about six months, and had left it six weeks: On Saturday morning, the 16th of January, I missed my money out of my till, I saw it about twelve o'clock, it was in the bar; I usually lock the till, there had been force used, I have not been able to lock it since, I was not in bed the whole night, I had company till about twelve, and I fell asleep, the prisoner was in the house, and I trusted him to draw beer; I went to my till at five o'clock, I did not perceive that any violence had been used, I missed the money, and charged the prisoner with it; the patrol knocked at the door, the prisoner let him in; the patrol found on the prisoner two seven-shilling-pieces, eight shillings in silver, and eleven shillings and eight-pence farthing in halfpence and penny-pieces.
Q. How many penny-pieces? - A. I did not count them; the officer has them, they were in his pantaloons, and his jacket pockets; I cannot swear to any of the money, the till was not locked in the morning, I don't know how I left it.
Q.Were you in liquor? - A. I might be a little; I missed some halfpence and penny-pieces, I did not know I had any silver in the till.
Prisoner. Q. Did not I put him and his wife to-bed drunk that night? - A. No.
- LOVEDAY sworn. - I am a watchman: On the 16th of January, about a quarter after four in the morning, passing the house of the prosecutor, I saw a light through the window-shutter, I looked through, saw the prisoner go to the bardoor, open it, and go in; he had a candle and looked on the shelves; he took a silver spoon, and put it in his pocket; he put something in his pocket, opened a drawer by the till, and took a parcel out; he took a knife out of his pocket, and endeavoured to force the lock of the till, but could not effect it the first time; he tried to open it at the side, he could not; he then tried the lock again, and opened it; he took out a parcel of something, and put it in his jacket-pocket; he repeated it again; he took out something, and put in his pantaloons; then he put to the drawer again; he took a candle and looked about the bar; he came out, and went from the bar to the fire, the landlord was asleep in the tap-room at the time; I am sure it was the landlord, for I heard him cough, it was then near five o'clock; I called another watchman, we stopped about the house, expecting he would be coming out; he did not, I then knocked at the window, and told him I wanted something; the prisoner tapped at the window, and said, he was coming; about a quarter of an hour after, I knocked at the door, the prisoner opened it, I found Mr. Haram sleeping, with his head on the table, in the taproom, he was in liquor; I asked the prisoner if wecould not have somethink to drink; in order not to alarm the prisoner too much, we had something, and paid for it, and laid the money on the bar; I endeavoured to wake the landlord, which I did, with some difficulty; I took him without the taproom, and asked him if he knew the prisoner, he said, he did; I said, that man has robbed you; I took him into an adjoining room, and took some penny-pieces, and halfpence out of his waistcoat-pocket; I found a seven-shilling piece, and seven shillings in his pantaloons pocket, (produced the money and a knife with blood on it, with which he opened the drawer,) I suppose, he had cut his finger.
Prisoner's defence. The two seven-shilling-pieces is what my master King gave me; Mr. Haram changed a seven-shilling-piece, the landlady desired me to take care of the bar, her husband was so drunk; I gave her the money till she fell down in the bar, and they carried her up to-bed.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
