







726. 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     MOREING
                  





               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ROBINS
                  





               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of July
, seven geese, value 35s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Watkins
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WATKINS
               



             sworn. - I am a butcher
, at Mile-end


,: On the 19th of July, I lost seven geese from my premises; they were shut up overnight, and the back gates locked; I saw them at ten o'clock at night; on the 18th, I was called up between four and five, and informed that the geese were gone; in consequence of information that I received, I went to Mr. Knight's, who lives about a furlong from my house; Mr. Knight told me to wait in his garden, which I did with my son and a man; we staid there about ten minutes, when we saw three men walking backwards and forwards, and heard one man say, it won't do yet; my man was then watching through the key-hole, at Mr. Knight's back-door deposited in a pit, about twenty yards from Mr. Knight's back-door; I then went round by White-horse-lane to meet them, and my man and two of Mr. Knight's sons, followed them immediately, and by that time I had got into the field, they were in custody of my man and Mr. Knight's sons; I took one of them, and brought him to the watch-house, the third man made his escape; I lost thirteen geese in the whole.


                  JOHN 
                  KNIGHT
               



             sworn. - I am a print-cutter, and pattern-drawer for calicoes; early in the morning, of the 19th, my son called me, and shewed me seven geese, quite warm, in a pit, just killed.


                  JAMES 
                  KNIGHT
               



             sworn. - I am the son of the last witness; between four and five in the morning, I went to the pit and saw seven geese, warm; I went back and told my father of it, and my father and I watched them.
Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Knight
               



            . Upon hearing the information of my son, I immediately enquired who kept geese on the spot; I found that Mr. Watkins kept geese, and I sent to him, and he and his man came to my garden; after a short time, we saw the two prisoners and another man come down, they passed by, within a yard of me; they went about one hundred yards, and then they all stopped together; I then shut the gate and went in; I told Mr. Watkins to be very quite, for I had no doubt they were the thieves, and then his man watched them through the key-hole; I pursued them and took them.


                  RICHARD 
                  MORGAN
               



             sworn. - I took charge of the prisoners and the geese, these are the cloths that they were wrapped up in.
Q.(To Watkins.) Are you certain the prisoners are the man? - A. Yes; and two of the geese I can swear positively to.


                  JOHN 
                  KNIGHT
               



            , jun. sworn. - I looked through the key-hole, and went in pursuit of the prisoners; I saw them take the geese out of the pit, and in two minutes we came up to them, and they threw away the geese; Robins had five geese, and the man that got away had two.
Moreing's defence. I was going through the field, at the distance of from here to Newgate-street from the other two men, when I was taken, I was not near the geese.
Robin's defence. I was going to see the new docks, and going through the field, a man asked me if I would have a goose, and he went down into the saw-pit, and chucked me up two; I said, they were stole, he said, he did not think they were, and then these gentlemen came up, and took me.
Mooreing, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 45.)
Robins, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 30.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
