






420. 
               
                  FRANCIS 
                  SPENCER
               




             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault upon 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Thompson
                        




                     
                  , on the 1st of May
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person a handkerchief, value 10 d. two guineas, half a guinea, three seven shilling pieces, and four bank notes, value 1 l. each
            , his property.
WILLIAM THOMPSON. I am a Greenwich pensioner
.
Q. When did you meet with this assault - A. On the morning of the first of May, between one and two o'clock, I met with Frances Spencer in Ratcliffe highway, I was in liquor, I could not find my way home; I I asked her to shew me the way home, instead of shewing me the way home she took me to her apartment in Seven Star alley, St. George's in the East


; I told her that was not the house I wanted her to shew me; she said I might stay there all night, she would not shew me any further I sent her for a drop of liquor; she brought the money back, she said it was bad; she did not return me the seven shilling piece; I sent a half guinea next, she brought some gin; she said she could get nothing to eat it was too late.
Q. How much liquor did she bring - A. I cannot recollect whether it was a pint or half a pint; I was a little in liquor between ten and eleven o'clock; one began to beat me with the poker and the other with the fender.
Q. Then you slept there I suppose - A. I was sitting on the foot of the bed, with half of my clothes on and half off.
Q. I suppose you laid down and took a nap - A. I do not recollect at all; I was sitting on the foot of the bed all the time to the best of my knowledge. I could not lay down nor could I walk.
Q.How came you to stay there from between ten and eleven o'clock, till one in the morning - . I was not able to stand on my legs or else I would not have staid there so long; they beat me so I was hardly able to walk, they would have murdered me if I had not got assistance; the constable came up; when she saw the constable come she said she was sorry she had not murdered me at first. They took all the money I had from me.
Q. When did they take the money from you - A. Before they began to beat me.
Q. Which of them took the money from you - A. I do not know; the constable found the money, they took two guineas, half a guinea, and three seven shilling pieces.
Q. How did the constable come - A. I cried out for assistance; some of the people in the street went for a constable.
Q. When you come there did you find the prisoner Smith - A. Yes.
Q. Did you not go to bed with the prisoner Smith - A. No, not to the best of my knowledge.
Q. On your examination you said I met the prisoner Smith in the street, I went with her to her room, I remained there till about five o'clock in the morning. I went to bed with Spencer, when I awoke I discovered the prisoner Smith. I found I had lost four one pound notes; I then challenged the prisoner with the robbery; which is the truth what you then said or now - A. I speak the truth; I told the justice the same.
Q. When did Smith come into the room - A.Ann Smith was in the room when I came home.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a constable belonging to the public office, Shadwell. On the first of May a young man came to me, he said there would be murder done in Seven Star alley, at the lower house on the left hand side; he shewed me the room. I found Spencer's arms bloody from her finger up to her elbow; I found the man in the room bleeding at different parts of his head; he said he was struck with a fender by Spencer, and a little woman had struck him with a poker; Smith was not there, she came in a few minutes; I said to Spencer why did you rob this man and want to murder him; she said I am very sorry and made use of very bad expressions that I had not murdered him; she said she would not be searched there but she would in the other room; the rooms were all over blood; I found this protection box. 
               
                  Ann 
                  Spencer
               



             had the protection box; in the protection box was two one pound notes, a half guinea, three seven shilling pieces, and a red pocket handkerchief that the man, had; I found the certificate of the discharge of the man it laid on the floor, and likewise some gentleman's address where he took some prize money. I found on Spencer a few halfpence which the magistrate ordered me to give her; she said it was his money, but he gave it to her.
Q. You did not find the other two one pound notes - A. I did not; Smith had been to a Jew's in the alley there; he keeps a bad house.
(The property produced and identified.)
Spencer's Defence. I met the man between eleven and twelve o'clock on Saturday night, he had another young lass with him; he asked me to have something to drink, I said no, let him go with his own woman; he said he would not go with her; he gave me a seven shilling piece to get something to drink, he had only seven shillings in silver in the morning, heasked me to give him something to drink; I said no I would not; he said I should get up; he struck me with the fire shovel. I too up the fender to bar the blow off; the other young woman was not in the room at all; when she saw him beating me she came and wiped my hands with her apron; the tin-box is not his; I have had it ever since the beginning of last summer.
Smith's Defence. I know nothing of the affair, nor about the money; there was a terrible piece of work, I ran up stairs and wiped her nose. Mr. Brown took me. I know nothing at all about it.
Q.(to Brown.) Was Smith's hands bloody - A. Yes, they were both obliged to wash themselves before I took them out of the house; the water was as bloody as though it came from a beast.
SPENCER, GUILTY, aged 17.
Of 


               stealing, but not violently from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SMITH, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
