





196. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TOMLINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 5th of February
, eighty-three pounds weight of cart nails, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Gill
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GILL
               



             sworn. I am a wheelwright
, the prisoner worked for me about three years and a half, he left my service a twelvemonth ago last August, that was before I lost these nails.
Q. Did you at any time find how you lost these nails. - A. I know no more than being alarmed by the watchman at eleven o'clock at night; I live in White Horse Yard, West-street, West Smithfield


; when the watchman gave the alarm I got up, and when I came into the yard, I found the gates were open, they had been shut before dark, and they were fastened with an iron bar across with a thumb screw. I am positive they where fastened on the over night, when I came to the gates there were a great number of nails scattered about there, whoever it was that had taken them away, had dropped them.
Q. Where they of that description of nails that you call cart nails. - A. Yes, they were in a bag; we went down the alley leading to Cow Cross, the nails where scattered there also.
Q. Do you know any thing of the prisoner being concerned in this robbery. - A. No further than it was on the 5th of October, the felony was committed; I believe it was on the 5th of February he was apprehended.
Q. You did not take him. - A. He was taken on the 7th of October first.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gleed.
Q. You do not know that you did not see him in custody in October. - A. No.
Q. When did you see the prisoner after the felony was committed. - A. I saw him at Bow-street, on the beginning of February.
Q. Do you know of his being the person who had done it. - A. No.
Court. Could any person have done this who was not acquainted with the fastening of your yard. - A. I should not suppose they could.
Mr. Gleed. How many servants have you in your employment. - A. Near twenty.
Q. This man had been in your employ a year and a half. - A. He had.
Q. He had ceased to be your servant about a twelve month ago last 
               August. 
            - A. Yes.

Q. In October, in consequence of some alarm, you went down to your gates, and there you saw some nails scattered about. - A. I did.
Q. Who the person was you do not know nothing about. - A. No.
Q. You pursued without effect. - A. Yes.
Q. From that time it was five months before you saw the prisoner. - A. It was.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  JONES
               



             sworn. I am one of the patroles of Bow-street, on the 7th of October last, about half after five o'clock in the morning, I was standing at the corner of Red-Lion-street-Holborn, the prisoner at the bar passed me; I stopped him, and took him into a liquor shop.
Q. Had he any thing about him. - A. He had the nails in a bag on his back; I asked him how he came by them, he said what is that to you; when he was brought before the magistrates he said he found them on a butcher's block in Newport Market.
A. How came he not to be tried before. - A. He was kept till the 14th, and then he was discharged, we could not find any owner to the nails; I have kept the nails ever since, I produce them.
Mr. Gleed. On the 7th of October was the Monday, the 5th was on Saturday.
Court. (to Mr. Gill) Was it on Saturday your premises were robbed. - A. It was; that bag is not mine, they were emptied out of the bag, and the bag was left.
Q. Have you examined the nails before. - A. I have, there is eighty seven pound, and from a general knowledge of the nails, I believe them to be my property, they are worth a groat a pound, they are valued at 10 s. in the indictment, they are made in the same tool with what I use, I should know the nails any where.
Q. Then the value of them would be about twenty-seven shillings; you are quite sure they are made in the same tool as those were in your manufactory; and you believe them to be yours. - A. I do.
Q. Do you know what weight of nails you had in your manufactory. - A. I had two hundred weight in on the 27th of September, there had been none of them used on the night of the 5th of October, one bag was nearly emptied.
Q. Does the nails lost correspond with the quantity found. - A. As near as my ideas can recollect; I do not believe there is another nail among them, I have examined the bag carefully.
Mr. Gleed. That is they are as near as you can guess, it is a common cart nail. - A. It is a common cart nail.
Q. You have them from the manufacturer, which manufacturer supplies other wheelwrights of course. - A. Yes.
Prisoner's Defence. I found these nails about one or two o'clock, in Brook's Market, Brook's street.
Jury. (to Jones) Which way was he coming from. - A. From Brook's-street, I took him at the corner of Red-Lion-street, coming from Brook-street.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
