






558. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HALSTEAD
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of July
, twenty pounds weight of sugar, value 18s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PLUMER
               



             sworn. - On Thursday night last, I was standing at the corner of Carthusian-Street, speaking to a friend; I saw a young man walking backwards and forwards several times, that was the prisoner, Davis; I turned myself round and watched him, as I thought he had a suspiciousappearance; I then saw a person go off the step of Mr. Smith's door, that was Halstead, Davis stood between two and three yards from the door; Davis said to the other, give it to me; I then saw him give him a very large lump of sugar; upon that, I informed Mr. Smith of it; I am sure the prisoners are the two men.


                  JAMES 
                  RAINVOY
               



             sworn. - I was coming through Charter-house-square: The prisoner ran past me with a lump of sugar; they turned towards the Charter-house, and threw the sugar against the railing; I lost sight of them after that, but I am sure they are the persons.


                  JOHN 
                  AINSWORTH
               



             sworn. - (Produces the sugar). I am a porter: I was coming past at the time, and had charge of the prisoners from Mr. Smith.


                  CHARLES 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - This is my sugar; it is sugar for refining; I am in the confectionary line; I can swear to it, it is a coarse rough sugar; I had missed it; in about twenty minutes after, they were brought back, with, I dare say, a hundred people; I cannot say which of them it was that brought them back.
The prisoners, in their defence, said they were innocent of the charge.
The prisoner, Davis, called one witness, who gave him a good character.
Halstead, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 20.)
Davis, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 22.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
