





237. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WATERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of February
, two blankets, value 1 l. two sheets, value 8 s. and a counterpane, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Iredale
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging room
            .


                  SARAH 
                  IREDALE
               



            . Q. Are you the wife of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Iredale
               



            . - A. Yes. I live at No. 20, Queen street, Golden Square


. On the second of February, the prisoner took a room of me.
Q. What room did he take. - A. A room across the yard, it formerly was part of a shop, we made it into a sleeping room; he took it by the week, and was to pay 3 s. 6 d. a week.
Q. Of course you expected him to stay one week. - A. Yes, he took it on the second, and slept there on the third of February.
Q. Did you ever see him after the third. - A. Not till I met him in Carnaby street on the eleventh.
Q. Did he give you any intimation that he was going. - A. No.
Q. I suppose he only wanted the room to sleep in. - A. No; he had for his use in the room, two blankets, a counterpane, and two sheets. On the next morning I went into his room to make the bed, I found the sheets, blankets, and the counterpane was gone, and a large quantity of horse-dung left, which had been emptied out of an handkerchief; when he came he had a large bundle in a handkerchief; which I supposed to be his clothes, and a great basket, that I supposed to be his tools; he said he was a carpenter. When I met him in Carnaby street, I spoke to him, I said you are the man that robbed me, he said he had not, I said I would take my oath he was the man, he said if I would let him go he would fetch me the bed clothes; I laid hold of him, he drew me into the middle of the street. I called Mr. Marshall, whom I knew in the market, he came and secured him.


                  JOHN 
                  FOY
               



            . I am an officer of Marlborough street. I searched the prisoner's other lodgings, Marybone court, he lodged there with his wife; we found the things relating to this charge at the pawnbrokers.


                  JOHN 
                  FAROM
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Marriot, pawnbroker. I took in these blankets on the fourth of February, of the prisoner Waters, I lent him nine shillings on them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am an officer of Marlborough street, I produce two sheets, they were brought by the prisoner's wife to Marlborough street.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. My wife paid for the sheets.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
