





229. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     CRAIG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of February
, a pewter quart pot, value 1s. 6d. and six pewter pint pots, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dickinson
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DICKINSON
               



             sworn. - I am a publican
; I keep the Bald-faced Stag
 in Worship-square


: On Sunday morning last, as I was gathering in my pots, about ten o'clock in the morning, I had six pint pots, and one quart, upon my string; I hung them across a post at a customer's; when I came back, the strap and all was gone; upon that, I set off running till I came to the back of Long-alley; I saw two women before me, and I ran past them; I turned again, and saw that the prisoner, apparently, had a bundle before her, under her cloak; I asked her what she had got there; she refused to let me look; I turned her cloak on one side, and saw the strap hang; I told her she had got pots there; she said, yes, she was a pot-girl, and was collecting her pots in; I asked her to let me look at the name on the pots, I then saw my own name; I told her I would swear to the name, and then I took her to the officer; I knew nothing of the prisoner before.


                  JOHN 
                  RAY
               



             sworn. - I am an officer, (produces the pots); I went to search her lodgings, and found a saucepan-lid, which had been used for running down metal; there were three or four very large covers, some of them having the pewter sticking about them. (The pots were deposed to by the prosecutor).
Prisoner's defence. It is the very first time I ever was guilty of any thing in my life; I have got four fatherless children; one is in Bartholomew's-hospital with a broken arm, two of them are in the workhouse, and my biggest girl, I do not know where she is; I hope you will shew me mercy, for the sake of my children. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
