






376. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     RANDALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 30th of April

, two reams of paper, value 14 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Longman
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Dickinson
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  PASSLEY
               




            , for 


               feloniously receiving the same, he knowing them to have been stolen
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  NICHOLAS 
                  DAVIS
               



            . - Mr. Gurney. What are you. - A. I am a porter, I stand at the top of Fleet market. On Saturday the 30th of April, a little before eight o'clock in the morning, I was at the top of Fleet market.
Q. Did you see the prisoner Randall come from Ludgate hill. - A. I did; he came from the hill, and came upon the stand, and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Passley
               



             was close to him at the time he received the parcel.
Q. You know Messrs. Longman's and Dickinson's. - Yes, it is of the other side of Ludgate church; he was coming from their warehouse.
Q. When he came to Passley, what did he say to Passley. - A. He asked him to take them two reams of paper for him to Goldsmith street.
Q. Where is that place. - A. Near the King's printing office near Gough square. Passley asked him if he did not know the way; he said if you do not, if you will go with me and pay me I will shew you. Then they parted from the street and went into Mr. Temple's wine vaults the corner of Fleet street.
Q. Did you know Randall before. - A. I have seen him come out of Longman's and Dickinson's, I knew he was their porter. They did not remain long in the wine vaults; Randall came out first and Passley almost immediately followed without any reams of paper, he went in again and took out one; he took it down to Mr. Goddard's, wax and tallow chandler; he went into two or three shops first; when he came out of Mr. Goddard's he left the paper behind him. I then followed him up to Harp alley; and then I came up to my stand, I saw him come up to the wine vaults and take out the other ream of paper; he went to Mr. Goddards with it; I saw Mr. Goddard receive the paper and give him some money.
Q. Did you see him join Randall afterwards. - A. No, I did not; then I told the officer what I had seen, and that I would go with him and shew him from where the property was stolen; I went to Mr. Longman's and gave the information, and afterwards I went to Mr. Goddard's shop door, but I did not go in.
Randall. - Q. Did you see me give the paper to Passley. - A. No, you went into the liquor shop the corner of Fleet market, you had the paper then.
Passley Q. Did you see me receive the paper from Randall A. No.
Q. Did you know the paper to have been stolen then. - A. by his saying take the paper to Goldsmith street, I suspected it.
Passley. If I had known the paper to have been stolen, I should have concealed it.
MR. GODDARD. - Mr. Gurney. On Saturday the 30th of April, did the prisoner Passley bring any paper to your house. - A. Yes, two reams of paper. I had seen the prisoner twice before that. He came to me that morning, he asked me if I wanted any paper; I asked him the price, he said twelve shillings, six shillings a ream; I asked him how he came by it, he said he had it by the waggon from the country, it was returned for goods sent; he appeared like a waggoner; I had no suspicion of him.
Q. He brought you two reams and you paid him twelve shillings. - A. I did.
Q. Shortly after Mr. Ford, Mr. Longman's clerk, came and you gave him the paper. - A. I did.


                  THOMAS 
                  RICHARDS
               



            . - Mr. Gurney. What are you. - A. I am a porter of Fleet market. On the morning of the 30th of April, I was in the wine vaults; I saw Passley's coat laying in that open place and a ream of paper upon it; I went to the end of Fleet market, I saw the first witness.
Q. Did you see any thing either of Passley or Randall afterwards. - A. Yes, I saw Passley come and fetch the paper away about an hour after that; he and I were together and Randall came up to him; I did not observe what Passley said, I was then four or five paces off. I observed them talk slightly together; I saw Passley put his hand in his pocket and give 
               Randall
             some money, I could not see how much, it was about half after nine o'clock when he gave the money, and about eight o'clock when he fetched the paper away.
CHRISTOPHER STADLEY I am an officer, I received the paper from Messrs. Longman and Dickinson.
MR. FORD. I am clerk to 
               
                  George 
                  Longman
               



            , and John Dickinson. Randall has been their porter for about a twelvemonth; from information, I perceived two or three reams of paper missing; I received the paper from Mr. Goddard; it is the property of Messrs. Longman and Dickinson.
Q. What is the value of the paper - A. Fourteen orfifteen shillings.
Randall's Defence. I did not take the paper, it was given to me in Ludgate-street by 
               
                  James 
                  Mills
               



            , he desired me to carry it down Fleet market; I took it to the gin shop, and delivered it to 
               
                  Robert 
                  Passley
               



            ; I did not sell it nor did I receive the money for two hours afterwards and Mills had a part.
Passley's Defence. I took the two reams of paper to Mr. Goddard's shop, and received twelve shillings; I returned the money to this man; I did not know that they were stolen.
RANDALL, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 37.





               Confined Fourteen Days in Newgate
            , and 



               fined One Shilling
            .
PASSLEY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
