





535. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of June
, six yards of lace, value 5l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Landsdale
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  LANDSDALE
               



             sworn. - I am a linendraper and laceman
, No. 12, Lower Brook-street


; I can only swear to the lace.
ROBERT MANSBRIDGE sworn. - I am a sprucebeer brewer, I live next door to Mr. Landsdale: On Saturday evening, the 20th of June, I had a great deal of beer going out, and I was going backwards and forwards, looking for my porter as I was to send out my goods; I saw the prisoner at the bar with two other boys, one shorter and the other taller than himself; the tallest boy had the appearance of a groom; I law them looking at one window and another; my truck was standing at the door, and they were playing round the truck several times; I went in again to my parlour window, and I saw them cross the way several times, and several times I saw them all three at my neighbour's shop window, which is a bow front; I saw Mr. Landsdale go out, and then two young ladies came to the door; the boys continued at the window, the prisoner was moving backwards and forwards. and then I saw something like a shade, of white fall from the side of the window; I immediately went out and saw the boys; the prisoner was the middle one of the three, they moved away immediately; I followed them, and finding they gained upon me, I ran and cried stop thief, the prisoner immediately took something from his bosom, and threw it away into the area, which leads to the King's-arms public-house; I followed him to the corner of Davies-street; I called to a man to stop him, but he let him pass him; he went into a mews in Davies-street, where there was a man with a dung-fork in his hand, and he stopped him; I asked him where his companions were, and he said he had none; he cried very much, I brought him back, and heard a voice say, that the lace was picked up; I think the person said, my waiter has got it; it was brought back, and Mrs. Landsdale missed the lace; a constable was sent for, and he was taken to Marlborough-street.
Q. How far is it from your house to Davies-street? - A. But a few houses.
Q. Did you know the voice you spoke of? - A. I rather think it was the master of the coffee-house, Mr. Southey.


                  DAVID 
                  HANMER
               



             sworn. - I live waiter, at Mr. Southey's coffee-house and tavern, in Lower Brook-street; I heard a cry of stop thief. I ran out immediately; a gentleman on houseback said, there was the property; I picked it up in the area, it was thrown over a water-butt, and laid partly upon the water-hut; and partly upon the area rails.
Q. Who has the lace? - A. Mr. Lansdale; I delivered it to my master.
Q. Is he here? - A. No.
Q.(To Mr. Lansdale.) What you produce here, you received from Mr. Southey? - A. Yes, (produces the lace;) it was drawn through a screw-hole of the window; it appeard to have been done by a wire; the card upon which it was, was left in the window; I am positive it is my lace.
Prisoner's defence. I was coming past, and saw two boys standing at the window; I saw them run; I heard a cry of stop thief; I ran after them; I saw one of them throw away the lace, and as I was running after them, there came a groom and stopped me.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not privately
            , aged 13.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
