





118. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WHITMORE, alias 
BEVERLEY




            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of December
, a set of bed furniture, value 7l. a pair of sheets, value 2l. and a counterpane, value 30s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Teasdale
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
Second Count. For stealing the like goods, charging it to be in a lodging-room.


                  ANN 
                  TEASDALE
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of John Teasdale, who keeps a house
 in Featherstone-buildings, Holborn


: On the 3d of December last, the prisoner took an apartment in our house, about four o'clock in the afternoon, and came in about six; I had sent for his character, but the messenger had not returned; he went out again about eight o'clock, and I found the inner door locked, which I did not get open till eleven o'clock, and then I missed the whole of the bed furniture, a pair of sheets, and a white cotton counterpane; hewas to pay me one pound eight shillings per week for the lodging; I had no doubt at all about him.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Have you ever found any of your things since? - A. Yes.
Q. If he took these things, he might have taken them at several times? - A. I have reason to believe he took them all at once.


                  DAVID 
                  PERRYMAN
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Messrs. Berry and Patmore, pawnbrokers, in St. Martin's-lane; the prisoner offered me some
 things on the 7th of December; I had a suspicion of him, and detained him; after I had stopped him, I recollected an advertisement from Bow-street, and I sent to Mr. Teasdale.


                  JOHN 
                  SPINCKES
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Spinckes, a pawnbroker, (produces a pair of sheets, a counterpane, and curtains;) I cannot say whether the prisoner is the person who pledged them.
Q. Have you any doubt of it? - A. Yes, I have.
Q. Look at the prisoner again? - A. He is so altered in his dress, that I cannot say he is the man; they were pledged in the name of Lumley; I cannot say that I believe the prisoner is the man.
Q. Do you believe him to be the man? - A. I do not.
Q. When did you see him at Bow-street? - A. About a fortnight after.
Q. Had you any doubt then? - A. Yes, I had; for I did not write the ticket myself.
Q. If you form any belief upon the subject, it is that he is not the man? - A. Yes, I must say that.
Court. Q. You were examined at Bow-street before Mr. Robinson, the Magistrate? - A. Yes.
Q. Had you any doubt at that time? - A. Yes, I did express a doubt before Mr. Robinson.
Q. Take care, young man, I hold in my hand your examination before the Magistrate, and I will read your words: "And the said John Spinckes, for himself, says, that on Friday, the 4th of December, the prisoner Whitmore came to their shop, and pledged the said bed furniture, sheets counterpane, and curtains, now produced, for four pounds, in the name of 
               
                  James 
                  Lumley
               



            ?" - A. I must beg leave to say it is entirely a mistake.
Court. Q. You are in a business which may, and has been, carried on very honourably, but it is frequently carried on very much otherwise; you are but a young man, and I advise you to be cautious - now look at the prisoner? - A. That was a mistake.
Q. Is not this your hand-writing? (shewing him his signature to the examination.) - A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  BLY
               



             sworn. - I was sent for by Mr. Perryman to take the prisoner into custody.(The property was identified by Mrs. Teasdale.)
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.



               GUILTY
            , on the Second Count.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
