





714. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of September
, a counterpane, value 8s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Raymond
                  




               
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  RAYMOND
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Raymond
               



            ; I lodge at No. 1, Richmond-street, St. James's


: On Tuesday the 8th of September, I hung a counterpane up to dry, about nine o'clock in the morning, upon some leads, up three-pair-of-stairs; I saw it when I went out about three o'clock in the afternoon; I returned between five and six, and the prisoner was then in St. Ann's watch-house; I went and saw the counterpane there; it was delivered back to me. -(Produces it.)


                  SARAH 
                  MACKENZIE
               



             sworn. - I lodge in the same house: On the 8th of September, about five o'clock, I heard a person fall down stairs; the house door is generally open; I was in my own room on the second floor; I went out, and found the prisoner lying at the bottom of the stairs, with the counterpane in her lap; she said she had been up to some person, and mentioned a name; I asked her where she got the counterpane, and she made me no reply; I sent for the watch-housekeeper, and she was taken to the watch-house, with the counterpane. Mrs. Raymond came homein about half an hour; she went to the watch-house, and claimed the counterpane.(The counterpane was identified by Mrs. Raymond.)
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            , aged 46.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
