






73. 
               
                  JOSHUA 
                  THATCHER
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HARFIELD
               




             we e indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of November
, a pig, value 15s.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  May
               




            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  THOMAS 
                  MAY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp.
Q. You are a publican and shopkeeper
, at Shepperton? - A. I am: On Sunday, the 1st of November, about half past twelve o'clock at night, I was waked; I got up, went down stairs, and found Thatcher in custody.
Mrs. MAY sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp.
Q. Are you the wife of the last witness? - A. Yes: On Sunday, the 1st of November, I was alarmed by a noise in the pig-sty; I looked out at the window, and saw the sow in the yard, without any pigs; I saw four pigs after dusk in the evening; I heard somebody in the hog-sty, I then got out of bed, and called Pearce and Butcher; I desired them to get up; they got up immediately, and took their guns; the prisoner had been in our house that evening; they left the house about eleven o'clock, with two more; one of my pigs was brought to me by a neighbour or Sunday morning, stuck in two places; I knew it to be mine.


                  JOHN 
                  PEARCE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp.
Q. You lodged at Mr. May's? - A. Yes; she called Butcher and me up; we took a gun a-piece, and went down stairs; I saw Thatcher come out of the sty; he made away to the other side of the yard, and my partner met him and pushed him down with the but-end of the gun, and then I came in upon him and assisted to secure him; Harfield then ran out of the sty; Thatcher had a drawn knife in his hand, with which he attempted to stab me in the throat; his hand was coming so, (describing it), when I seized his wrist, and saved the blow; we then got him in doors; Harfield made his escape; he was taken about three weeks afterwards; I knew them both before.
(Jesse Butcher carroborated the evidence of the last witness.)


                  THOMAS 
                  HALLIDAY
               



             sworn. - I apprehended Harfield, Mr. May was with me; he said to Mr. May, take care you are not tiled in.
May. I was with Halliday; he said to Harfield, you are a pretty fellow, we have got you now; Harfield said, d - n me, if I don't do for you; when I brought Thatcher in doors, I said, you are a blackguard and a scoundrel to use me in this manner, when I have been a friend to you divers times; he said, you may be d - d; d - n my eyes if I live to come back, if I don't do you; and if I do not, there shall be somebody left behind that shall.
Thatcher's defence. I went to lie down in the harn, but as to the pigs, I know nothing about them; I was very much in liquor.
Harfield's defence. I was very much in liquor,and when I left Mr. May's house, I went home to my lodging.
Thatcher, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.
Harfield, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
