





514. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     JAMES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 11th of July
, a sow, value 2 l. and seven pigs, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wheatley
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WHEATLEY
               



            . I live at Bayswater


, I keep the whole house, I am a butcher
.
Q. Did you lose a sow and pigs at any time - A. Yes, on the 11th of July, I was called up in the morning about thee o'clock by 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Haines
               



            .
Q. Had you seen your sow and pigs on the over night - A. I saw them about ten o'clock, they were safe then in the stye in the yard.
Q. Was it easy for any person to come into the yard - A. Yes, it was easy for any person to come in at the gate.
Q. Had you more than one sow and seven pigs - A. Not at that time; I had three pigs stole from me a fortnight before; the sow had ten pigs; I had no more than a sow and seven pigs that morning; I found them all gone, and the back of the stye broke down; I went down the road about two hundred yards towards London; I saw the sow and pigs, 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Haines
               



            ' husband was in possession of the pigs.
Q. Did you see the prisoner - A. Yes, he was with Haines; Haines told me in his hearing that he had got the sow and pigs from him; I said to him how could you think of robbing a poor man like me; he told me he would take the teeth out of my head, he said he never saw them; I put the sow and pigs in the stye: I stopped till I thought the office was open, then I got an officer. There were people left with him.
Q. Where did this man live - A. Just opposite, about five yards from my stye, he is a shoemaker
.
Q. Was he sober at this time - A. I cannot say whether he was or no; he had not been sober for a great while before; I used to go out to work and my wife too; he has fed the sow and pigs for me.
Q. Then he must know they were yours - A. He knew the sow and pigs as well as I did myself; I have kept the sow and pigs ever since.
Cross-examined by Mr. Walford. Who did you buy the sow of - A. I bought it of 
               
                  John 
                  King
               



            , who was tried here for sheep stealing.
Q. Then this man was coming with Haines, who was driving the pigs to your house, when you saw Haines coming with him was he forcing him - A. Yes.
Q. Had he hold of him - A. No.
Q. Then how could he be forcing him - A. He would not leave him.
Q. Your pig stye was broken open at three o'clock - what time did you go to the office - A. At eight o'clock.
Q. Then there was five hours that this man might have ran away if he liked - A. No, there were neighbours with him in the public house.
Q. What do you mean by telling me that he never saw the pigs when, he was driving them home - A. He told me that he never saw these pigs till he saw the man with him.
Q. What man was that - A. The man that run away.

Q. You say he was not sober for a good while before - A. After I lost the three other pigs he had not been sober a day.


                  JAMES 
                  HAINES
               



            . I am a labouring man; my house is about an hundred yards from Wheatley's. On Monday morning me and my wife had staid late at a friend's; I was walking up Oxford street towards Bayswater with my wife, and just before I came to Park lane, I saw a sow and seven pigs, and the prisoner and another man driving them; they turned them down Park lane.
Q. They were driving them in a contrary direction to Bayswater - A. Yes. I asked the prisoner how he came by them pigs; he said he was going to Smithfield the back way; that gave me suspicion the pigs were stolen; I told the prisoner they were Wheatley's pigs; he answered they was not; he said there were eight or nine in the drove, and Wheatley had but seven; I told him I was not satisfied.
Q. How far was the other man from him at the time this conversation past - A. Fifty yards or better; he was going on with the pigs; I ran after the other man; he followed me; when I came up I saw they were Wheatley's sow and pigs, I knew the sow and pigs; I said to the man where did you get the sow and pigs from; he lifted up his whip with both his hands and said what is that to you; the prisoner was by at the time; I drew back, else he would have struck me; I said it was nothing to me; I then went to the head of the pigs and walked before them; I thought if I could get him as far as the watch box the watchman and I would be able to take him; then the man ran away; I followed him and halloaed out watch.
Q. That man made his escape - A. Yes. When I came back I found the prisoner along with the sow and pigs, standing in Park-lane; I asked him how he came to be so bad as to take the poor man's sow and pigs; he said he did not know the sow and pigs; he came to look for his onions, some men had stole his onions. He came on very quietly to Bayswater; we could have took the other man if he would have assisted, instead of which he run in between my wife and the other man. The prisoner said when he came back to Bayswater, to Wheatley, that he would never have found his pigs again if it had not been for him; for me and my wife had them.
Cross examined by Mr. Walford. The prisoner was walking with the other man, did not you ask the prisoner who the pigs belonged to - A. I did.
Q. Did not he say they belonged to the other man - A. No; he did not.
Q. This man had no whip or stick. How long had they been walking together - A. That I cannot say. The other man had a whip, the prisoner had none.
Q. That moment you came up you saw them talking together - A. Yes.
Q. Was the prisoner near enough to see this man lift up the whip against you - A. I think he was.
Q. When you asked him how he could take this poor man's sow and pigs, the first word he said was that he was come after a man that had stole his onions - A. He did not say that till we got back to Bayswater. Me and my wife drove the sow and pigs to Bayswater; he followed us quietly.
COURT. Did the prisoner run up to your assistance when he saw the man aim at you - A. He did not.
MRS. HAINES. Q. How far is the prosecutor's house from the turnpike - A. About half mile.
Q. Had you and your husband been in London on the 10th of July - A. Yes; we had been to see some friends in Camel's buildings, Orchard street. On returning home we saw the pigs opposite of Park lane.
Q. Did you know the sow and pigs - A. I told my husband they were Wheatley's sow and pigs.
Q. What direction were they then in when you first saw them - A. They were coming up Oxford street; they turned down Park lane when we first saw them; they were going into London. My husband went up to the prisoner and said Charles, how comes this; he said the man was going to drive the pigs to Smithfield the back way; my husband said they were Wheatley's sow and pigs; he said, no, because Wheatley had seven, and here was eight or nine in that drove; my husband was not satisfied; he ran after the pigs, as the man had drove them on; he got up to the man, tapped him on the arm, and said my friend where did you get these pigs from.
Q. How far were you and the prisoner from them - A. The prisoner was close by me; I could see him lift up the handle part of the whip; my husband went on rather before, thinking to meet with a watchman; when he came to the watch box facing of Wood's Mews, Park lane, this man made off; 
               
                  Charles 
                  James
               



             ran between me and him; I said to my husband this man is run away; he told me to call watch.
Q. Did the prisoner give you any assistance to stop him - A. No. I run down Green street into Norfolk street after the man, till I could run no farther; when I came back into Park lane the prisoner stood in the same spot where I had left him; the sow had got out of the road; she was laying down near the road suckling her pigs; the prisoner abused me; he said it was d - nation odd that me and my husband should know the pigs without being concerned in it, and so he continued till I got very nigh home, and then I went and fetched Mr. Wheatley.
Q. Did he at all account how he was out at that time of the night - A. Not till we got home; then he went into his own place; he brought out a handful of onions and said he had followed the man that had stolen his onions.
Q. Did he say who the man was - A. He did not.
Q. When the pigs were discovered and after this man had run away, did he go after the man that stole the onions - A. No; he never said any thing about it till he got to his own premises. The sow and pigs were delivered over to Wheatley; we have got a witness here that saw him gather the onions.
Q. to prosecutor. What was the value of this sow and pigs - A. Six pound altogether.


                  HARRY 
                  HOLMES
               



            . I am a coachmaker's sawyer when I can get it to do. Upon this alarm I went out in the road; I heard the prisoner abuse this man and woman with language that is not fit to be used; he went into the garden and pulled up the onions himself by handfulls; he brought them out and trembled like an aspen leaf; he said that this man wanted to take the onions.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw this witness in the morning part of that day; he will swear any thing; he says he is a coachmaker's sawyer; he is a pig bigler.MR. WIGGETT. Q. Were you coming to London on the night these pigs were stole - A. No, I was going home; I met the prisoner alone, just through Bayswater turnpike, it was about half past two o'clock in the morning; I saw no pigs at all. I said to him is that you, he made me no answer; I am a lamp lighter.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LUCY
               



            . I am a watchman on the Edgeware road.
Q. Did you see the prisoner on the Edgeware road - A. There was a man came down the road, I do not think it was the prisoner; I saw but one man; I challenged the man, I asked him where he brought the pigs from; I called the turnpike man out, he gave me a rough answer; so I did not stop talking with him; the turnpike man said there was another man on the other side. It was a small white sow, with five or six pigs; they were coming towards London.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 46.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
