





730. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GLEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of July
, two chaisecushions, value 18s.
             the property of Tho Coleman.


                  THOMAS 
                  COLEMAN
               




             sworn. - I keep a chandler shop
 in Westmoreland-street, Marybone; I hired a one-horse chaise for some people to go out in that were at my house; between five and six o'clock in the morning the chaise was brought to the door without the horse; it rained; the man told me I might have the horse; it rained; the man told me I might have the horse when I chose; I went into the street and looked at the chaise, and saw there were two cushions in it of a drab colour, trimmed with broad and narrow worsted lace of different colours; a little after six I went to look at the chaise and the cushions were gone.
WILLIAM OKEY sworn. - On the 6th of July I saw the prisoner standing with two cushions at the door of an old iron shop; some person let him in; I stood till I saw him come out again without the cushions; they were of a drab colour, the lace was broad and narrow of different colours.
WILLIAM-WALTER WALLIS sworn. - On Monday morning, the 6th of July, I saw the prisoner start with two cushions under his arm; knowing the prisoner by sight, I said to him, what is the matter with you, for he was in a stooping posture; he said I have got a bad pain in my back this morning; and while I spoke, Smith, who keeps an iron shop, opened the door to him; they were of a drab colour; the prisoner was taken before seven o'clock; but they were gone from Smith's.

THOMAS CHRISTIE sworn. - I am a painter and glazier; On the 6th of July I went in search of the prisoner, and happened to meet with him at the constable's door; I said, that is the man, and the constable laid hold of him immediately, and took him to the Three Compasses, and there he told me that he had taken the cushions out of the chaise, and sold them to Smith.
Q. What time might this be? - A.As near eight o'clock as possible.
Q. Had you made him any promises? - A. No.
Q.Nor threats? - A. No.
- PRIDDEY sworn. - I am a constable; I apprehended the prisoner; he acknowledged that he had stole these cushions, and sold them to Smith.
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing at all of the cushions. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
