





706. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of August
, a watch, value 20s. and two sheets, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Lucas
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  HANNAH 
                  LUCAS
               



             sworn. - I am a widow, No. 20, Quebec-street


: On the 14th of August last, I lost a watch and a pair of sheets; the sheets are here.
JOHN HAYNES sworn. - I am a calico-glazer: On the 14th of August, a little after eight o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner coming out of the back window of Mrs. Lucas's house; when he got out, he went into the privy with a bundle; I went down stairs, and he was going along the passage into the street; as soon as he shut the door, I went out after him; I told him to lay down the bundle; he said he should not; and immediately ran away down North Portman-Mews into Baker's-Mews; I lost sight of him for about a minute; when I got sight of him, he was upon a dunghill, in the Mews; I made towards him, and he towards me; he asked me what was the matter; I immediately collared him, and told him he knew what was the matter; I held the prisoner, and saw a young man take the sheets out of the dunghill; I took him back to Mrs. Lucas's, and found that she had lost a watch; he said he would tell where the watch was if she would forgive him; upon that he was taken to the watch-house; he never told where the watch was.
- OSBORNE sworn. - I saw the prisoner with a bundle under his arm; I heard the cry of stop thief, and saw him taken.
JAMES CLARKE sworn. - I heard the prisoner say he would tell where the watch was if Mrs. Lucas would forgive him; I told her if she did, she would be as bad as him, for she would be compounding felony; we then took him to the watch-house.
JOHN LUCAS sworn. - I am the son of the prosecutrix; the prisoner told me if I and another lad of my size would go with him, he would shew us where the watch was.(Henry Betts, the officer, produced the sheets, which were identified by Mrs. Lucas.
The prisoner put in a written defence, declaring his innocence of the crime with which he was accused. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
