





56. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     LAZARUS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of November
, two pair of leather breeches, value 40s. and a trunk, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Walter 
                     Powell
                  




               
            , Esq.




                  WALTER 
                  POWELL
               



            , Esq. sworn. - I was robbed, but know nothing of the circumstances, I can only identify the property.


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



             sworn. - I am groom to Mr. Powell; On the 8th of November, I put two pair of leather breeches into a trunk, at Enfield, and corded it up, and put a direction to it, for Mr. 
               
                  Walter 
                  Powell
               



            , Lombard-street; I sent it by the Enfield stage, and saw it again at the Matision-house, three days after.
Mr. Knapp. Q. There is more than one Enfield stage, I believe? - A. Yes.
Q. What was the name of the person you sent the trunk by to the coach? - A.John.
Q. He is not here? - A. No.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHAPMAN
               



             sworn. - I drive the Enfield stage, belonging to Mr. Glover; on the 8th of November, I received a trunk, directed to Mr. 
               
                  Walter 
                  Powell
               



            , about a quarter before four from the booking house, which I put into the boot; when I came to the Bull-inn, Bishopsgate-street, the box was stolen, I missed it, and the prisoner was caught.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You set off at four o'clock? - A. Yes.
Q. You came through Edmonton to the Flower pot? - A. Yes.
Q. How many times did you stop between Enfield and Bishopsgate-street? - A. Only when I took up, or set down.
Q. When did you miss the trunk? - A. It was in the boot at shoreditch-church.
Q. Did you see it again before it was stolen? - A. No, I saw it next Mr. Jones's, a hair-dresser.


                  THOMAS 
                  NICHOL
               



             sworn. - I belong to Mr. Wigan, of Crosby-square; On the 8th of November, I heard the cry of stop thief as I stood in Clarke's-court; I saw the prisoner coming across the road, in Bishopsgate-street, with a trunk on his shoulder; three or four yards before he came to me, he threw down the trunk, and turned through Clarke's-court; I caught hold of him by the jacket, but could not hold him, he ran, crying, stop, thief, as well as rest of the people, till he was stopped.
Mr. Knapp. Q. You had never seen the prisoner before? - A. No.
Q. This was near seven o'clock, and Bishopsgate-street is a wide street - can you swear to him? - A. Yes, I swear that is the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DOCKER
               



             sworn. - On the 8th of November, about half past six o'clock, I heard the cry of stop thief, I went to my door, in St. Maryaxe, and the prisoner came round the corner, calling, stop thief; I did not see any person running before him, upon which I followed and took him; a man came up and said, sir, that is not the man; I expected a rescue, and I got assistance; Mr. Nichols came up then, and said, the prisoner was the man; he begged hard for me to let him go, saying, he had a wife and family.
Mr. Knapp. Q. He had no trunk? - A. No.
Q. A man said, he was not the man? - A. Yes.
Q. You did not know the prisoner? - A. No.
- MULLINS sworn. - I am constable of Bread-street Ward, and took the prisoner into custody. (The property produced and identified.)


                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               



             sworn. I live at the corner of the Green-dragon, in Bishopsgate-street, and picked the trunk up, near the end of Clarke's-court; seeing the direction on it, I took it home.
Prisoner's defence. I was coming through Bishopsgate-street, and heard the cry of stop thief, and I run as well as the rest, seeing another man run before Me. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
