





2. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     MICHAEL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of October
, a handkerchief, value 3s. the property of 
                     
                        William-Morley 
                        Evans
                     




                  , privily from his person
            .
WILLIAM-
               
                  MORLEY 
                  EVANS
               



             sworn. - I am a ship broker
: On Thursday, the 28th of October, about ten or eleven o'clock in the morning, I lost my handkerchief in Cannon-street


, I was going towards the Bank; as I was passing Mr. Atkinson's, a surgeon, in Cannon-street, I heard a voice calling, stop, or sir, I am not certain which, and on turning round, Mr. Atkinson said to me, sir, have you lost your handkerchief, he was on the threshold of his door; I felt in my pocket, and missed a silk handkerchief; I immediately saw the prisoner near the kirb stone, on a line with Mr. Atkinson, and my handkerchief at his feet; I had got about the length of Mr. Atkinson's shop window; I picked up the handkerchief, and knew it to be mine; it was ravelled at the edge, and one side was hemmed the wrong side by the servant.
Q. Did you not perceive it go from your pocket? - A. No.
Q. Were you sensible of any thing moving at your pocket? - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. How long had you had the handkerchief? - A. Not above two days.
Q. Is the servant here who hemmed the handkerchief? - A. No.
Q. Is she in your service now? - A. No.
Q. The prisoner is a cripple, is he not? - A. do not think he is; he attempted to be a cripple as he was going along.
Mr. ATKINSON sworn. - On Thursday, the 28th of October, I was standing at my door, and saw Mr. Evans, and the prisoner behind him; I saw the prisoner distinctly draw a handkerchief out of his pocket, and put it behind him; I took hold of the prisoner, and called after Mr. Evans, and he claimed the handkerchief; I did not see him throw it down.(
               
                  Samuel 
                  Porter
               



            , a Marshalman, produced the handkerchief.)
Mr. Evans. I have no doubt of this being my handkerchief.
The prisoner left his defence to this Counsel.
GUILTY, aged 12.
Of 


               stealing the handkerchief, but not privily from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
