





506. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WACY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of June
, a pocketbook, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Newhouse
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  NEWHOUSE
               



             sworn. - I am a worsted - weaver
: On Friday the 18th of June, between one and two o'clock in the day, I was robbed of my pocket-book, in Leadenhall-street


; I was looking at a print-shop, the corner of Cree-church; I had not stopped half a minute before I found something rush past me, which gave me a suspicion; I directly put my hand to my pocket, and missed my pocket book; I directly turned on the right-hand, and saw the prisoner with it in his hand; I pursued him, and as soon as he found I was close upon him, he hurled it across the road, I picked it up immediately.
Q. What coloured pocket-book was it? - A. A black one; I never lost fight of him till he was stopped; a gentleman, who is a stranger to me, stopped him; I took him into custody and gave charge of him. (Produces the pocket book)
JOHN SMITH sworn. - I am a constable, the prisoner was delivered into my custody, by Mr. Newhouse; I know nothing of the transaction.
Prisoner's defence. I was going down Fenchurch-street, and heard a sing out of stop thief, and two gentlemen stopped me; I am quite an innocent man, it is a malicious piece of business; my uncle and aunt are now lying bad of a fever; I very lately came from sea.

Q. 
            (To Newhouse.) Did you know any thing of the prisoner before? - 
               A. 
            Never in my life.

Q. 
            Are you sure he is the man? - A. Yes; and he told me I had sworn his life away, and I should not be guilty of the like again.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
