





204. 
               
                  ABRAHAM 
                  COHEN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of January
, three watches, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  David 
                  Windsor
               




            .


                  DAVID 
                  WINDSOR
               



             sworn. - Q. What are you? - A. I am a pawnbroker
, I live in the Minories


: About the 20th of January the prisoner applied to me about some watches; he looked them over, we could not agree about the price; he therefore went away; a week after he came again, and looked over them again, and made a further advance in his offer; each time I put them away under lock and key; I did not miss them directly, but some time after a Mr. Sanderland called upon me, and told me he had been robbed by a man of the name of Jacobs; his name is Jacobs, not Cohen; he asked me if I knew a man named Jacobs; I told him I had known him several years; he requested I would look over that lot I had shewed him, to see if I had been robbed; I looked them over, and missed three watches out of forty; one of the watches I have since seen, and the others I have not; that is all I know; the other witness will tell you how he came by the watch.
Q. Are you sure that nobody had access to the watches but yourself? - A. No, nobody.
A. Where were they deposited? - A. They were kept in the parlour; nobody had access to them but me; they were only taken out twice to shew him; I presume he took them the second time, but I cannot tell.
Prisoner. Marcus Levi told me he saw a lot of your's; you are in the habit of shewing lots to different traders; your wife was there; have you not known me to be in the dealing line? - A. I have known you twenty years, but never sold you any thing.
Q. You have known me from my infancy? - A. Yes, I have; your father has sold me things.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LUCAS
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker: I live at No. 4, Ryder's court, Leicester-square: about the 27th of January I bought this watch of the prisoner; I have known him as long as Mr. Windsor has, and considered him as a dealer in plate and jewellery.
Q. What did you give him for it? - A. I gave him a guinea and a half for this watch and an old-fashioned necklace.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the man? - A. I have known him 20 years, and is father likewise.
Prisoner. Q. What day of the month was it you say you bought it of me? - A. I do not recollect exactly; I have not read the entry of the book.
Q. I wish you would mention the day of the week? - A. I cannot tell without I had the book with me.
Q. Was it not the 3d of February; that was the last time you bought a metal watch with a necklace; it is trifling with me? - A. I cannot tell exactly; I did buy a necklace with the watch, and I gave you a guinea and a half for them.
Q. You bought it on the 3d of February; I have not seen it since I have been brought here. (The watch produced.)
Q.(To Windsor.) Look at that watch, Mr. Windsor? - A. I am sure it is my watch; here is my private mark on it.
Q. Are you sure that it is one of the watches that you shewed to the prisoner? - A. Yes; I have had the watch too long not to have known it.
Prisoner. I did not know any thing about it before last night, when I was arraigned.
Windsor. I questioned him about it in Marlborough-street.
GUILTY, aged 36,
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
