






344. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BOOT
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CROZIER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th of February
, one hundred and twelve pound weight of pepper, value 3 l.
             the property of the 
               
United Company of Merchants, trading to the East-Indies




            .
Second count for like offence, the property to the jurors unknown.
The indictment was read by Mr. Bolland, and the case stated by Mr. Knapp.


                  JOHN 
                  RIDER
               



            . - Mr. Bolland. You are assistant elder in the East India Company's warehouse. - A. Yes, I had the care of all the pepper belonging to the company at Blackwall.
Q. Had you any pepper that had been brought to you by the Lord Nelson. - A. Yes, I had between two and three thousand bags.
Q. Had any of the pepper that had been brought by the Lord Nelson, been sent to the kiln. - A. Yes, I caused one hundred and twenty damaged bags to be put in parcels of five each.
Mr. Alley. I suppose you know only from your books, you have no recollection of the circumstance. - A. Yes, I know it from my own memory. On the next morning the 23d of February, one of the East-India company's caravans came to be loaded.
Mr. Bolland. How many bags were put into the caravan. - A. Sixty to the best of my knowledge.
Q. Was that pepper to be sent to the kiln to be dryed for the purpose of using it. - A. Yes, the kiln is in Cutler's street, Honnsditch, in Mr. Barnjum's yard.
Q. Do you know either of the prisoners. - A. I have seen them often with the East India company's caravans. Mr. Barnjum is a master carman; he employed them. I received a note back signifying that five were lost; when I received information that there had been but fifty five delivered instead of sixty, I went to Spitalfields watchhouse, there I examined a sack of pepper.
COURT. How many sacks did you find there. - A. One; it had been a corn sack, it contained pepper; being out of the company's sack, I could not tell what it weighed.
Q. Can you ascertain who that belonged to. - A. I should suppose the East-India company; because I do not know any other merchants that import pepper.
Q. Was the pepper damaged. - A. Yes, the company do not sell pepper in that state; there were certain things found in the pepper that corresponded with the pepper found in the Lord Nelson. In the first place it was damaged pepper, there was paddy and gram, which is something of the tea kind that grows in India, and there were some small stones and some coals, it appeared to me to be in the same state as the pepper I sent brought by the Lord Nelson.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. I take it for granted that you have a variety of pepper that is damaged. - A. Yes.
Q. Now the sack that you found this pepper in was not the company's sack. - A. No, the company's sacks are marked.

Q. If the pepper had been put in the caravan to be taken to the kiln, they were in sacks that belonged to the company - therefore if any pepper was taken away it was taken out of the caravan in the company's bags - A. Of course.
Q. You know the order given to the carman is that he do not stop on the road, the caravan has two locks on it, one is the companys lock and the other is the King's lock - A. Yes.
Q. It is not an open cart it is such a cart in which you may see them carry wild beasts about - A. Exactly so; the carman is not entrusted with the key of these locks.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I have the care of the kiln in Cutler's street, Hounsditch.
Q. Do you remember the caravan arriving at the East India warehouse - A. Yes. On the 23rd of February last; this kiln and warehouse is in Mr. Barnjum's yard; it belongs to the East India company.
Q. On the unloading was there any deficiency - A. There were fifty five, there were five deficient; I have seen the pepper that was taken from the prisoners; I knew it immediately, it was damaged pepper, there was paddy and gram amongst it; I have no doubt but it was the property of the East India company. It was in a sack marked I. Matravers and co. I knew the prisoners, they were employed as carmen by Mr. Barnjum.
Court. You know the bags in which the company imports - A. Yes; the pepper bag is larger than the corn sack; the pepper bag contains a hundred pounds neat weight when we send it to the kiln.
Q. What was the quantity of pepper found at the watchhouse - A. I did not see it weighed; I guess it to be about a hundred and twenty five pounds in my own mind.


                  ROBERT 
                  CUTTER
               



            . Q. You are locker to the customs are you not - A. Yes. On the 23rd of February I was stationed at the East India companies warehouse, Blackwall; on that day sixty bags were told into the caravan.
Q. As locker to the customs it is your duty to tell the bags as they are put into the caravan - A. I stood there for that purpose; I saw the company's lock and the Kings lock put on.


                  EDWARD 
                  LEFEVRE
               



            . Q. What are you - A. I am headborough of the parish of Spitalfields. On the 28th of February, about two o'clock in the morning, I was proceeding from the watchhouse with the patrol, our beadle, and the watchhouse keeper; we came into Wentworth street, which is in the middle of Petticoat lane; we came to the corner of the India warehouse; I heard a whispering noise down Harrow alley, upon which I let go Harts arm; he said I will cross over the way and try if he could hear what is going forward; I waited at the corner of the India warehouse half a minute, when a jew man of the name of Levi, came round the corner and ran against me; I had some knowledge of this man and he of me. Levi keeps a house in Petticoat lane; upon which I observed him have his hat on his head, and a man's hat in his hand; I thought things was not right, I crossed over the way; when I first spoke to him he seemed perfectly sober, but when I went on with him to his house about midway he appeared to be perfectly drunk; we followed him to his own steps, he went in; I desired Mr. Hart to wait with me at the corner; we had not waited one moment before the two prisoners came up with the bag of pepper; Levi's house is situated at the corner of Frying Pan alley, and they had just turned the corner of the front of the house; I ran and seized Crozier. Hart took the other with the bag of pepper; we conveyed them to the watchhouse after a deal of trouble.
Q. What passed at the time of the apprehension - A. They were asked where they got these things; they said somebody asked them to carry it, they did not know who it was nor where they were going to; there were five or six fellows at the moment we took them came with intent as I thought to rescue them; they said d - n your eyes what have you got there, what are you going to do here; the three patrols at that time were about fifty yards off with the two prisoners; Hart fell at that moment with the pepper; with a deal of difficulty I kept them off; in the end I secured the two prisoners and one other man besides, which the magistrate thought fit to let go; the prisoners behaved in an orderly manner themselves.


                  THOMAS 
                  HART
               



            . Q. You are beadle and headborough of Christ church parish, Spitalfields - A. Yes; I was with the last witness on duty in Petticoat lane; close by Mr. Levi's house we saw these two men come up; Boot had the pepper on his back, Crozier was close to him; I asked Boot what he had got there; he said he did not know; I catched hold of it, he chucked it off his shoulders; I asked him where he brought it from; he said from Whitechapel end of Petticoat lane; he was carrying it for somebody, he did not know who nor where he was going with it. At the watchhouse I untied the sack and found it was pepper; on the sack was Matravers and co. That is the sack I took from Boot, I have had it ever since.
Mr. Rider. The pepper is changed now being in the sack at the time I saw it at the watchhouse; I had no doubt but what it was the same pepper that came with the Lord Nelson, and belonged to the East India company.
The prisoners left their defence to their counsel.
Crozier called seven witnesses, who gave him a good character.
BOOT, 

               GUILTY
             aged 40.
CROZIER, 

               GUILTY
             aged 57.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Bolland.
