





493. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ELLIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 22nd of May
, two coppers, value 5 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Cook
                        




                     
                  , esq. affixed to a certain building of his, called a house
            .
Second count for like offence, only stating it to be affixed to a certain building.


                  JAMES 
                  HOLMES
               



            . I am butler to Mr. Cook, No. 21, Pall Mall


; the coppers were taken from No. 20, it was an empty house at the time.
Q. Do you know what day was these copper staken. - A. On the 22nd of May I had seen them there; three or four days before they were in a fixed state; one was in the back kitchen and the other was in the front kitchen; about seven o'clock on Friday morning I heard a noise in No. 20; it being an empty house I took the keys to go and see that every thing was right; I tried the latch, I heard that unfasten, but the lock would not open; I am certain that four or five days before I fastened the house, and nobody had been in but me; finding I could not get in I went back to No. 21, I went of a short message into St. Alban's street, I got a few yards from the house, I saw the prisoner with the two coppers upon his right shoulder; in the other hand he had got a basket, which contained a crow and a small saw, and some pick lock keys; I turned round and stopped him; I asked him where he was going with these coppers, he said he was going home with them, his master had sent him for them; I told him he must go back with me, I was confident they belonged to our house; he neither told me who was his master, nor where he was going to take them to, nor did I ask him. After I turned him round he put the two coppers on the second step of No. 20, the house they were taken from.
Q. Did he say where he had taken them from. - A. No, nor did I ask him; he kept the basket in his hand. I took him into the passage of No. 21.
Q. Was your master at home then. - A. He was; I told him that I had stopped the prisoner with two coppers belonging to No. 20.


                  JOSEPH 
                  POINTINGTON
               



            . I produce the implements that the prisoner had in his basket; and one of the coppers; I have had them ever since.
Q. to Holmes. Are these the implements that were in the basket when you first stopped him. - A. Yes.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOK
               



            , ESQ
. Q. On the 22nd of May were you the proprietor of this house, No. 20, Pall Mall. - A. Yes, I was.
Q. Did you give this man at the bar any authority to remove these coppers - was it done by your knowledge or consent. - A. By no means; he acknowledged that he had taken them from that house; he said if I would forgive him he would send for one of the best workmen, and put them up in the tastiest way I could wish; I said nothing more to him, than that if he moved from the place I would shoot him.


                  MARY 
                  HOLMES
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  James 
                  Holmes
               



            . About half past six in the morning on the 22nd of May, I heard a noise at No. 20, as if he was hammering of brick work; I was alarmed; I communicated it to my husband.
(The property produced and identified.)
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, and called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
