





366. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BRITTEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 16th of June
, a silver watch, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Grain
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  GRAIN
               



             sworn. On the 16th of June I laid myself down to rest between the hours of five and six o'clock in the evening, on the left side of a path going from Brom lane, Old Brentford


, to Ealing


.
Q. Do you know whether you had your watch in your pocket before that time. - A. I had seen it about five minutes before I laid down.
Q. Were you quite sober. - A. I had drank three pints of beer in the course of the day; the prisoner at the bar came and laid down by me, I felt him draw the watch out of my pocket; he then got up and walked away, I got up and followed him, he had not gone ten yards from me before I catched him by the collar; I think I said, You rascal you have robbed me of my watch, he replied he had not seen the watch, and while I had got him by the collar, he dropped it with his left hand on the ground, and with his right hand he gave me a violent blow on the eye and knocked me down and ran away; I picked up the watch and pursued him to the Red Lion at Brentford; there I delivered him into the hands of the constable.
Q. What was the prisoner. - A. He worked in the garden, I had known him about three months; I produce the watch, I have had it in my possession ever since.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HUGHES
               



             sworn. I am a constable; I took the prisoner into custody, he was very drunk; I have known him two years.
Q. How was the prosecutor. - A. Quite sober.
Prisoner's Defence. My lord, I hope you will take my case into consideration, as I am poor and friendless; this man will swear my life away; I declare I never saw him, nor do I know any thing about him.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
