





387. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     PITT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of May
, two pair of breeches, value 5 s. two waistcoats, value 5 s. five shirts, value 10 s. three neck-handkerchiefs, value 3 s. and four pair of stockings, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Calloy
                  



               
            .
Second Count. Charging it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Taylor
                  



               
            .


                  FLORA 
                  CALLOY
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 4, Seven Dials


, the prisoner lodged at my house in the garret.
Q. Where did you lose these clothes from? - A. From a chest; I put them in a chest, and locked it, and put the key in my drawers.
Q. When had you seen these clothes last? - A. On Wednesday the 16th of May, to the best of my recollection.
Q. What were the clothes? - A. Five shirts, three neck-handkerchiefs, four pair of stockings, two waistcoats, and two pair of small clothes; there was a hat also, they belonged to 
               
                  John 
                  Taylor
               



            , he is at the West Indies. I suspected the prisoner had taken them by his absconding; he had taken the sheets, I did not think he had gone to the chest.
Q. When you went to the chest, how did you find the chest? - A. It was locked the same as I left it; I left it locked, and when I unlocked it Taylor's things were all gone.
Q. How soon after did you see the prisoner? - A. On Saturday evening; he was taken at a public-house in the neighbourhood, to the best of my knowledge; the small clothes and stockings he had on were Taylor's property.
Q. What sort of breeches were these? - A. Velveteen, of an olive colour.
Q. What reason had you to think they were Taylor's? - A. I had them so long in my care, I was positive they were his.
Q. Were there any marks about them; you know olive velveteens are very common? - A. The pockets were flung back the same as when Taylor wore them, and they had pearl buttons at the knees; the stockings, to the best of my knowledge, are his.
Q. Did any body else sleep in the room? - A. No; we had no other lodgers in the house, not at that time; the prisoner had only one dress.
- DEYKIN sworn. - Q. Did you apprehend the prisoner? - A. Yes, at the Maidenhead, in Dyot-street, St. Giles's; he had a pair of velveteen breeches, and a pair of white ribbed stockings on, and a bundle in his hand; we took him to Mr. Calloy's house, and Mrs. Calloy said they were Taylor's breeches and stockings; we opened his bundle, and there were an old pair of black velveteen breeches, which were his own, and a dark pair of stockings; when the watch set, Mr. Calloy sent for the watchman, and we took him to the watch-house; the constable of the night took care of the breeches, and the next day he was taken to Marlborough-street office. (The breeches and stockings produced and identified by Mrs. Calloy.)
Prisoner's defence. They are my own property, I brought them from Birmingham; I was in the Staffordshire Militia, I never was before a Magistrate for any misdemeanour in my life; what I am brought here for now I am innocent of; one of the witnesses has kept my mother-in-law away.
Q. (To Mrs. Calloy.) You say he absconded from his lodgings? - A. Yes; he came generally hometo his meals; he is a locksmith; he had picklocks and keys found upon him when he was at the watch-house; they were found in his breeches pocket. (The picklock keys produced.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
