





44. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of November
, a basket, value 4s. a cloth, value 18d. and forty-eight pounds of butter, value 2l. 8s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Markham
                  



               
            .
Second Count. Laying it to be the property of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Mousley
               



            .
JOHN STRICKLAND sworn. - Q. Do you know Mr. Mousley? - A. Yes; he is book-keeper
, at the Oxford arms, in Warwick-lane: On Wednesday, the 26th of November, I lost a flat of butter from Newgate-market


; I had observed the prisoner for about two hours the day that I lost my butter, and on the Saturday following, I saw him again, and upon seeing me, he went away; I followed him, he went into the Oxford-arms yard; I saw him take a basket of butter and put it upon his shoulder; a porter, belonging to the yard, standing by, asked him what he was going to do with that butter, he said, he came from one Dean; the porter called the master of the waggon that brought it to London; he asked him, in the hearing of the prisoner, if it was right in being delivered to a person of the name of Dean, and he said, no, it was dictected to a Mr. Casey, cheesemonger, in St. Giles's; there were four flats standing one on the other, in the yard; Mousley sent for a constable, and he was taken to the Compter.

ROBERT MOUSLEY sworn. - I am book-keeper, at the Oxford-arms; the prisoner was in custody when I came into the yard; William Markham is the carrier, and I am the book-keeper for him.
Q. You are responsible to him, are you not? - A. I never had a right understanding about that till last Saturday.
Q. Was there any contract made with you when you became book-keeper, that you should be responsible for any thing that was lost? - A. No.
Q. But Markham is answerable, and is paid for the carriage? - A. Yes.
Q. Is Markham here? - A. No, he is in the country.
Q. Do you know that that butter came in Markham's waggon? - A. I am certain of it; the prisoner said he came from one Dean; I asked him where Dean lived, and he made me no reply; he afterwards said, in St. Giles's.
Q. You, as book-keeper, must acknowledge whether this butter was for Dean or not? - A. I was for Mr. Casey, in St. Giles's; Woodman the officer has got the flat and the cloth; there was a direction, which is on the basket now.
ISAAC CROCKER sworn. - I am porter, at the Oxford-arms; I saw the prisoner with the flat of butter upon his shoulder, I asked him what he was going to do with it, he said, he wanted a flat of butter for one Dean; Mr. Markham was just gone into the house, and I called to him to know if it was right; the prisoner then let it off his shoulder, Mr. Strickland came up, and he was secured.(
               
                  James 
                  Woodman
               



            , the officer, produced the flat and the cloth, which was deposed to by Mousley).
Prisoner's defence. I was in liquor, when I went down, I did not know I was in the yard, till after I had been in the Compter two or three hours; I did not know what I was about.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
