





31. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WELCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 6th of November
, a copper pot, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Perrott
                  



               
            .
Second count for like offence, laying it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Perrott
                  



               
            .


                  ANN 
                  PERROTT
               



            . I live No. 8, Baron-street, Pentonville. I am a dress maker
; I took the copper pot to London to dispose of it or to exchange it; they did not bid me the value of it as I supposed; I refused to sell or exchange it, but left it with the people till I sent my son for it in the evening.
Q. Who was the people. - A. They live in St. John-street, I do not know their names; in the evening I sent my son for the pot.
THOMAS PERROTT. I am son to the last witness. On the 6th of November in the evening, I was coming up St. John-street with the pot; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Welch
               



             followed me.
Q. Had you known him before. - A. I knew him by sight; he lived at Islington


. When he came up to me he asked me how I did; I said pretty well thank him; he asked me what I had got there; the pot was tied up in a piece of wrapper.
Q. What sort of a pot was it. - A. A copper pot; I held it in one hand; he said you know me do not you, he said his name was William, he lived at Newington, he asked me to let him carry the pot; I refused him twoor three times, at last I gave it to him, he asked me to go in and see what o'clock it was at Mr. Newman's, the corner of Vineyard-street, St. John-street


. I went, and when I came out he was gone, pot and all.
Q. How old are you. - A. Turned of seventeen. I ran up the road towards Islington, I could not see him no where.
Q. What time of the day was this. - A. It was seven o'clock when I went in to see; I came back again and went to the corner of Vineyard-street; I met a lady, I asked her if she had seen a boy with a bundle; she said she did, and if I turned up there I might catch him; then I went to a house where I had seen him go in sometimes, a person of the name of Cooling, facing the turnpike at Islington; I knocked at the door, I asked if she had a son of the name of William, and whether he was at home; she said no; I told her I had lost a copper pot; she went with me to the corner of St. John-street, to a cornchandler's; it was not the same boy.
Q. How did you find out the prisoner. - A. I described him at this house in St. John-street, they told me his name was 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Welch
               



            , they told me where he lived; I went up to the top of the court where he lived, they told me I must come in the morning; I went home and told my mother, and I went in the morning; his mother was not at home.
Q. What is his mother. - A. A milk woman; we went again at eleven o'clock, his mother said she had not seen him all night; I did not see the prisoner till I saw him at Bow-street; I knew him directly.
Q. Can you take upon you to swear that he is the boy that run away with your pot. - A. Yes.
Q. You told me you had seen the prisoner before. - A. Yes.
Q. Had you ever talked to him before. - A. No.
Q. How long was he with you before he ran away with your pot. - A. Not above ten minutes; I am sure he is the same, I saw him when I came up to the lamps more than once.
SAMUEL LACK. I am one of the patrols belonging to Bow-street; an Sunday I waited at the Angel, Islington, I had my eye upon a house where I understood he frequented; I saw him go in, I followed him in; I went up stairs in the first floor, there I found him going to dinner; I told him I wanted him; he went along with me to Covent Garden watchhouse without any resistance. I went to several houses, I could not find the pot.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
