





259. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     WELDON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of April
, four gowns, value 40 s. four petticoats, value 20 s. a bible, value 12 s. three aprons, value 3 s. and a handkerchief, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Rebecca 
                           Simpson
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Whitley
                     



.


                  REBECCA 
                  SIMPSON
               



             sworn. I live in St. Paul's Church Yard, I am servant
 to Mr. Tinkler; I left my property in the care of the prisoner at the bar in Mr. Whitley's house, Summers-street, near Cold Bath Fields


; I had lodged with her before I went to Mr. Tinkler's, I had occasion to go and fetch some things, I found my box open, I missed every thing of my wearing apparel, I asked the prisoner what I could do, as every thing of my wearing apparel was gone, she said she knew nothing about it; I have seen some of the things again at the pawnbroker's.
Prisoner. (to prosecutrix) I wish to know whether you did not give me the liberty of pledging any thing that I choosed for my own benefit. - A. I did not.


                  ROBERT 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn. I am a pawnbroker, I live in Baldwin's Gardens; I produce a bible, a gown, and a pair of stockings, they were pledged by the prisoner on the 26th of December.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PAGE
               



             sworn. I am a pawnbroker, I live in Liquorpond-street; I produce a gown pledged for six shillings in December last, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Jones
               



            , and two petticoats; we have every reason to believe that a person of that name pledged them.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BAKER
               



             sworn. I am an officer of Bow-street; I apprehended the prisoner on the 10th of this month, I took from her all the duplicates that I found of these things.
Prisoner's Defence. My lord, and gentlemen of the jury, let me beg leave to lay my case before you. The prosecutrix and me having lived together in habits of intimacy for several years; my mother died; leaving me a legacy to be paid at a future period, which the prosecutrix knows, she living at my mother's when she died, and afterwards with me; she having occasion to leave my lodgings, left her box with me, and knowing that I was subject to fits, gave me leave to pledge some of her articles, which were to be restored when I got my legacy; a difference taking place between us, she thought proper to bring me before the justice at Hatton Garden, and the said prosecutrix there promised to take the duplicates, and I should pay her the money by instalments, but instead of taking the duplicates she appeared at Bow-street.
Q. (to prosecutrix) At whose house did you lodge in - A. At Weldon's mother's room.

Q. Do you know of any legacy. - A. She had something left in a gentleman's hands.
Q. Did you give her leave to pledge there things for her or you. - A. Never in my life, I had left them in the same room for three or four years, and I had the key of the trunk with me.
The prisoner called six witnesses, who gave her a good character.
GUILTY, aged 33.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
