





331. 
               
                  
                     ANDREW 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of April
, thirty-six yards of muslin, value 6 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Garcias
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lewis
                  



               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.
- COGGERILL sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp Q. You are in the employ of Messrs. Garcias and Lewis, what are their names. - A. 
               
                  John 
                  Garcias
               



and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lewis
               



            , they are Spanish merchants

, their warehouse is No. 87, London Wall


.
Q. Was their warehouse broken open at any time and when. - A. On Thursday morning the 17th of April I went to the warehouse; I found the padlock was off, the staple and the door had been forced open, I saw a quantity of cambric muslins laying on the ground.
Q. Did you upon looking at the muslins and cambrics miss any. - A. I did not touch them, it is not my department, I did not touch them till I made Mr. Lewis acquainted with it; when Mr. Lewis arrived, I went in, I found a padlock that did not belong to the warehouse, which was left there, and another padlock which belonged to the warehouse, and an iron crow.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MACALPINE
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are employed in the warehouse of Messrs. Garcias and Lewis. - A. I had the management of the sale of these goods for Messrs. Garcias and Lewis.
Q. Did you miss any of these articles. - A. Immediately upon hearing of the circumstance of the robbery, I went with a relation of Mr. Garcias, and took an account of the things that were missing; there were fourteen pieces of muslin missing altogether.


                  THOMAS 
                  LEWIS
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Your name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lewis
               



            , what is your partner's name. - 
               A. John Garcias
            .
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney.
Q. Have you any private partner. - A. None; there is no person connected in our trade but me and Mr. Garcias.


                  JOHN 
                  WALDEN
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a watchman of Cripplegate Within.
Q. Were you upon your beat on the 17th day of April last. - A. I was; on that morning, at the hour of half past four, I went by this warehouse, and took particular notice (I had a great charge upon me of taking care of this warehouse); I found every thing safe, and the padlock was on the door.
Court. Did you try the padlock. - A. Yes, it was safe as far as I know; I went to the watchhouse and resigned my coat and lanthorn, and about five o'clock I went round again; on my going on to cry the hour of five o'clock, I observed a hackney coach draw up to the warehouse door, I took particular notice of the number, 146, it was a yellow bodied coach, I directly walked down to see what they were about, I had great suspicions that it was a robbery, I saw the property put into the coach, by the coachman and another person who is not here.
Court. Do you know the coachman. - A. Yes, I took particular observation of the person of the coachman, the prisoner is the man.
Q. Where was the prisoner and the other person bringing the property from. - A. From the warehouse of Messrs. Garcias and Lewis; I attempted to follow the coach, to see where these goods were deposited, I could see nobody in the street, the watchmen were all off their beats; I followed the coach as far as Jewin-street, and then he drove at such a last rate that I lost sight of him.
Q. Could not you get up behind it. - A. Yes, but I was afraid he would give me a cut or two.
Q. When did you see the coachman again. - A. On the Friday following I saw the prisoner at Bow-street.
Q. Is the prisoner, whom you saw at Bow-street, the person that you saw drive the coach on that morning. - A. I have no doubt of it.
Mr. Knapp. What quantity had been put in the coach, do you know. - A. I could not tell, I suppose I saw eight or ten large parcels put into the coach.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley.
Q. You are a watchman, you say you saw the coach at the prosecutor's warehouse, how many persons did you see at the warehouse. - A. I only saw one besides the coachman.
Q. What time do the watchman go off their beat. - A. At five o'clock, at that time there is no watchman to be seen.
Q. But there were some people going to work. - A. Not at that part.
Q. Can you read. - A. Yes.
Q. You say the number of the coach was 246. - A. No. 146.
Q. You had never seen the coachman before. - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. How far were you from the place when you saw the things put in the coach. - A. I suppose about an hundred yards, I walked nearer the coach when I saw the number, I was opposite the coach when it drove in the street.
Q. You did not make any alarm. - A. No, I could not see any body, I made an alarm, so far, I went and told the constable of the night.
Q. You saw the coach drive up to the door, why did not you go to the watchhouse and get assistance. - I was afraid the coach would get off.
SAMUEL TAUNTON sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am an officer of Bow-street.
Q. From information that you received, did you apprehended the prisoner. - A. I did, in company with Townshend, on the 17th of April last, at No. 20, William's Mews, Devonshire-street, Portland Place, between nine and ten o'clock at night; when the prisoner opened the door I informed him that we were two officers, that I suspected he had some property that did not belong to him, he replied that he had nothing but what he worked hard for, and paid for, and that we were welcome to search any part of his premises that we liked; we went up one pair of stairs and searched two rooms and a hay lost, and found nothing, I then came down stairs and and searched the stable, and inside of the coach.
Q. What was the number of the coach. - A.146, a yellow bodied coach; I then renewed my search up stairs, and opened a window of a back room (his bed room), there was a kind of blind which went up two foot from the lower part of the window, sloping in this way (witness describing); I pushed up the window, and there I found two pieces in paper, and two pieces out of paper, there was four pieces altogether; I then told the prisoner that was what I was looking for, I asked him where he got it, he told me that he found them in his coach when he came home at five o'clock; in the afternoon on the Friday following he was examined at Bow-street, and this property was identified by Mr. Macalpine. The prisoner is the owner of the coach, he told me he had only one pairof plates, he drove them himself.
Mr. Knapp. (to Macalpine) Look at that muslin, is that one of the four pieces that were missing on that day - A. I believe it to be, I have no doubt of it.
Prisoner's Defence. I was called by a person in Cheapside, at two o'clock in the morning, he ordered me to Finsbury-square, he stopped me at Moorgate, there a person came to the coach, he said something, what I do not know, to the man in the coach; I was desired to go up Chiswell-street, I waited there two hours, when a parcel was brought to the coach; I went away according to his directions, he ordered me to 61, Smithfield, when I got there he stopped the coach again, he ordered me to go to Back Hill, when I got there he pointed to the place opposite of the hill, that leads to Clerkenwell Green, there he went out with the things, he told me he should be back again to pay me my fare; I waited there a considerable time, and during the time I waited I got into the coach, and on my sitting down in the straw I put my arm on the parcel; I waited, no person coming to me, I went home, I informed my wife that I had had a job and had not got my fare; I described the person, saying, that if he called by that description, there was his property; it was on my drawers, I went out with the coach the same day.
Court. Where was you at five o'clock in the morning. - A. I was not home till half after five.
Q. Where was you at five. - A. I was in Fore-street then.
The prisoner called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
