





254. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SHATTOCK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of February
, a brass lamp, value 2s. 6d. a japan powder-box, value 1s. a tin callender, value 1s. a tin oil-bottle, value 1s. a flat-iron, value 6d. an iron stand, value 6d. a japan waiter, value 1s. a japan snuffer-stand, value 1s. a dozen of knives and forks, value 16s, and a great variety of other articles
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Stewart
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM STEWART sworn. - I am a tinman and brazier
, in Piccadilly


: On the 8th of February I had information that I had been robbed; I went with the officers to No. 15, Great Windmill-street, the apartments of the prisoner, where we found a number of articles, and from there to No. 5l, Bedford-street, Covent-garden, the apartments of 
               
                  Frances 
                  Humphreys
               



            , where we found another part of the property; then we went back to Windmill-street, and found some more articles; we also found some at the pawnbroker's; the prisoner was my porter, and had lived with me eight years.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q.And you gave him a good character to the person with whom he he has lived since? - A. Yes.
Q.Have you any partner? - A. No.
JOHN MILLER sworn. - In consequence of information, Carpmeal and I went with Mr. Stewart to the prisoner's apartments, in Windmill-street, where we found these articles. (Produces a lamp, and several other articles).
Stewart. This lamp I know particularly, there is not a lamp in London of this form but what is of my make; I am sure I never sold it; I believe all the articles to be mine; there are several of them that have my mark.
Mr. Alley. Q.How long is it since the prisoner left you? - A.About five months.
Miller. Here are a dozen of knives and forks, a carving knife and fork, a pair of snuffers, a stand, a japan knife-tray, and a duplicate of a copper tea-kettle; I found them in the apartment of 
               
                  Frances 
                  Humphreys
               



            .
FRANCES HUMPHREYS sworn. - I am the wife of a gentleman's servant; I bought the duplicates of these things of the prisoner's wife for half a guinea; I lodged in the same house with them for seven weeks; that is about five weeks ago.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q.Was any body present when you bought these duplicates of the prisoner's wife? - A. No.
Q.These things were found in your possession? - A. Yes.
Q. And therefore you think sit to say you had them of the prisoner's wife? - A. I gave her half a guinea for them.
Miller. The things I now produce I found at the lodgings of Mrs. Blackwell, in Windmill-street. (They were deposed to by the prosecutor).
SARAH BLACKWELL sworn. - I bought these things of the prisoner's wife; they lodged in my house in Great Windmill-street.
WILLIAM ANTHONY sworn. - I was in company with Miller when these things were found.(Miller produces the duplicates).
GEORGE YOUNG sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, in Sherrard-street, (produces a tea-kettle, six spoons, and a bread-basket); I received them from a woman in the name of Avery. (They were deposed to by the prosecutor).
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
