





186. 
               
                  JERRETT 
                  MACKNEVIN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of February
, a silver watch, value 14 s. and a pocket handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Trow
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  TROW
               



             sworn. - I am servant
 to my father, he is a cow-keeper; I had been to Wapping to get a load of grains with my father's waggon; the carter drove the waggon; I was coming back, and Mr. Davis came back in company with me; Mr. Davis fell in company with this woman, and they both agreed to go up in the waggon; the woman got up in the waggon first, and Mr. Davis afterwards; then I went up, and we all remained in the waggon till we came to London-wall


, and at London-wall the woman wanted some drink; we stopped there; Mr. Davis went to get something for the woman to drink, and while Mr. Davis was gone, the woman asked me to give her sixpence; I gave her sixpence; I felt her hand at the fob of my breeches;I did not search her that moment, but a little while after I did.
Q. How came you, when you found her hand at your fob, not to put your hand there too? - A. A little while after I accused her of taking my watch and handkerchief; she very strongly denied it; my little brother was with me; he made answer and said, he saw her put something in her bosom; she wanted to go down; Mr. Davis had gone home; I told her she should not go down till I searched her, and she pulled her things off, to shew us she had not got the watch; she wanted to go down again; we detained her till we came to the bottom of Clerkenwell-green.
Q. Was it night or day? - A. It was half past ten at night when we took her in the waggon; we gave charge of her at the watch-house in Ray-street to the officer of the night; he searched her, and could not find it the first time; my little brother said to him, she put something in her bosom; the constable then found it under her arm-pit; she had a waistcoat next her skin; I saw the constable find it.
Q. Were you sober? - A. I was not very sober, nor very tipsy.


                  JOHN 
                  IZZARD
               



             sworn. - I am an headborough of the parish of St. James, Clerkenwell.
Q. Do you recollect a waggon coming by, and a woman given in charge? - A. Yes; I searched her the first time, and could not find the watch; the little boy said, I am sure she put something by her right breast, and his brother was rather in liquor.
Q. Did you ask her whether she had it? - A. Yes; she denied it, and called me a blackguard, and every thing that was bad; I searched her again, and we felt there was a something there in her flannel waistcoat, with a kind of a pocket, as if it was made on purpose; that is my watch I'll swear, says he; I then searched for the handkerchief; the little boy said, upon the top part of the handkerchief there is a red spot, like a spot of blood; I pulled her handkerchief off, and found the prosecutor's handkerchief put twice round her neck, with a little knot tied: the man was not quite sober; after the prosecutor was gone, she said the carman persuaded her to do it; he said to her, the young man has a watch; he does not know how to wind it up; it is of no more use to him than a turnip. - (The watch and handkerchief produced, and identified by the prosecutor.)


                  THOMAS 
                  TROW
               



             sworn. - Q. You were in the waggon at the time? - A. Yes.
Prisoner. He was not in the waggon.
Trow. I was in the waggon part of the time the woman was there, but not when she got up.
Q. Did you see her put any thing in her bosom? - A. Yes.
Prisoner's defence. There was another woman with me; she would not come with them; she told them she would not give a d - n for them; they took me by main force, I did not want to go with them; there was another man with him, and the man that drove the waggon and this boy; they took my bonnet off; I said, I'll not go up; I did not know the streets; they said they would take care of me; they put me in the waggon; this young fellow said, we'll take you back again; go, says he, they will give you any thing to eat or drink, or what you want; I said I would sooner go home; this man and the other man came into the waggon; they wanted to force me; they cuddled me up, and there the watch fell out of his pocket; the waggoner told me to keep it; he gave me a sixpence out of his pocket not worth a farthing. I have not a friend nor witness in the place.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
