






336. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of March
, a tray, value 6d. and twenty-seven gold rings, value 5l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Gabriel 
                     Aughtie
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  FOOTMAN
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Gabriel 
                  Aughtie
               



            , No. 118 and 56, Cheapside


: On Friday, the 20th of March, about nine o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to purchase a wedding-ring, which we do not keep at No. 118; I sent a little boy to No. 56, to fetch some; they were brought over by another lad; the prisoner gave me a small bit of thread, or silk, and said, that was the size, he wanted; I shewed him one about the size, and told him it was nine shil shillings; he said, he was poor man, could I not abate something; I took it into my hand to look at it again, and he snatched the tray off the counter, containing twenty-seven rings; I caught at him, but I being behind the counter, could not reach him; I jumped over the counter, and sent the boy after him; he holloaed out, stop thief, and the prisoner was brought back within five minutes; I am sure he is the same person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHALEY
               



             sworn. - I live with Mr. Aughtie, in Cheapside; I saw the prisoner in the shop on the 20th of March; when he ran out of the shop, I went after him, and called, stop thief; I lost sight of him for short time; a young man took him in Mitre-court, with tray upon him, without any rings, his name is Cripps; we found fifteen rings at the top of Milk-street.
- CRIPPS sworn. - I heard the cry of stop thief, I stopped the prisoner in Mitre-court, leading out of Milk-street into Wood-street, he had the tray upon him; when I caught hold of him, he struck me several times, he desired me to take the tray and rings, and let him go; I took the tray from him, but it was empty; I gave it to Whaley, and took the prisoner back to Mr. Aughtie's shop.
Whaley. I gave the tray to Footman.
Footman. This is the tray, and these are the rings, but I cannot swear to the rings, there is no mark upon them, I can swear to the tray.


                  MATHEW 
                  BROAD
               



             sworn. - I took the prisoner into custody, that is all know of it.
Prisoner's defence. I was going through Milk-street, Cheapside; I kicked something before me, and picked up this tray; in less than three or four minutes I heard the cry of stop thief, and this young man stopped me; I am innocent of it.
The prisoner called there witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
