





325. 
               
                  
                     CATHARINE 
                     GRAEDY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of March
, eight muslin handkerchiefs, value 8 s. and two pair of stays, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Frances 
                     Fowler
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCES 
                  FOWLER
               



             sworn. - The prisoner at the bar came to me on the 12th of March, and asked for a Mrs. Brown, a midwife; she told me she thought she lodged there, I told her we had no lodgers; I am a baker
, I live at No. 15, Charles-street, Hatton-garden


; I directed her to another midwife, she thanked me, and told me she believed that was the place, and the person that she wanted; she then went to the door, and I saw her drop the things; I went and picked them up.
Q. Where were the things before you saw her drop them? - A. In the one pair of stairs front room; I cannot say how she got up there.
Q. Where was it that you had conversation with her? - A. At the door, when she asked me about Mrs. Brown.
Q. Do you know that she went up stairs at all? - A. No, but these things were in the one pair of stairs front room; I only saw her at the door, and I saw her drop the things; I did not see where she came from.


                  GEORGE 
                  WOOD
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of Hatton-garden, I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody; she was in Mrs. Fowler's parlour when I went there, and at that time she was on her knees, and begged and prayed Mrs. Fowler to forgive her; she said, she found the handkerchiefs on the stairs.
Prisoner's defence. On Tuesday morning my aunt was taken very ill, and sent for my mother, and at a quarter before three o'clock in the afternoon she told me to go to No. 3, Charles-street, and fetch the midwife, Mrs. Brown; I went into this gentlewoman's house, a person there said you have dropped something; I said, no, it is not mine; the gentlewoman came out, and said I had taken the things; I had only just gone up to the door.
(The articles produced, and identified by the prosecutrix.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
