





359. 
               
                  
                     ESTHER 
                     WELLINGTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of October
, a pair of cotton stockings, value 2s. and a towel, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Northey
                  




               
            , Esq.




                  ANN 
                  WHITAKER
               



             sworn. - I am servant to 
               
                  William 
                  Northey
               



            , Esq. at Epsom; the prisoner was a chair-woman
 at Mr. Northey's town-house, No. 2, Mortimer-street


; she has been chair-woman there three or four years; there have been a great number of articles lost from the house; the pawnbroker she chairs for had some suspicion of her, and they came to me to inquire her character; I knew nothing of the loss of the things till they were found.


                  JOHN 
                  MORRIS
               



             sworn. - I live with my brother, a pawn-broker; the prisoner chaired at our house; we were robbed, and I suspected nobody but her; I got a search-warrant, and found thirty duplicates in her lodgings, but none of them leading to our property; eighteen of them were articles pledged at our shop, among which was the property in the indictment, (produces the stockings and towel;) the stockings were pledged on the 12th of October, by the prisoner, for one shilling.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Have you had any quarrel with the prisoner? - A. Never.
Q. She is a woman having children - is she not? - A.Several; she had a daughter at my house.
Ann Whitaker. The stockings have Mr. Northey's name, wove by the maker, in the stockings; they are Mrs. Northey's stockings.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Whether Mrs. Northey gave them the prisoner or not, you do not know? - A. No.



                  JAMES 
                  KENNEDY
               



             sworn. - I searched the prisoner's apartments, and found the duplicates belonging to this property.
Prisoner's defence. I came by them honestly.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
