





369. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HUGHES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Ann Cotton
                     



                  , a purse, value 6d. two Bank-notes, each of the value of 10l. another Bank-note, value 2l. and four other Bank-notes, each of the value of 1l.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas-William 
                  Tattersall
               




            , Esq.


MATTHEW BACKHOUSE sworn. - Q.Were you servant to Mr. Tattersall? - A. Yes.
Q. At the time this happened, he lived in Chandos-street, Cavendish-square


? - A. Yes.
Q. I believe he is in an extremely ill state of health, unable to help himself? - A. He is; I attended him, and helped him in and out of bed.
Q. Had you before this got any money for Mr. Tattersall from the bankers? - A. Yes, I got change for a check of 30l. the week before the prisoner was taken up, but I cannot say what day: I gave the change to my master, and afterwards put it into my master's purse; two 10l. notes, a 2l. note, and four ones.
Q. What sort of a purse was it? - A. It was a red Morocco purse, with the head of Buonaparte upon it.
Q. Were you taken ill, so as to leave the care of your master? - A. No, but the prisoner assistedin taking care of my master, and pulled off his clothes of a night.
Q.How soon after did you entertain any suspicion of him? - A. On Friday the 4th of March.
Q. In consequence of that, did any of the servants say any thing to him? - A. Yes; when I came down on Friday, the prisoner shewed me his watch-chain, and said, Matthew, don't I cut a swell here.
Q.Had he a watch and chain before he came into the service of your master? - A. He had none; he told me he had put in half a crown at a raffle, and had won this watch; I asked him where it was, and he said in the Haymarket; he afterwards said it was in a street at the back of the Haymarket; I asked the landlord's name, and he said he did not know. As soon as I had taken my breakfast, I enquired after my master's purse, and my master missed it in the evening; I got some constables, and took up the prisoner on suspicion.
Q.When the constables came, did you hear him say any thing respecting the purse? - A. No.
Q.Were you present when any search was made? - A.The purse was found in the privy.
Q. Do you know whether it was your master's purse or not? - A. Yes, I can swear it was my master's.
Q. Did you hear the prisoner give any directions where to find it? - A. I did not.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q.The prisoner is quite a lad? - A. Yes.
Q. And he made use of this expression - Do not I cut a swell? - A. Yes.
THOMAS-
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  TATTERSALL
               



            , Esq sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. In consequence of suspicion, I searched for my purse, and missed it.
Q. Was it shewn to you after it was found? - A.No, it was not.
Q. Did the prisoner now at the bar assist you in getting off your clothes? - A. Yes.
Q. By which means he had an opportunity of getting at your purse? - A. Yes.
RICHARD LOVETT sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Are you one of the Marlborough-street officers? - A. I am.
Q.Were you sent for to take charge of the prisoner? - A. I was; on Friday, the 4th of March, in the forenoon, I took him in custody on suspicion of robbing Mr. Tattersall of notes to the amount of twenty-six pounds.
Q.Before you took him before the Magistrate, did he say any thing respecting it? - A. Yes, he did.
Q.Before you tell us any thing he said, had any body said any thing to induce him to confess, or threatened him? - A. No; when I apprehended him, I told him my business, and I searched his box, and found a great quantity of things; he did the box; I asked him how he came by such a quantity of things; he said, he had picked up a ten-pound note in Oxford-street; I said, the things must have come to more than ten pounds, and asked him how he came by his watch, and he said, he had won it at a raffle in the Haymarket; I asked him where, but he could not, or would not tell me; I then took him to Marybone watch-house; just before I got him to the lock-up house, he said, Oh dear, gentlemen, I will tell you how I came by it, I certainly did rob Mr. Tattersall.
Q.Did you make any search for any thing, in consequence of what he told you? - A. Yes; he told me he had thrown the red purse down the privy; after I had put him in the watch-house, I got a candle and lanthorn, and found the pocketbook.
Q. Did you shew it to Mr. Tattersall's servant? - A. Yes, I did.
Q.Have you kept it? - A. No, it was too bad to produce.
Q.You found a great number of things in his box - did he say how he got them? - A. Yes; he gave me an account of things to the amount of the money within about three shillings.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You are one of the Marlborough-street officers? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you go to apprehend this young man? - A. I did.
Q. When you got there, did you acquaint him with the nature of the charge? - A. Yes, I did, and I asked him what money he had got in his pocket; he pulled out a five pound note, a guinea, and some silver - nineteen shillings, three six pences, and a half-guinea; he denied the charge then, and going along Cavendish-square, he turns his head to me, and says, Oh dear, oh dear, what shall I do. I told him it was not our duty to advise him what to do; I told him he must make that up in his own mind, and he said, "I did rob Mr. Tattersall;" I searched for the pocket-book with Lovett, and we found it in the necessary.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called four witnesses, who gave him a good character. GUILTY, aged 17,
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
