





697. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of August
, a hat, value 1s. a handkerchief, value 9d. and a waistcoat, value 1s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Budgell
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BUDGELL
               



             sworn. - I am a tailor
, No. 22, Castle-street, Mary-le-bonne


: On the 29th of August, about a quarter past four in the morning, I heard a rattling at the area gate as I laid in bed in the kitchen; the prisoner got over the rails, opened the shutter, lifted up the window, put in his hand, and took out a hat, a silk handkerchief, and an under waistcoat; I laid by the side of the window, and I immediately jumped upon the table, got through the window, and went up the area steps; I held the prisoner by the leg as he was getting over the rails, but he was too powerful for me, and got away; he chucked the things down; he was taken by Mackenzie, the constable, in less than five minutes.
Q.Are you sure the prisoner is the man? - A. I think he is the man.
Q.Have you any doubt about it; are you sure he is the man? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see his face when he took the things out? - A. Yes.
- MACKENZIE sworn. - I live next door to the prosecutor: On the 29th of August, about a quarter after four in the morning, I heard a cry of stop thief; I got up, and saw the prisoner run past the door, I was in my shirt; I ran after him, and turning down Winslow-street, in Oxford-road, I called stop thief, and a coachman was getting down off his box to lay hold of the prisoner, when he stopped, and I took him, he might have gone away if he would; we took him to the watch-house, and found upon him two shillings and sixpence, a hook, such as they use at sea for fishing, and a knife.
Q. Did you ever lose fight of him? - A. No.
Q.(To Budgell.) Where did you find these things? - A. He chucked them down in the area.
Prisoner. Q. Can you swear I was the person you saw at the window? - A. Yes, I can.
Prisoner's defence. I had been from sea but three weeks; I heard the alarm of stop thief, several people were running, and I run with them.
Q.(To Mackenzie.) Was there any body else running when he passed your door? - A. No, not at that time.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
