





227. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BIRD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of January, fifty pounds weight of sugar, value 30s.
             the property of 

               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Draper
                  




               
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  THOMAS 
                  COX
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Draper, grocer
, in Bishopsgate-street: On the 27th of January, I went for twenty-four lumps of sugar, in a cart, to Mr. Travers's, in Queen-street, Cheapside; I went from Mr. Travers's, up Bread-street, to Mr. Nailor's, where I received some orders, and came down again into Watling-street; in Watling-street


, at the end of Friday-street, I was stopped by a cart that was in the way; I called to the carman several times to remove the cart, but I could make nobody answer; I then left my cart, and went up to remove the other cart out of the way, thinking to go on; after I had so done, I came back to my own cart, and then I was informed my cart had been robbed, and I went in pursuit along Watling-street, till I got further information; I went on till I came up with a man with the sugar upon him,just at Mr. Nailor's door; the prisoner at the bar is the man; he saw me coming, and he listed the lump of sugar up and threw it at me, and hit me on the arm; I followed him, and seized him by the collar, and held him till Mr. Nailor's door was opened, and I put him in there; Price took up the sugar; when I came back to the cart I missed it; I believe it to be the same that was taken from the cart.
Court. Q. How much did the lump of sugar weigh? - A. Nearly thirty pounds.


                  JOSHUA 
                  PRICE
               



            . sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. On the 27th of January, between five and six in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner at the bar, and another man, in Watling-street; I saw the last witness's cart, loaded with sugar, at the end of Friday-street; I saw the prisoner, and the other man, go up to the cart, the carman was busy with another cart; one of them got up upon the wheel, I cannot say which of them, and took out a lump of sugar, and gave it to the other, who stood upon the ground; then he took one himself, and came down with it, they put them upon their shoulders and went away; I am sure the prisoner at the bar was one of those men; they went along towards Bread-street, and I followed them; they both turned up Bread-street, and I stood by a post to look at them; and while I stood there, a girl came up and told the carman, and he came running up to me, and I directed him after them, I ran after him; the other man threw down his lump of sugar and went up into Cheapside; the prisoner then turned round with his sugar, towards Cox, and threw it at him, as if to hit his head, and he received the blow upon his arm; then Cox sprung forwards, and laid hold of the prisoner by his collar; I picked up the sugar and carried it to Mr. Nailor's warehouse, in Bread-street; I gave it to a young man at the warehouse, who is here; the prisoner was never out of my sight at all.


                  RICHARD 
                  DRAPER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a grocer in Bishopsgate-street: My servant sent Cox, by my direction to Mr. Travers's, for sugar for me.
Court. Q. Were you answerable for that sugar? - A. Certainly.
Prisoner's defence. There were two men running, and one of them let this sugar fall; I picked it up, and I had not picked it up a minute before this gentleman came up and laid hold of me.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 29.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
