






574. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BARROW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               making an assault in the King's highway, upon 
                     
                        Walter 
                        Hamilton
                     




                  , on the 3d of June
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person a silk handkerchief, value 5s. and three shillings in money
            , the property of the said Walter.
WALTER HAMILTON sworn. - I am a seafaring man
: On the 3d of June, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, I was coming down New Gravel-lane


; I had had too much in my head, and I sat down upon some stones; a man came up to me, and said, holloa; I said, holloa, again; he said, what are you doing here; I said, I had had too much in my head, and I was sitting down to take the air a little, as my head was rather swimming; then he seized me by the collar, got his hands underneath, and choaked me; he strangled me so, that I could not speak; he got over me with his legs, and took three shillings from me, which was all the money I had in my pocket, and took the handkerchief off my neck, and hove me on my broadside.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Have you any idea how much you drank that day? - A. I can tell within a glass or two; I had about five glasses in the course of the day, and about two the last hour; I was not so very drunk.
Q. Were you not picked up senseless from liquor, and carried into a house? - A. I was senseless after he choaked me.
Q.When did you come to your senses? - A. About twelve o'clock.
Q. Who the person was, you have no idea? - A. No.
Q. You had not been laying down, and rolling about? - A. No, I am certain of it.
Q.Where had you been that day? - A. The last house I was in was the White Swan in New Gravel-lane; I was two hours in one public-house, and one in another, and at a cook-shop, where I had a glass or two.
Q. Did you spend two hours that day out of a public-house? - A. Yes, three.
MARGARET FELLOWES sworn. - I live in Gravel-lane: On the 3d of June I was putting up my shutters, after ten o'clock, and saw the prosecutor sitting on some steps as if he was half asleep, opposite to my house; the watchman came up, and the prisoner said, is that you, watchman; he said, yes, and he gave him some beer which he was carrying towards No. 128, an old ironshop, where he went in; soon after I saw him come up, and stand across the prosecutor's legs, and say something, but cannot say what; I thought he was a friend of the prosecutor's, as I saw him very busy and active in searching his pockets; the last thing I saw him do was to draw something from his neck, which I judged to be a handkerchief, but could not say, he then dragged him to the ground, and left him laying on his right side. I called to him, and told him he had robbed the man; the prosecutor said, he has taken a handkerchief off my neck; I stepped across the way, and saw his handkerchief was gone, and his shirt collar torn. Barrow went into No. 128, and shut the door; I have known him a great while; I followed him, and told him I would charge an officer with him; the woman of the house insisted on my going out, and Barrow came out, shut the door, and made his escape down the New Road; she said her husband was dying, and she could have no officers there. The prisoner went past the prosecutor, and stepped over him as he lay.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Have you ever had any dispute with the prisoner? - A. No, I never spoke to him before.
Q.How far was the drunken man from your door? - A. At the corner of No. 130, the width of the street; I was standing at my own door, and went to the door of No. 47, immediately opposite to the prisoner and prosecutor.
Q.Was it not very dark? - A. No; I saw him draw the handkerchief off.
Q. It was easy for whoever did it to see you? - A. Yes, and Barrow did see me I believe; I called him by his name.
Q. After some person had taken the handkerchief, you went and spoke to the man? - A. I said, you have robbed the man.
Q. The prosecutor was not laying senseless on the ground? - A. No, or else he could not have spoke; he was stupid when he was taken into the house of Connor. I am informed the prisoner lives in Fox's-lane with his mother; he was taken at a public-house almost opposite to me.
Prisoner's defence. I am innocent, and have several witnesses of it.
Evidence for the prisoner.


                  ANN 
                  MOUNTESS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q.Where do you live? - A. In New Gravel-lane, next door to Mrs. Fellowes. I saw the prosecutor on the 3d of June, as he lay on the ground much in liquor, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, and the prisoner pass him, but he did nothing to him, I saw Mrs. Fellows feeling about his neck, and then she gave an alarm that he had been robbed; I was sitting at my window, and must have seen it if any body had taken any thing from the man; I helped to carry him into Mrs. Connor's, he was do drunk and senseless.
Court. Q. How far off the place where the man was laying do you lodge? - A. Over the way at No. 47, in the front chamber, one-pair-of-stairs; Margaret Cullen was with me.
Q. Were there any other persons there? - A. No.
Q. How were you employed? - A. I was taking care of her, she was sick, and was sitting by thewindow for the air; the sash was up; we might be sitting there for half an hour; when I first looked out the man was laying there; I saw nobody go near him; I saw Barrow pass him after Mrs. Fellowes crossed the way, and went straight down the lane towards New Crane. I was sitting at the window when Mrs. Fellowes called out, and had not been absent from it; there was no candle in the room; I did not say any thing to Mrs. Fellowes, but went down stairs two or three minutes after, and found her standing by the prosecutor, and she then went into her own house, and no where else that I saw; she did not leave the prosecutor till he was carried into the house.
Q. After you saw Barrow pass the man, Mrs. Fellowes called out he was robbed? - A. Yes.
Q. Where were you? - A.Looking out at the window.
Q.Were you sitting? - A. Yes, in a chair, facing the window.
Q.What was between the chair and the window? - A.Nothing.
Q.Were you as close to the window as you could go? - A. Yes.
Q. What induced you and the sick woman to be at the window at that time? - A. She was sitting up for her husband.
Q. How did it happen the sick woman, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, was close to the window thrown open? - A. She was getting rather better; I had been with her six months; she had been bad near three years and an half.


                  MARGARET 
                  CULLEN
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 47, New Gravel-lane, and on the night of the 3d of June, I saw the prosecutor laying down very much in liquor.
Q.Where were you? - A. In my own room, with the window open.
Q.Who was with you? - A. The family was about the place at the time; there were the children and my husband, six or seven at that time in the room.
Q. Had you any servant? - A. Only a young woman who came to assist me.
Q. At what time did you first see the prosecutor? - A.About a quarter past ten; he was there before I saw him on his side, quite beastly drunk.
Q. Did you in the course of the time see the prisoner, Barrow? - A. No, I did not; he might have been there, but I did not see him.
Q.Did you see Mrs. Fellowes? - A. Yes.
Q.What did you see her do? - A. I saw her go to the man, and I called to her to know what she had done there.
Q.How long did she stay there? - A. I cannot tell, but she was feeling about his neck; she said, she believed he was robbed of his handkerchief, and believed it was by a tall man who had passed; I had seen a tall man go from him; she said, he was not very tall, but he was the villain of a cobler who had hindered her getting her windows paid for by the person who broke them; many other things passed between her and I, we being in the habits of friendship; after that I saw the prosecutor helped by six people or more into Mrs. Connor's house.
Q.Did you see the tall man do any thing to the prosecutor? - A. No, nobody but Mrs. Fellowes; several people said he had no handkerchief on at all.
Court. Q.Who was the person who assisted you in your illness? - A. Ann Mountess.
Q. How long had she been with you? - A. About three months.
Q.Who was in the room with you at the time? - A. My three children and my husband, but he took no notice.
Q. Are you sure your husband was with you? - A. Yes.
Q. What part of the room was he in? - A.He was stretched across some chairs opposite the window asleep, after a heavy day's work, and we were preparing to go to bed when the alarm was given.
Q.Was any candle in the room? - A. Yes.
Q.What was the occasion of the candle being there - what were you doing with it? - A. We had it to see to go to bed.
Q.What part of the room were you in when the alarm was given? - A.Just at the window, with the sash up; I have an asthma in my stomach.
Q.Was the young woman in the room assisting you at that time? - A. She was down stairs among the crowd.
Q. Where was she before? - A. In my room.
Q.What was she about? - A. We had had our supper.
Q. Who was sitting by you? - A.One of my little children.
Q. On you knee, or on a chair? - A.Standing by me with my hand on its head.
Q.Was Ann Mountess about any work? - A. Yes, but I cannot say what.
Q.Was she sitting by the window at any time? - A. Yes, she generally set by it to have a look out; I know she took the things away after supper, and went down stairs among the crowd.
Q.Did she go down before Mrs. Fellowes went over to the man? - A. I cannot tell.
Q. Was your husband at supper with you? - A. Yes, he had his supper, and stretched himself in a chair, and fell asleep.
Q. Did Ann Mountess sup with you? - A. Yes, and went down into the crowd afterwards, which was a quarter past ten; I cannot tell whether shehad been sitting at the window or not; I had, for that is my situation always for the sake of the air.
Q. How long had your husband been at home before supper? - A. He was at home from about four o'clock.
Q.Had he been out afterwards? - A. No, I am sure of that.
Q.Whether the prisoner was one who stopped and looked at the man, you don't know? - A. No, I never saw him to my knowledge till this day.
Q.Did you observe where Mrs. Fellowes went after she said the man had been robbed? - A. She went to the iron-shop; Mountess was looking at the man.
JEMIMA LEGGETT sworn. - I live in New Gravel-lane; my husband is a smith, and keeps an iron-shop about twenty yards from Mrs. Fellowes: On the 23d of June she came to my shop, and accused Barrow with having robbed a man; he said, he had not, and that she might search him; he went out by her and with her. My husband was dangerously ill, and I desired she would not make a noise, for she knocked violently at the door; they were not ordered out, but went out together; I never saw the prisoner but twice before, and then he came with shoes for my husband.
Court. Q.(To Ann Mountess.) Did I understand you rightly, that you had not been absent from the window for better than half an hour? - A. Yes, I did say so.
Q. You were there with your mistress? - A. Yes.
Q. Was this before or after supper? - A. We had no supper at all.
Q.Did you say there was only your mistress and you in the room? - A. Yes, I did say so.
Q. Was any body else there? - A. No, I did not see any body else there.
Q. No children? - A. No, I saw no children there.
Q. There was no child standing by your mistress at the window with her hand on its head? - A. No, I saw no child at all.
Q. I understood you to say, your mistress was sitting up till her husband came home? - A. Yes, I said so.
Q.Where was her husband? - A. I cannot rightly say where he was.
Q.What time of the day had you seen him? - A. I had not seen him from the time he went out in the morning to work.
Q.What time did he go out to work in the morning? - A.About six o'clock.
Q.You are sure he had not returned? - A. No.
Q.Are you sure he was not sleeping on the chairs? - A. I did not see him.
Q. The room is not large? - A. No.
Q. If he had been there, you must have seen him? - A. Yes, I did not see him.
Q. Of course he had not supped at home? - A. No.
Q. He had not supped with you? - A. No.
Q. Or with your mistress? - A. No.
Q. Or with the children? - A. No.
Q.Has your mistress any children? - A. Yes, seven.
Q. How many are at home? - A.Two.
GUILTY, aged 29.
Of 


               stealing, but not violently
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
