





467. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               making an assault in the King's highway, upon 
                     
                        
                           Michael 
                           Oliver
                        




                     
                  , on the 9th of May


, putting him in fear, and taking from his person a morocco pocket-book, value 5s. and a pair of silver bracelets, value 10s. 6d. the property of the said Michael
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Gurney.)


                  MICHAEL 
                  OLIVER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I live at No. 12, Swan-place, near the Bricklayer's-arms, Kent-road.
Q. Of what prosession are you? - A. I do not prosess any thing at all but that of an honest man, and pay for what I have; I live upon what my ancestors have worked for: On the night of the 9th of May, I came through Covent-garden at twenty minutes after eleven o'clock; I came withinten yards of the door of the Theatre when I saw the prisoner at the end of the Piazzas, going towards Drury-lane Theatre, standing against one of the pillars; I was wishing to see a friend of mine out of Lancashire come out of the Theatre; I asked the prisoner if the play was nearly over, he said it would not be for half an hour; are you from the country, sir, says the prisoner, because I am; I said I was from the country; he said, so am I too; he said, I am a servant
 in a family; the prisoner then said, how do you like this London; I said, not at all, I wish I was at home again; but I will wait no longer, and so good night; the prisoner then followed me at the distance of ten or fifteen yards, saying repeatedly that London was a very disagreeable place, and that it was d-'d not; I did not give the prisoner any answer, and having an acquaintance in Craven-buildings


, I went up there and was in hopes the prisoner had gone forward; I made an excuse to stop at the door of a Mr. Pratt; I rapped at the door, but it was too late an hour; I went on till I came to the passage that leads from Craven-buildings towards Temple-bar; I stopped to make water within six inches of the corner of the court; I then supposed that the prisoner was not near me, but he turned round, or came back, and seized me, one hand by the collar of my shirt or neckcloth, and the other-I do not know how to express myself.
Q. Was it by your private parts that he seized you? - A. It was; he screwed me most violently round with his hand as he laid hold of me, and said I must have your money, or I will cut your b-d throat; and then he held me, not by the collar, but where I alluded to previous to the word collar, until he put his hand into my right-hand waistcoat pocket, he there took out some halfpence; he felt in my coat-pocket, which is in the inside of my coat, and insisted upon my, that moment, giving him all I had, or he would say - I am ashamed to say what.
Q. You must tell us what? - A. It is a word that you will find written at the beginning of the Bible.
Q. You must tell us the words he made use of? - A. I screamed out watchman, and he said he would call sodomy.
Jury. Q. Was that the word? - A. It was, so help me God; I then begged him not to cut me any more, for he had made several attempts to cut my throat with one hand.
Q. What had he in that hand? - A. Something resembling an instrument commonly called a penknife; my throat and my face were cut in several places; I begged for mercy, and told him he should have all that I had about me; he then put his hand into my coat-pocket, and took out my pocket-book; he asked me whether it contained bills, or what; I told him letters of consequence to me concerning a law business; and of no use to any body but myself; he said, I must have some money, have you no more about you; I replied that I had not, but that I would give him any money he should require for the pocket-book back; that if he lived by robbing, I was willing to redeem my papers back; he said, how much will you give me to have it back again; the prisoner said, if you will give me half a guinea I will let you have it, for I must have half a guinea; I said to him, you may stay here, and I will fetch you half a guinea; he said, will you not hang me, and I declared I could not swear to his face; that if he chose to go along near Temple-bar, I would procure the money; he walked along with me, and when we were opposite St. Clement's Church, he said he must have a guinea, or he would not let me have the pocket-book again; that he was very sorry if he had hurt me, for he lived by that way, and no doubt, he said, I was up to the gossip; I told him I did not know what gossip he meant, without it was cutting throats, and robbing people; he then said that three or four and twenty shillings, I am not sure which, would answer his purpose for the present night; I then asked him to come with me for the money, and he repeated again, will you not hang me; I told him, upon my honour I would not; I went to the Magpye and Stump public-house, where I knew the landlady, Mrs. Young; the prisoner followed me in; my physicians and surgeons, as I live in the country, come there to consult me concerning my health; I went in and asked for a glass of porter, and begged to speak with her alone; I told her to send for a constable; she said it was too late to get a constable, and she sent for a watchman; the prisoner was in a back-room, commonly called a parlour, and I in the tap-room; the watchman came in about two minutes; I was then in the parlour; I gave charge of the prisoner; he said, I have not got Mr. Oliver's pocket-book, but please to look under the table and about the room, and you will find it, I have no doubt; Mrs. Young called me Oliver when I first went in; the pocket-book was found under the table; the prisoner then insulted me with a great deal of bad language, that I was a false man, and should I attempt to swear that that was my pocket-book he would lay such a train against me as should ruin me for ever; the watchman and Mrs. Young were present; then the watchman took him away; (produces the pocket-book and bracelets:) I received it from the person who picked it up; his Christian name is James; I can swear to the pocket-book and its contents.
Court. Q. Here is a letter directed to you at No. 49, Aldermanbury? - A. That is a Mr. Lee's, afriend of mine, to whom I have letters directed.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not tell me that you were a gentleman's servant? - A. I did, in order to induce him to restore my property.
Prisoner. I wish your Lordship to ask him what he is now, and what he has been? - A. I am a country farmer's son in Northamptonshire; I have had a great deal of friendship from the Earl and Countess of Kinnoul, and the Drummond family, and with what my own friends did for me, and these noble families, I have always been kept independent; I married a lady of most respectable family in Lancashire, a Miss Hart, Counsellor Hart's cousin, and was by that means made independent; she is dead, and I have since married another lady, the daughter of Mr. 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Barnes
               



            , a respectable citizen of London, who is now living with her son at Newcastle.
Court. Q. How came you to tell him you were a gentleman's servant? - A. To save my life; he said he thought he had got something of value in his clutches.
Q. Is your second wife living? - A. I cannot say, she was nearly twelve months ago, when I came up to London upon some law affairs in Chancery respecting my son by my first wife.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not send your servant to me to try and make it up? - A. I have no servant, nor did I ever send any person; here are some letters that he has sent to me.
Q. Did you not walk arm in arm with me on the 9th of May? - A. I did not.
Court. Q. Where were you going that night? - A. To Temple-bar; I had been at a house in May's Buildings, to speak to a friend from Liverpool.
Q. How many gentlemen were with you? - A. I believe there were about thirty; it was a society of people that meet together called Odd Fellows.
Q. Where were you going? - A. To Lieutenant Marsh's, No. 12, Swan-place, Bricklayer's-arms, where I lodge.
Q. How came you to stop at the play-house? - A. I wanted to see a gentleman of too much decency to mention with such a man as the prisoner, to whom I had lent a pair of silver buckles of a particular pattern.
Q. What is that gentleman's name? - A. They call him Lee, he comes from Liverpool.
Q. What is he? - A. I cannot altogether say.
Q. Is he a gentleman of property? - A. I cannot say any thing about any body's property but my own; he had a country house a little way out of Liverpool, but I have not spoke to him these four years.
Q. Were you intimate with him? - A. So far as taking a cup of tea with him, or drinking a bottle of wine.
Q. How came you to lend him this pair of buckles? - A. They were quite a new fashioned pair from London; I would have sent him ten thousand pounds if I had had it, and he had wanted it.
Prisoner. Mr. Lee lives up two pair of stairs in Milford-lane.
Oliver. The Mr. Lee that I mean is too much of a gentleman to live up two pair of stairs.
Court. Q. How came you to know that Mr. Lee was at the play-house that night? - A. Because I had met a Mr. Jackson near Temple-bar, a cousin to me by marriage, and he told me Mr. Lee was in town; but I have not seen him these four years.
Court. Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before that night? - A. To the best of my recollection I had never seen him; but I have every reason to believe he had seen me.


                  MARY 
                  YOUNG
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I keep the Magpye and Stump at Temple-bar; I have known Mr. Oliver about six or seven months, he is by profession I believe a dentist; I have heard him say he followed that profession at Liverpool and at York: On the 9th of May, about ten minutes before twelve o'clock at night, he came into my house; the prisoner followed him in through the tap-room into the parlour; Mr. Oliver asked for a pint of porter, and the prisoner asked for a pint of porter; in about two or three minutes Mr. Oliver came, and said he wanted to speak to me; he came to the parlour-door, and said a person in the parlour had picked his pocket of his pocket-book, and begged me to send for a constable, I told him it was too late to send for a constable, I would send for a watchman; I called the watchman, and Mr. Oliver gave charge of the prisoner for picking his pocket; the prisoner told me, if I looked about the table, I should find the pocket-book there; my servant, 
               
                  James 
                  Washington
               



            , then looked, and found the pocket-book under where the prisoner had sat; Mr. Oliver said it was his pocket-book, and it was given to the watchman; then the prisoner was taken away.
Jury. Q. What was Mr. Oliver's appearance when he came in? - A. His face was cut in four or five places; he was bleeding, and holding his pocket handkerchief up to his face.
Court. Q. What sort of wounds were they? - A. A sort of scratches, as if it had been done by the point of a sharp needle, or an instrument larger than a needle, but not like a knife, or any thing of that sort.
Q. Was Mr. Oliver sober at that time? - A. Perfectly sober.
Q. How long has he lodged with you? - A. He does not lodge with me at all; he lodges with my son, Lieutenant Marsh, No. 12, Swan-place, Kent-road; Mr. Oliver has been in a bad state of health, and he used frequently to call for a glass of ale; he wanted a country lodging, and I recommended him to my son; and if he was late going home of an evening, he used to sleep at my house by chance.


                  EDWARD 
                  HAMMOND
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. - I was at the Magpie and Stump, on the 9th of May, when Mr. Oliver came in, the prisoner followed him; I went into the parlour after them, Mr. Oliver did not stop five minutes in the parlour; I said to Mr. Oliver, sir, you have been fighting, have not you, your face is bloody; the prisoner said, no, it is not hurt at all; Mr. Oliver made me no answer; then Mr. Oliver and the prisoner went into the tap-room; then Mr. Oliver and Mrs. Young came into the parlour, Mrs. Young said she would thank me to go into the taproom, as that gentleman had something to say to her; I went out immediately, the prisoner was there coming towards the parlour to look what was going forward, he clapped his face to the glass, and looked through, he immediately turned back from the parlour door, and placed himself by the side of me; the watchman came in, and Mr. Oliver was called out of the parlour, and he gave charge of the prisoner for having robbed him of his pocket-book, and some halfpence; the prisoner said he had no pocket-book, but if they looked about the table, they would find it; 
               
                  James 
                  Washington
               



             took the candle and found it under the table, about four feet from where the prisoner sat.
Q. Was Mr. Oliver so near that spot, that it could have come from him? - A. No, it was impossible, Mr. Oliver was very much scratched under the left eye, in three or four places.
Court. Q. When Mr. Oliver first came in, he did not complain of being robbed? - A. No.
Q. If he had, he and you were strong enough to have detained the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Jury. Q. Was there any abuse after the pocket-book was found, and after the watchman came in? - A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  WASHINGTON
               



             sworn. - I am a bricklayer by trade, and I assist Mrs. Young after my work is done; I was there on the 9th of May, when Mr. Oliver came in, the prisoner came in with him, I cannot say which came in first, I was busy drawing beer; they went into the parlour, I was sent for a watchman; when I came back, I found the prisoner in the tap-room; Mr. Oliver was talking with Mrs. Young at the bar; the watchman came, the prisoner did not say any thing that I heard; I picked up the pocket-book under the tap-room table, about a yard and a half from the prisoner.
Q. Did any abusive language pass? - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. Have you ever been sent into Newgate to the prisoner, by the prosecutor? - A. No.
Prisoner. Q. Did you never come into Newgate and tell me that Mr. Oliver sent you? - A. No, I said no such thing.
Q. Have you ever seen the prisoner in Newgate? - A. Yes; I went to see another person and met the prisoner; I told him Mr. Oliver was a very good kind of a man, and I did not think he would hurt him.
Prisoner. He made me write a note to Mr. Oliver, and he carried it? - A. No, I did not.
(
               
                  John 
                  Green
               



            , the watchman, deposed that he took charge of the prisoner.)
Court. (To Oliver.) Q. I asked you, in your original examination what you were - what are you? - A. My profession, I before told you, I am the son of a country farmer, I lived till I was, perhaps, twelve or fifteen years under the care of my uncle, an alderman of Leicester; I was afterwards sent by the Drummond family to try if I could learn the cotton business at Stockport, but it did not agree with me; then I went to Edinburgh to study the profession of a surgeon, and I carried it on for some time, but I did not practice for the last four or five years.
Q. Have you drawn teeth within these four or five years? - A. That is a question I can hardly tell, for I believe I drew a stump a few days ago.
Q. Mrs. Young has said, that you are a dentist, are you or not? - A. I was once, but not for the last three years, unless a friends asks it of me.
Q. Why did you not tell the Gentlemen of the Jury so before? - A. I have no profession that I live by.
Q. Have you ever been at Warwick? - A. No, I do not know any thing of such a place.
Q. Have you ever seen me at Warwick? - A. I do not know.
Q. It is impossible that you should not know-upon your oath, were you never there? - A. I have been through it in the night.
Q. Upon your oath, were you never in the daytime in court at Warwick? - A. Never.
Court. There is my clerk, swear him.
Mr. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  WINSLOW
               



             sworn. -
Court. Q. You are my clerk? - A. Yes.
Q. Look at the witness who stands there with a blue coat? - A. I see him.
Q. Have you ever seen him before? - A. I think I have seen him at Warwick, I recollected his face the moment I came into Court, and his speech.
Q. Do you recollect what year it was in? - A. I think about two years ago, for an assault upon two young gentlemen, I believe he is the man.
Oliver. How dare you say so, unless you can prove it; I say, it is a lie, and you are a villain forsaying so; two years ago I was at Bradlington, in Yorkshire.
Court. Q. Do you believe he is the man that you saw at Warwick? - A. I do believe he is the man, and I think it was by the name of Oliver.
Oliver. There was a man of the name of Oliver, who was hung, but I am not that man, he was a surgeon too, and it came to Liverpool in the calendar, I was at Liverpool at the same time.
Prisoner's defence. On the 9th of May, I met with the prosecutor, he came up to me, and asked me what it was o'clock, I told him it was past eleven; he asked me whether the play was over, or whether I had been to the play; I said, I had; I told him I belonged to the Sheer bulk, and I was going into the city; he said he was going that way too; he laid hold of my arm, and we walked together down Drury-lane, till we came to this passage, there he put his hand round me, and squeezed me very hard in the side; I then up't with my fist, and knocked him under the eye, he said, he did not think a young man. would use him so, but he was sorry for what he had done, he knew it was not right: we went on to the Magpie and Stump, and I called the watch close by the door; he then ran into the house, and said, he would get somebody to bail him; as soon as he had got in, he called for a pint of porter, I followed him close, and I called for a pint of porter, I would not drink with him, he winked at Mrs. Young, and sat for ten minutes or a quarter of an hour; I saw him go out into the tap-room, take something out of his pocket, and put it under the table; as soon as he had done that, Mrs. Young sent for the watchman, and he accused me of robbing him; I then said, I dare say, if they searched, they would find it about the table where I saw Mr. Oliver throw it.
Oliver. I say, that this man robbed me identically, used me cruelly beyond description, and said, he lived by that means, and I swear by the God of heaven and earth (and I am well known throughout the kingdom) that I never did an indelicate action in my life, by God he is the man that robbed me.
GUILTY. (Aged 29.)




               Of stealing, but not violently
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
