





423. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     KEDGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of March
, a pair of chaise bridles, value 14 s. two pair of reins, value 14 s. a pair of spurs, value 3 s. three straps, value 5 s. two sacks, value 2 s. and a silk handkerchief, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Gypson
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  GYPSON
               



            . I am a stable-keeper
 at Stanmore


; the prisoner was my ostler
, he lived with me about five weeks I lost all the things mentioned in the indictment out of my stable on the 24th of March.
Q. Why do you accuse him - A. He absconded from the premises. I was up early on the morning of the 24th of March; he did not come to work; I followed him up to town, I heard of him on the road; he had a wife in town; I went to the police office, Westminster; we found where he lived, he was not at home; we heard of him at the Bricklayer's-Arms in the Kent-road; we found him there; he had sold part of the things to a man in court; the rest he had left in the custody of the ostler at the Bull in Kent-street. We took him in custody.


                  ROBERT 
                  COX
               



            . I drive the Greenwich stage for Mrs. Scott. The prisoner sold me two pair of reins at the Bricklayer's-Arms for seven shillings.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLLOWAY
               



            . I am ostler at the Bull in the Kent-road. The prisoner brought to me a sack, a pair of bridles, three luggage straps, and a cord; he said they were to go to Dartford. I am sure he is the man.


                  JAMES 
                  BLY
               



            . I am an officer. I found a pair of spurs in a room which the prisoner and his wife rented, and a sack; I searched the tea-chest; I found a two-pound note in it, which I brought away; I took that handkerchief off the prisoner's neck, the prosecutor claimed it. I searched the prisoner; I took twenty-two shillings from him, because I heard he had taken money for his master's hire.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. When I came from my place my wife sent me for a bundle of things, and when I came to town I did not know that the things were in my sack.



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
