





492. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of May
, a bank-note, value 50l. and two other bank-notes, value 20l.
             each, the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Rowland
                  




               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Gurney.)
SAMUEL ROWLAND sworn. - I am a bricklayer and mason
, and live at Horsham: On the 30th of April, I received some bank-notes at Messrs. Wrights, in Henrietta-street; there were one of fifty pounds, two of twenty pounds, and ten pounds; I had them in my pocket on the 1st of May, and as I wasgoing down by Charing-cross, towards Westminster-bridge, a man overtook me, and fell into discourse; we went into a public-house, which he fixed upon, called the Mitre, in Union-street, Westminster, where I was to write him my address; in half a minute, the prisoner, who I am sure is the man, came in, and called for a glass of ale, and down he set about two yards from me, and began talking very fast; says he, gentlemen, can you direct me to London-bridge, where the shipping lays; I said, no, I cannot; I know nothing about it, for I am a countryman; he said, he wanted to find his girl, for she was gone to see some man, and he knew where the ship lay, as he had slept with her four nights; then he said he came from the city of Coventry to take twelve hundred pounds, which his aunt had left him, and had got by keeping the poor; that he had spent two hundred pounds in gambling the night before at chalking, and I don't know what, and wanted to get it again; the other man agreed to play, and they wanted me to join them, but I refused as I knew nothing about it, and began to be frightened; there was a shilling or two on the table, and some papers, which appeared to be bank-notes; they did not go on long, when the little man, who first accosted me, asked me for a piece of paper to take my direction; I gave him a bit out of my pocketbook, and held the notes in my hand, upon which he catched them out of my hand, put them among the rest that were on the table, and the prisoner took them up, saying, they were his; that he had won, or something of that sort; then the little man took me by the arm, for I was so frightened I did not know what I did, and led me out of the room round the corner of the street, and desired I would go along with him to his banker's, where he was going to receive four hundred pounds, and he would see me righted, and that I should not be a loser; then presently, says he, no, do you go back, and see after the other man, keep him till I come, and I will see you righted; I went back, but the prisoner was gone, and the notes too; I gave notice to the Bank about the notes, and I was sent for up to give my evidence.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You are one of the bailiffs of Horsham? - A. Yes, and have been so since last October.
Q. When all these notes were on the table, your mouth watered for some, did it not? - A. No money ever tempted me.
Q. You saw them gambling together? - A. Yes.
Q. And the stranger and you went halves in the bets? - A. No, I suppose we might be there five minutes only; I drank a drop of rum and water with the stranger.

Q. 
            What bet did you make? - A. None at all.
Q. How long was it before you returned to the house? - A. A very short time.
Q. You told the landlord, I suppose? - A. I made no complaint at the house; I did not ask to see the landlord or landlady, nor did I see them; I cannot tell where I went to at first, but I found my way over to Lambeth, to my friend, Mr. Wilson's, who I mentioned it to that very afternoon.
Court. Q. Did you see no person belonging to the house? - A. I saw no person but the waster.


                  MARTIN 
                  DEMPSEY
               



             sworn. - On the 30th of April, I paid the bank-notes to Mr. Rowland; there was a fifty-pound bank-note, two twenty-pound notes, and ten pounds in money, making one hundred pounds.


                  JOHN 
                  MOSS
               



             sworn. - I am a clerk in the Bank, and produce a fifty-pound bank-note, No. 3612. pavement of which was stopped.


                  HENRY 
                  ELLISON
               



             sworn. - I am a linen-draper, at No. 14, Cranbourn-street, and received this note from a woman on the 1st of May, who I have seen since at Bow-street; I cannot swear positively to the note, but I delivered it to 
               
                  Michael 
                  Robinson
               



            , my shopman.


                  MICHAEL 
                  ROBINSON
               



             sworn. - On the 1st of May, I received a bank-note from Mr. Ellison; this is the note, which I endorsed at the time.


                  JOHN 
                  MILLER
               



             sworn. - I am an officer, and apprehended Hahnah Butler, who lives with the prisoner, at No. 30 or 31, Field-street, Pentonville, by virtue of a warrant from the Magistrate; when I went there, the prisoner was shaving himself; I asked for her; says she, my name is Bittler; he looked at the warrant, and read it to her, and told her she must go with me; he likewise said, he would go with her himself; we all went then to Mr. Fletchor's, his attorney, and finding there was no warrant against him, he wished to go; but, before that, he had acknowledged he gave her the fifty pound note at his house to get change for; I asked him where he got it; he said, you know how I got it, I got it on the drop, meaning dropping the ring, or the cross; when he wanted to go away, I detained him; his pocket-book was laying on the table, which I took up; says he, there is a good five-pound note, and some gamnoning notes.(Producing them.)
Prisoner's defence. I won the notes of the prosecutor fairly; he won a guinea of me first, which he kept; he said, he would see me again; and I said, if he would make the letter himself, I would see him for a hundred; he said, I have only ninety; I turned my back, and he took the chalk to make the letter; the other man said, make it plain; says he, I cannot, the table is greasy; then he made the letter O, and I guessed O, and won the money; then he went away with his friend to receive four hundred pounds, and what conversation passed between them I don't know; but, when they were gone, I went about my business.

Court. 
               Q. 
            (To Rowland.) Is there a word of that true? - 
               A. 
            Not a word. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 41.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
