






576. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     PARKER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  MARY 
                  FERROLL
               



             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of May

, a silk cloak, value 10s. 6d. three aprons, value 2s. 6d. four caps, value 2s. a shift, value 1s. and a shawl, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Martin
                  



               
            , widow
, and the other for 


               receiving the same goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
CATHERINE MARTIN sworn. - I am a widow; I live in White's-yard, Rosemary-lane



; the prisoner, Ann Parker, lodged with me; she paid me two-pence a night for her lodging: On the 27th of May I lost the articles mentioned in the indictment; they were found the same evening in 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ferroll
               



            's mother's room; Mr. Bassett, the officer, found them there; when I missed the things, I asked Ann Parker if she knew any thing of them; she told me Ferroll had got them to pawn; she slept in the garret, and these things were in a band-box in my lower room.
JOHN BASSETT sworn. - I am a constable; I found these things, (producing them), at Mary Ferroll's mother's, in Nicholas-court, on the 27th of May; I found Mary Ferroll upon her belly under the bed; Ferroll said, you have brought me into this mess, and she seemed to laugh and make a jeer of it; Parker said, they were going the next day to Bow-fair with the things; Ferroll begged for God's sake I would let her go.(The property was identified by Mrs. Martin.)
Parker's defence. We were going past this woman's house, and she asked us if we went into company; I asked her what she meant by company, and she said, men's company, and she got us to come and lodge there, and lent us things to put on; we were to call the men in, and she took all the money we got.
Q.(To Martin). Did you ever take advantage of any money that she earned? - A. No.
The prisoner Ferroll did not say any thing in her defence, but called three witnesses, who gave her a good character.
Parker, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 15.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Ferroll, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
