





3. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HART
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault upon 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Roberts
                        




                     
                   on the 13th of November
 on the King's highway, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, four yards and three quarters of Bath coating, value 38 s. 4 d. five-eighths of a yard of velvet, value 4 s. 8 d. a yard and an eighth of shalloon, value 2 s. 4 d. and one skain of silk and twist, value 11 d. the property of 
                     
                        David 
                        Roberts
                     



.


                  DAVID 
                  ROBERTS
               



             sworn. I am a tailor
, I live in Wilmot street, Pimlico. On the 13th of November, a little after twelve at night, I was going along Parliament street, I had got two bundles and a parcel along with me, they were my own. The parcel that was taken from me had two pieces of Bath coating, some velvet, trimmings, and shalloon. Just as I got to the corner of Downing street that leads into Parliament street


, a man came running out of Downing street upon me, he took hold of my large parcel, and with great force he drew me from the pavement three or four yards into the road with pulling and hauling to get the parcel from me. In the struggle I fell upon my knees, and the other parcel fell on the ground; he ran away with the largest parcel, I took up the other things and alarmed the watchman as much as I could. I ran away without my hat, which I left in the road.
Q. Was your hat knocked off. - A. It fell off, striving to protect my property. I saw the watchman coming down Charles street, he sprang the rattle, but we could see nothing of the person; after that a gentleman came and said that he saw a man running towards the river, Palace yard way.
Q. Did you see the face of the person that run against you in Downing street. - A. No, I could not, he drawed me down momentarily.
Q. You do not know it was the prisoner. - A. No, his face I could not see, it was such a sized person as the prisoner.
Q. Did you find your bundle afterwards. - A. Yes, in about three quarters of an hour after he was apprehended by the gentleman; he was taken into the toll house by the Marsh gate.
Q. Did the person that took the parcel from you strike you. - A. He pulled me with all his force, I resisted all that I could, he took it at once from under my arm.
Q. Then according to your account of it, he snatched it from you and ran away. - A. Yes.
Q. He did not stay any time talking with you. - A. Yes, he did, a few minutes, he wanted to get more if he could.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gleed.
Q. The bundle was immediately snatched from you by the person, whoever he was, it was a sudden jar. - A. Yes, he pulled and hauled me into the middle of the road, he was trying to get all he could.
Q. You had but two bundles, and one fell, he could not get more than you had. - A. I had two parcels and a bundle.

 Q. Do you not know that there is a reward for a highway robbery. - A. I know nothing about it.
Q. Did you never hear it. - A. I have heard of such a thing; the magistrates at Union Hall told me that I must prosecute.
Q. Did not ever any body tell you that there is a reward for convicting of a man for a highway robbery. - A. Yes, I have heard so years ago.
Q. Have not you heard so since this man has been in custody. - A. I have heard so years ago.
Court. Do you know what the reward is. - A. I have heard, forty pounds.
Mr. Gleed. Have you heard so since this man has been in custody, has not the officer told you so. - A. I have heard them talk at the sessions house about it; I cannot say, upon my oath, any person has told me so.
- COUGHLAND sworn. On the 13th of November, about a quarter past twelve, I was going up Parliament-street, I heard the cry of Stop thief, on coming up I saw the prosecutor without his hat, and in great confusion, he said he had been knocked down and robbed of a large brown paper parcel, containing cloth and velvet, I told him I saw a man run towards the old houses that are pulling down in Palace yard; I was afraid of following him among the old houses for fear of hurting myself; I was going to sleep at Walworth that night; as I was passing the Marsh gate turnpike, the prisoner at the bar past me about a quarter of an hour after this happened; he had a large bundle under his arm, answering the description of that which the tailor had been robbed of; the idea suggested to me was that it was the prisoner who had robbed the tailor, I communicated my suspicion to the watchman, and requested him to assist me; coming up to the prisoner I asked him who he was, and where he had got that parcel, he told me that he was a master tailor, he told me that he had got some cloth in the bundle, at first he said he could not tell, I said to him he must come along with me and the watchman; we brought him into the toll house, upon which I sent a young man that was with me to see if the prosecutor was still on the bridge, he returned with the prosecutor, who identified every thing that was in the bundle.
- sworn. I am a watchman. About one o'clock this gentleman came up to me, and said there was a man passed that had knocked a man down, he asked me if I would go with him and stop him, I did; when I got up to the prisoner I asked him what he had got there, he told me cloth, the gentleman was close to me, he says that is the man; I asked him what he was myself, he said he was a master tailor, I told him he must go with me to the turnpike where there was a light, that I might see what he had got; when we came to the light I saw he had a blue apron tied round him. I asked him how long master tailors had wore blue aprons, he said that was nothing to me, I asked him where he lived, he said at home; that is all we could get from him. The prosecutor then came back from the bridge, we asked him what he had got in the bundle, he told us all that was in it before we opened it; I told the prisoner he must go with me to the watchhouse, he said he would be d - d if one or two should take him, we took him to the watchhouse, and going along he was very rough indeed.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been drinking at a public house, and coming along I picked it up.
GUILTY, aged 20.




               Of stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
