





585. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     READ
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of April
, a watch, value 3 l. a watch ribbon, value 3 d. and a key, value 3 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Geeson
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  HANNAH 
                  GEESON
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Geeson
               



            .
Q. Where is your husband's house - A. Green Harbour-court, Little-morefields


; my husband rents the whole house, and we let out a part in lodging. On the 24th of April the prisoner came to take a lodging, he wanted a bed to himself; I took him up stairs to shew him a bed, he came down and said he liked it very well; he was to give me two shillings a week for a bed, there were three beds in the room; this was about half past nine in the morning, he went away. In the afternoon he came again; he then told me he wanted to go to Moorfields, to purchase a box to put a hat in; I told him I thought we had a box to suit him; I asked him three shillings for it, he said he liked it very well, he would go and see whether his hat was done at Mr. Hudson's; he asked me if I could give him some tea; he said he could not get change for a pound note without taking so many halfpence; he told me to bring the box down; I told him he need not fear, the box would suit his hat. He sent me up stairs to get the box, when I came down he was gone.
Q. The room which you left him in, was it the bottom part of the house - A. No, the one pair of stairs; I left him in my room, when I went up to get this box which he said he would buy of me.
Q. Was there a watch there - A. Yes, I had observed it when I went up stairs, it was hanging in a buffet; I looked at it, it was exactly half after three. When I came down in the room, I said there is the box; I turned my head, and found the prisoner was gone. I looked in the buffet, and the watch was gone. The watch has never been found. I never saw the prisoner again till he was taken up. It was a silver watch, my husband had it about fourteen years. I am sure he is the same man.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the woman to my knowledge in my life.
GUILTY, aged 50.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty nine shillings only.
            





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
