





542. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COWARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Powell
                        




                     
                  , Tabitha, his wife, being therein, about the hour of ten in the forenoon, on the 14th of June
, and stealing therein five silver thimbles, value 10 s. and a silver shield value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Powell
                     



.


                  TABITHA 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Powell
               



            , a jeweller
, No. 88, High Holborn, in the parish of St. Andrews Holborn


; we keep a shop, the shop is the lower part of the dwelling house. On the 14th of June I was in the house, about ten o'clock in the forenoon. I observed the prisoner, he was standing about the window looking into the street; he was first looking one way and then another; I was going up stairs to fetch some clothes for my baby, I looked to the shop to see all was right, on my looking towards the shop door I observed the prisoner looking to see if any body was looking, I did not observe that the window was broke; in two or three minutes I observed his hand within the window, I saw him moving some silver thimbles with his forefinger; the silver thimbles were in a drawer close to the window. I went out and took hold of him by the collar; he pushed me back against my left breast; I let go my hold, he ran away across the road; when he got of the opposite side he attempted to go down Feathers-court, a woman sat there with a fruit-stall he could not get down; he turned back, ran a bit and then walked slowly: I holloaed out stop thief all the time; a gentleman in a chaise or gig jumped out and ran after him; he was never out of my sight till the gentleman took him; I was standing at the corner of the pavement opposite of my own house; in a few minutes he was brought back again; then I looked at my window there was a piece of glass entirely out. It was cracked a few days before, it was broken about five inches in length and two inches in width.
Q. How long before you saw the man standing at the corner of the shop was it that you had observed thispane of glass, so as to know whether it was whole or any broken out - A. A very little while before; the shop was not open till near nine o'clock; I put the jewellery between nine and ten in the window, there was no hole then only a crack; the thimbles were not half an inch from that window; if the window had been broken I should not have put the jewellery there. I am certain there was six silver thimbles and a silver shield gone out of the tray, they were laid upon pink cotton wool. When the prisoner was brought back he was taken into the middle room; he was searched, not one of the articles were found.
Q. Did you take any notice of his pockets - A. Not till after he was searched, I observed the lining of his left pocket sticking out, I saw a little of the of the pink cotton wool sticking to the lining of his pocket.
Q. Was there any pink cotton laying about your shop - A. None, except behind the counter, no one could get at it except myself.
MR. HOPKINSON. Q. Were you in Holborn on this day that the last witness spoke of - A. Yes, I was coming down Holborn along with my friend; I saw the prisoner struggling with the last witness, he broke away from her and ran across the street; I kept my eye upon him and seeing nobody stop him I jumped out of the gig and stopped him; I am sure the person that I saw struggling with the last witness is the person that I stopped; I brought him back to her shop. I got away as soon as I could; I just observed the pane of glass was broken as I passed the shop.


                  FANNY 
                  DABINETTER
               



            . I live next door to Mrs. Powell. I heard the alarm at ten o'clock, I went into Mrs. Powell's shop; the prisoner was brought back into the middle room; the lining of his coat pocket was turned inside out; this little piece of pink cotton wool stuck upon the lining of his pocket; Mrs. Powell saw it first; I took it off; Mrs. Powell found some afterwards in the area.


                  PETER 
                  GULLEY
               



            . I assisted in bringing the prisoner back; I found upon him two knives; after that the lady found the cotton on the lining of his pocket.
- HUTCHINS. I am a constable. I was sent for after the prisoner was in the shop; I searched him, I found nothing but these two knives, they were in his waistcoat pocket.
Q. Did you at all observe the window - A. I saw it was broke and some of the things appeared to have been moved; I turned the prisoner's pockets inside out, I saw this lady take off the cotton.
Q. Had you any cotton about you - A. No.
Q. Had you touched any pink cotton - A. No.
Q. to prosecutrix. What are the value of these silver thimbles and shield - A. They are about seventeen shillings a dozen.
Prisoner's Defence, I belong to a ship
; I have been at sea ever since the American war; I came on shore I was in liquor; no doubt what they say is all true; I might fall against the window, but I did not take any thing out.
GUILTY, aged 29.




               Of stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury; before Mr. justice Le Blanc.
