






237. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     ARCHESTONE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of March
, a bed, value 2 l. a blanket, value 2 s. a pair of sheets, value 4 s. a cotton gown, value 4 s. and a skirt, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 36, Peter-street, Westminster


; I rent the house: On the 21st of March, between seven and eight at night, I was standing in the front room, with my wife and a little boy; my wife went out into the yard to get a pail of water, and when she came in she took a candle, and went into the room down stairs, and missed the bed and bedding. The bed was found again at No. 33, Great St. Ann's lane.
- SMITH sworn. - I am the wife of Samuel Smith: On Thursday evening, the 21st of March, I was sitting with my husband in the front room; I had occasion to go into the yard to get a pail of water; I turned and saw the back window open; I knew the window was fastened down with a nail before; we very seldom had it up; I went into the room and saw the bed was gone; the street door was standing open; they must have come in that way; I had left the street door shut, but not locked.
Q. You did not find any person that night? - A. No; on my return into the room again, we looked to know what other things were gone: we missed the blanket, a pair of sheets, a cotton gown, and a black skirt.
Q. Were the blanket and the sheets on the bed? - A. They were when the bed was turned up; we found the bedstead turned down; the skirt and gown were in a little box in the window.
Q. Then you heard nothing all the time of this transaction, and you were in the front room? - A. No.
Q. Did you see any part of your property the next morning? - A. Yes; I left a pattern of the gown at a pawnbroker's, and I had not been home above half an hour before I received information from Mr. Clareson, the pawnbroker; I went to his shop, and there I saw the gown, and knew it to be mine.
Q. Did you see any person at the pawnbroker's? - A. Yes, Sarah Archestone; she told me that it was another person that gave it to her to pledge and she would take me to the place; I went withher and Hobbs, the officer, to 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Baker
               



            's room, No. 33, Great St. Ann's lane; she was sitting in the room; the officer asked Hannah Baker how she came by the gown; she answered that it was some strange person that left it; I told her that the gown that I had seen at the pawnbroker's was my property. The officer put down the bedstead to see for the bed, and my bed was there in her room, upon her bed; I know it was my bed by two pieces that I put on myself, and which I can swear to by those pieces.
Q. Was any thing said then about the bed? - A.She said it was a strange person that brought the bed; the blanket was there likewise, and the skirt; the blanket was on the bed, the skirt was at the side of the bed; she said that 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Brown
               



            , a strange man, had left them there, but she did not mention the time when they were brought: the officer took the bed and the other things to the Office in Queen-square, and the prisoners were secured. They are all here but the sheets; they were never found.
Q. Your front door was not locked or bolted? - A. No; I sell a little milk; the door is generally open in the day, but generally shut in the evening.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. The window of this room you found open; it would have been difficult for any woman to have got over the paling of the yard; whether any man got over you do not know? - A. I do not think that any man could get over.
Q. When you saw the prisoner Baker, after Archestone had got the gown, she told you she had got it, together with a bed, from a man of the name of Brown; not that he was a stranger altogether to her, but that his place of residence she was a stranger to. Is your bed a heavy one? - A. It is rather heavy, a woman was seen with it.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CLEARSON
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker's servant, in King-street, Westminster: In consequence of Mrs. Smith's information, and she leaving a pattern of a gown, about a quarter of an hour afterwards, when the prisoner Archestone came to our shop, with a gown to pledge for eighteen pence, I compared the pattern of the gown with it, and it matched exactly; I then sent to Mrs. Smith, and detained Archestone; she said she was sent with it by another person; she did not say who the person was then; Mrs. Smith came and owned the gown; Hobbs came in a little while afterwards; I kept the gown, and he took Archestone into custody.
- HOBBS sworn. - I am an officer: Smith gave me information the evening before: between eleven and twelve o'clock the next morning, I received information that a woman was stopped with the gown, at Mrs. Barry's, in King-street; I ran down and Archestone was in the shop; I asked her how she came by that gown; she said that a person had given it to her to bring it there to pledge; I asked her who the person was; she said she would not tell me who the person was, but she could take me to the woman; I and Mrs. Smith went with her to No. 33, Great St. Ann's lane, Westminster, up two pair of stairs, in a back-room, and Baker was sitting in the room; she said to Baker, I am stopped with your gown that you sent me with, to which Baker made no answer; I asked Baker how she came by that gown; she said it was brought there last night by a man; that is all she said at that time; I began to search the room, and pulled down the bed; it was a turn-up bedstead, and I found the bed and blanket.
Q. Were there more than one bed on the bedstead? - A. There were two beds on the bedstead, this lay uppermost; I found the skirt by the side of the bed on the floor; I asked her what became of the pair of sheets; she said she did not know any thing at all about the sheets; I asked her how she came by the bed; she said they were brought there by a man last night; I asked her what man it was; she said it was a stranger; I told her it was very unlikely that she would take a bed in of a stranger; she said she had seen him a few times, but not very often; he had called there sometimes to see her; I asked her where he lived; she said she did not know; she had heard him talk that he lived somewhere about the Bun-house, Chelsea. I took them both into custody.
Q. Did she mention his name to you then? - A. Not then, she did afterwards at the Office, before the Magistrate. (The property produced and identified by the prosecutrix.)
The prisoners left their defence to their Counsel
Baker, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 26.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Archestone, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
