





258. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     REYNOLDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of April
, one gallon of raw corn spirits, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Anderson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Spears
                  



               
            .
And Three other Counts, the same as the former, only varying the manner of charging.
(The indictment was read by Mr. Jackson, and the case stated by Mr. Knapp.)


                  THOMAS 
                  WARRENER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are one of the Excise inspectors of the port of London? - A. I am.
Q. Were you at Hawley's wharf


 on the 19th of April? - A. Yes.
Q. Was the prisoner at that time stationed at Hawley's wharf? - A. He was.
Q. Did you proceed in the course of your duty to examine him? - A. Yes, about half-past six in the morning, I went to him and rubbed him down; I perceived him shoving something on one side from the middle of his great coat; I perceived it was two bladders.
Q. What did the bladders contain? - A. One gallon and one pint of Scotch raw spirits.
Q. What is it worth a gallon? - A. Ten or twelve shillings; there were twenty-three casks of Scotch raw spirits there, in hogsheads and puncheons; I took him to the Excise watch-officer at St. Dunstan's hill, and after I had him and the great coat up, I heard something drop; I picked it up, and found it was a large rusty gimblet; I searched him, and found four spiles that had been used and two that had not been used, and two corks; he downed upon his knees and begged for mercy; he owned he was guilty.
Q. What was he? - A. An Excise watchman
.



               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
