





713. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 8th of September
, 5 lb. and a half of wax candles, value 15 s
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Burton
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  BURTON
               



            , jun. Q. Are you son to Mr. Burton - A. Yes, he is a tallow-chandler
, 47, Swallow-street


. The prisoner came into my father's shop and asked for a quarter of a pound of soap, while the young man was serving the soap, he took a bundle of wax-candles and put it under the soap, when the young man gave him the soap, he throwed down six pence, the woman servant pursued him and collared him. I pursued him and lost sight of him, at the corner of Chapel court, the corner of King-street. In King-street, I got sight of him again, when the servant stopped him, the candles laid down by his feet.


                  JAMES 
                  UNDERWOOD
               



            . On September the 8th, about a quarter after six, the prisoner came into the shop, he asked for half-a-quartern of soap, he threw down six-pence, and when I gave him the change he ran away, I am sure he is the man.


                  JAMES 
                  LISTER
               



            . I am a fishmonger, I live in Golden Square, I was sitting in my own shop, I heard the cry of stop thief, I hastened to the door, I saw the prisoner laying in the kennel, he got up before I got to him and ran away, I saw the candles underneath him in the kennel. I pursued him and never lost sight of him.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I was running in Golden Square as well as the rest, they stopped me and said I was the person.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
