





689. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DRUMMOND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 13th of June
, a coat, value 1 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Robinson
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  CLARKSON
               



            . I am the waiter of the Angel inn, St. Martin's-le-grand


. On the 13th of June, Mr. Blackwell, of Sheffield, gave a coat into my care, I hung it upon a nail over a large glass in the coffee room. When the gentleman wanted the coat to go away I went to give the gentlemen the coat, it was gone.
Q. Why do you accuse the prisoner of it - A. Because when he stole the silver spoon his lodgings were searched the duplicate of this coat was found in his possession.
Mr. Alley. Were you answerable for the coat - A. 
               
                  John 
                  Robinson
               



             was the master of the house.


                  JAMES 
                  JOSEPH JONES
               



            . I live with Chandler and Benton, pawnbrokers, Holborn. This is the coat, I took in, it was pawned by a man, I do not know whether it was him or not.


                  THOMAS 
                  PEPPERCORN
               



            . I am an officer. In consequence of taking this man in custody I got a search warrant; I was present at the time the Bow-street officer found the duplicate in the prisoner's bureau.
Q. Whose bureau was it - A. His own; the prisoner told me so himself. The prisoner was not in the house; it was at No. 3, Lower Brook-street where we found this duplicate.
Jones. That is the duplicate I gave to the man that pawned the coat. It was pawned on the 13th of June.
Mr. Alley to Peppercorn When was it you went to Lower Brook-street - A. On the 4th of July.
Q. Where was the prisoner when you found the duplicate - A. In the Compter.
Q. I should be glad to know by what magic you knew this was the prisoner's room, and that the bureau was the prisoner's - A. By a person that told me.
Q. Did you ever see the prisoner unlock the bureau - A. No. The woman below stairs told me it was the prisoner's bureau. The prisoner afterwards in theCompter said I hope you have not broken open my bureau, I told him yes, and what I had found; then he said he hoped his books was safe; I told him I had found the duplicate, he said he was very sorry for it.
The property produced and identified.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . Q. Who is the owner of the house - A. 
               
                  John 
                  Robinson
               



            , my father; he is not at home, I do the business for him; I have no share in the business.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, and called no witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
