





287. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of February
, eleven pounds weight of lead pipe, value 2 s. the property of the 
                     
Mayor and Commonalty of the Citizens of London




                  , fixed to a certain building, called the Coal Exchange



.
Second Count. For cutting and ripping it, with intention to steal it, fixed to a certain building in their possession.
The prisoner standing mute, not pleading to his indictment, and it appearing in evidence to the Court that he was able to speak, the Court charged the Jury to enquire whether the prisoner stood mute by the visitation of God or wilful obstinacy.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HANSON
               



             sworn. - Q. You are one of the turnkeys belonging to Newgate - do you know of this man being brought into prison? - A. I do, he was brought last Thursday week.
Q. Has he shewn any signs that he can hear? - A. After he came into the jail, I put the irons on him, and the basil was rather too tight, he said too tight; I took him out in the front lodge, and put him on a larger basil, he said that would do; this morning, when I called him by the name of Taylor, he said coming, and when he came in, the person who takes the description asked his name, he spoke very loud, 
               
                  William 
                  Taylor
               



            , aged 40.


                  JONATHAN 
                  TROTT
               



             sworn. - I have had him in my custody two or three times, he could always speak to me, he spoke very thick, he always understood me; I went to put an iron on him once, he told me it was too heavy.
Jury's Verdict. - He stands mute obstinate and wilful.
The Court then proceeded in the trial on the indictment.
(The case was stated by Mr. Vaillant.)


                  JAMES 
                  DODD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Watson. Q. What are you? - A. I am an assistant to a wholesale grocer, in Lower Thames-street, the corner of Boss-alley: On the 25th of February, in the evening, when I went through the back door, which leads about a yard and a half to where the pipe was cut, I saw the prisoner; he was rising from off his knees quite near to the pipe, he passed me shutting a knife, I believe; I then went roundthe corner, and looked at the pipe; I found the pipe bent down to the ground about four or five feet, and that was just the spot where I saw the prisoner rise from off his knee. Seeing the pipe in that situation, I followed him, and catched him directly; I brought him back to where the pipe was; I saw his hands were dirty, and the pipe was cut about a yard and a half; I asked him if he knew any thing about it, I could get no answer, he only muttered; the constable said he spoke to him a great many times.
Q. Do you know these premises? - A. Yes, they belong to the Coal Exchange; the day after I shewed the pipe to Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Montague
               



            , of the Coal Exchange.


                  JAMES 
                  MONTAGUE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Vaillant. Q. Is that the pipe that was shewn you by the last witness? - A. Yes.
Q. Was it fixed to the Coal Exchange? - A. Yes, it was.
Q. Does it belong to the City of London? - A. It has been purchased by them, and it belongs to the City of London.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
