





66. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PIERCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of November
, a silver watch, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jenkins
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  JENKINS
               



             sworn. - I live in Nightingale-lane, Limehouse


.
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A. Yes; on the 11th of November he came to my house, I asked him to come in and stay, as it was a rainy day; in about half an hour I had occasion to go up stairs, and upon going up I saw the prisoner draw near the fire; when I came down stairs, he was gone; in about a quarter of an hour I found the watch missing that hung over the mantle-piece.
Q. Are you perfectly sure it was there when you went up stairs? - A. Not perfectly, but I believe it was there; my wife missed it, I left her in the room below stairs; when I went up into the room the prisoner was in; I was out all the morning, I noticed the watch hanging up when I came home, that was about an hour and a half before the prisoner came; I looked to see what o'clock it was, nobody had been there but me and my wife; when I missed the watch, I went to thenearest public-house to see if I could see him; I went to two public-houses, but could not see him; I returned, and in about ten minutes, looking out, I saw the prisoner going by the house, he was reeling as if he was intoxicated.
Q. Did he appear intoxicated when he came about the lodging? - A. I noticed he was in liquor when he sat down in the chair; I followed him, and in about a few minutes he got into a house, I went in after him.
Q. A public-house? - A. No, a private house; I stopped at the bottom of the stairs, and called out Jim; he said, who wants me? and came down; I asked him if he would step over to my house, I wanted to speak to him; he came over to the room where the watch hung, and I asked him if he had seen any thing that hung upon that nail; he said, no; I asked him two or three times, he still refused; I stooped down, and heard the watch tick in his pocket, it was in the lining of his breeches a good way down; after I told him he was the man that had my watch, he asked me to go out backwards, he wanted to speak to me backwards; I told him no, the door should not be opened; he made a stoop, however, by the door, and slid the watch on the table.
Q. Describe the action as well as you can? - A. He unbuttoned his coat, and slid it out under the skirt of his coat on the table.
Q. He did this in a way perfectly open for you to see? - A. Yes.
Q. You saw him unbutton his breeches? - A. Yes, he took the watch from the inside of his breeches; I took up the watch, a labouring man came in, I left him in his custody with my wife, and went myself for a constable, and gave him in charge. (Produces the watch.)
Q. Are you in any business? - A. I work in the Wet Docks, I am foreman of the warehouse.


                  THOMAS 
                  PERKINS
               



             sworn. - I am a watch-housekeeper; Jenkins came to me on the 11th of November, to take charge of the prisoner; I asked the prisoner how he came to do such an action as to rob the man of his watch, and he said he should not have done it if he had not been so much in liquor, he did not know what he was doing; I took him to the watch-house.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
