






124. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SHIRLEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     EWEN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of December
, one hundred and thirty-two light grain dressed calf-skin shoulders, value 10l. and five tanned sheep-skin basils, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Beale
                  




               
            .
(The Case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  EDWARD 
                  BEALE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I live in Kennington-lane, Lambeth, and I have a warehouse for leather
, in Leadenhall-market: On the 22d of December, we had three bundles consigned to Mr. Undershall, whose goods, as a warehouseman, I take in, the three bundles came under my care, in Leadenhall-market


, on Monday the 22d of December; on the Tuesday morning, I saw them early, and about nine o'clock I missed one of the three bundles.


                  RICHARD 
                  TWISDEN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am foreman to Mr. 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Higgs
               



            , carrier, at Sodbury, in Gloucesterihire; on the 15th of December last, I sent off three bundles, directed for Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Undershall
               



            , leather-factor, in Leadenhall-market, I sent them by the carrier to Bristol; one of the bundles contained one hundred and thirty-two light grain dressed calf-skin shoulders, and five tanned sheep-skin basils; I afterwards saw them in the possession of the officer, and identified them positively.


                  THOMAS 
                  STRUTFIELD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am clerk to Mr. Undershall; we received two bundles of leather only from Gloucestershire.


                  GEORGE 
                  PROCTOR
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am porter at the White-bear-inn, Basinghall-street; I received from Parsons's waggon, three bundles of leather, on the 22d of December; I delivered them to 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Stanton
               



            , Mr. Beale's porter, they came by the waggon from Bristol,(produces the way-bill;) they were directed to Mr. Undershall, in Leadenhall-market.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STANTON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. On the 22d of December, I received three bundles of leather from the last witness, in Leadenhall-market, they were directed to Mr. Undershall, and I put them in the warehouse; on the 23d I missed one of them.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I, in company with Ray, apprehended the two prisoners, between seven and eight at night, on Friday the 26th of December, in Crown and Shire-place, at the house of a Mrs. Levy, that goes out of the Minories, into Rag-fair; just as they were entering the door, Ray and I went in after them, and laid hold of them; Ray caught hold of the woman, and as I laid hold of the man, I saw this bundle of leather close to his feet; he said, he knew nothing about them, and she said she found them; I found a key in his pocket, with which I went to a house in Hackney-road, where this key unlocked the door, and in the box in the bed-room, I found three skins, which are here; and under the bed, between the bed and the sacking, I found these skins, which they call basils, I took them to the office, and they were advertised. (Produces them.)
Court. Q. Do you know any thing of this Mrs. Levy? - A. If we had not been time enough, she might have bought them, she is now very near being delivered, or I would have brought her.


                  JOHN 
                  RAY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I was with Armstrong; the woman had got these skins in her lap, (produces them:) there are five or six dozen of them; I saw the man drop those thatArmstrong picked up; we apprehended them both; the two prisoners were locked up in different lockup houses, at Worship-street; the man at the bar desired the woman to tell the Magistrate that she found them under a gate-way, covered over with some straw in Leadenhall-street, she said she would stick to that, and when they were examined, I informed the Magistrate of it.


                  PETER 
                  MASON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am an officer belonging to Worship-street; I went with the woman to the house in Hackney-road, there was a pair of blue pantaloons, which the man said was his, and a gown, which the woman said was her's (A part of each parcel of the property was deposed to by Twisden.)


                  HENRY 
                  HYAMS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. On the 26th of December, I was at Mrs. Levy's house, in a court in Rosemary-lane, when the officers came in; the prisoner Shirley came in first, with a bundle tied in a blue apron, and then the woman came in; he put his on the counter, at the right-hand side as he came in at the door; when the woman came in, she bolted the top bolt of the street-door, with her left-hand, she had a bundle underneath her brown cloak, and then Shirley took the bundle off the counter, and came into the back-room; then there was a knock at the door, and an old gentleman opened it, and the officers came in; then he dropped the bundle immediately, and the woman slipped a parcel of leather from under her cloak.
Shirley's defence. I work at the water-side, and this woman brought these things home, she picked them up; I was very uneasy about their being in the place, and I did not go home all that night, or the next day, I did not like to come home; we live in Hackney-road, and I went with her to Mrs. Levy's house, for she said she could leave them there, and then I could come home.
Ewen's defence. I had occasion to go out of the road a little, and trod upon this parcel; I picked it up and brought it home, and when my companion came home, he was very angry, he went away, and would not come back till it was gone, he was afraid, and we took them to leave them at Mrs. Levy's house, that my husband might come home again, and when we got into the house, this gentleman laid hold of us.
Court. Q. Are you are a married woman? - A. No. Shirley, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 33.
Ewen, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
