





524. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     STAFFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for feloniously 


               stealing on the 21st of July
, a child's frock, value 1 s. and a child's petticoat, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Timothy 
                  Lane
               




            .


                  TIMOTHY 
                  LANE
               



             sworn. I live at No. 6, Blue Anchor yard, Whitechapel


.
Q. Are you a married man. - A. My wife is dead two years back, I was not at home when my child was taken away and stripped; I left the child (she is three years old) in the care of another girl of mine about twelve years old, it is about eight or nine weeks back, on a Monday, I cannot recollect what day of the month it was.
Q. When you came home you was informed the child was stripped. - A. Yes, the next day when the prisoner was in custody, I was sent for to swear to my property.
Q. When you came home at night did you perceive that any of your child's clothes were gone. - A. Yes, I missed the frock and petticoat; she left her under petticoat on her shift and shoes, and thatwas all.
Q. Did you afterwards see the gown and petticoat when the woman was under examination. - A. I did.


                  ANN 
                  CARROL
               



             sworn. I live in Rosemary lane.
Q. Do you know Timothy Lane's child. - A. Yes, she is a little girl of three years of age; the prisoner passed me at the corner of my court, where I sit selling my fruit; she had the child, she asked me who owned the child, I said Timothy Lane.
Q. Look at the prisoner at the bar, and tell me whether you are certain she is the woman. - A. I think she is the woman.
Q. Go up close to her, is that the woman. - A. I partly guess it is, I cannot rightly say, I believe so.
Q. You had no suspicion of her at that time. - A. No. In about an hour after I saw people coming and looking for the child, I described the woman, and told them I saw the child with her; the child was found again the same afternoon. I saw the child again, it had only a little smock and linsey petticoat on then, it was about two hours after I saw the child with the woman.
Q. Did you see this woman again when she was before the justice. - A. I do not know whether it is the same woman, she is altered very much.
Q. Did you see the woman who was taken before the justice for stripping the child. - A. Yes.
Q. Did you know her to be the woman that laid hold of the child in the morning. - A. That it was, certainly.
Q. But you say the person at the bar, if she is the person, is very much altered. - A. Yes.
Q. Are you sure that the woman you saw before the justice upon that charge, was the same woman that took the child. - A. Yes.


                  THOMAS 
                  BURTON
               



             sworn. I am servant to Mr. Bourne, pawnbroker, No. 55, East Smithfield.
Q. Do you know the prisoner. - A. I do, I am positive of her. On Monday the 21st of July, about six o'clock in the afternoon, she pawned a child's frock and petticoat for eighteen pence, she asked half a crown, she went out of the shop and returned again in about ten minutes, I saw her twice, I have not the least doubt she is the woman. I produce the property, I have had them ever since I saw her in Lambeth street office on the 22d.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. I am an officer of Lambeth street office.
Q. Did you apprehend this woman. - A. She is so altered, I cannot hardly speak to the woman, I hardly recollect her; when I apprehended her, it was about six or seven o'clock in the evening, she was so deplorable in dress she was nothing but rags, she was as black as a sweep; I believe her to be the woman that I took up, she was pointed out to me, she was laying drunk in a room in a court in Whitechapel.
Q.(to Carrol) What sort of a woman was it you saw with a child. - A. She way very dirty.
Q. What time in the day was it. - A.Between four and five in the afternoon.
Q. Did she appear to be sober at the time she laid hold of the child. - A. Quite sober and sensible as I thought.
Q.(to Burton) What was the appearance of the woman when she came to your shop. - A. She was quite dirty and black when she pawned these things, and at the time she pawned these things she was quite sober; she went and got drunk with the money that she got for these things. I am certain that she is the person.
Griffiths. I have not the least doubt of her now I look at her face particularly.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ERASMUS HARDY
               



             sworn. Q. Have you the commitment of the prisoner at the bar. - A. I have.
Q. Was this woman committed upon that charge of stripping the child of Timothy Lane. - A. She was, she was committed on the 22nd of July, I have the original commitment before me.
Q. Was that the commitment of the prisoner at the bar upon a charge of stealing a frock and petticoat the property of Timothy Lane. - A. It is so.
Q. That is the woman that was brought in upon that charge. - A. Yes, it is.
Q. You are clerk to Mr. Newman, the keeper of the gaol. - A. Yes.
(The property produced and identified.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
