





10. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of November
, two blankets, value 6 s. two sheets, value 16 s. two tin saucepans, value 2 s. 6 d. a fire shovel, value 6 d. a tin tea-kettle, value 2 s. 6 d. a hearth-brush, value 3 d. and one chair, value 2 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Colin 
                           Forbes
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging room let to the prisoner by contract, to be used in and with the lodging
            .


                  ANN 
                  FORBES
               



             sworn. - I live in Holywell-lane, Shoreditch


; I am a married woman; my husband lives with me: About the middle of October the prisoner took a room of me, ready-furnished, uptwo pair of stairs; she took it weekly, at 5 s. per week; on Friday morning, the 16th of November, about ten o'clock, I missed her in the house; she had lodged with me about three weeks, and from information I had received from a pot-girl, I concluded I was robbed; I went up stairs and knocked at the door, and no one answered; I went into the room, and then I missed all the articles mentioned in the indictment; I have seen them all since; they are here; I went to a house in Turk-street with an Officer, and there I found my chair; I enquired of the landlady if a Mrs. Johnson had come to live there that night; she said she had, and in about half an hour afterwards she was taken by the Officer.
Q. Was she in the habit of receiving any visits at your house? - A. The sister and mother, and another old woman, came into the house, and went up and down stairs.
Q. No men came there? - A. None that I can recollect; only Benjamin Johnson, her husband; I used to let him in regularly of an evening.
Prisoner. My mother offered to make it up to her for two or three pounds, and she said she would not make it up under 9 l.
Q.(To Prosecutrix.) How is that? - A. Oh dear, no; never such a word passed; she begged of me to be merciful; I was very unwilling, as the articles were found, to prosecute, but never no money mentioned.
Prisoner. I did not give the room up, nor was I half an hour out of the place, before she came and said, I had robbed the place.
Q.(To the prisoner.) How long was it till she came to you, after you had robbed that place? - A. About half an hour.
Q.(To the prosecutrix.) You found where the prisoner was within half an hour? - A. Yes, I found her out through her own sister; I followed her sister that very day I missed the articles.
Q. Then you found out where the prisoner was? - A. Yes; I went to the Office in Worship-street, and informed the officer; I got a warrant, and the gentleman went up stairs in Turk-street, Bethnal-green, and took her.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  CORDLE
               



             sworn. - I lived in the one pair of stairs room, in Mrs. Forbes's house, and the prisoner lived in the two pair of stairs room; the saucepan, broom, and tea-kettle, that were missing, were given to me in my room between this woman and I, by Mrs. Forbes, to make use of, and about a week before these things were missing, I left Mrs. Forbes's room: the prisoner at the bar still remained in the house, and when she went away on Friday morning, Mrs. Forbes came to me about this broom, saucepan, and tea-kettle, and told me Mrs. Johnson had robbed her; she told me to go and seek for her, as I had lent them out of my room; I went to find the prisoner, but could not; I found her mother; I told her mother that Mrs. Johnson had taken the things out of the room that I had lent to her; she said she would go and find the daughter; I told her, if she found the daughter, to take the things to Mrs. Forbes; instead of that, she brought the broom, saucepan, and tea-kettle, to my house, where I then lived; she told me Mrs. Forbes was not at home, she would fetch them from my house at two o'clock in the afternoon; she brought them to me at twelve; it was ten o'clock when I found her mother; I went to Mrs. Forbes, and told her that some of the things were left at my house; Mr. Mason came, and took them from my room; I know not whether the prisoner took them from the room, or no.
Prisoner. She went to my mother, and desired her to bring them to her house, and when they took me, the things were taken away by my aunt, and my husband desired me to go back to the room, as I had not given it up.
Q.(To Cordle.) Did you desire her mother to bring the articles to you? - A. I desired her mother, as Mrs. Forbes had come to me for the things, and I will be upon my oath I said, I shall be punished for the things that I had lent out of my room to her, as she had taken them away out of her room; I told her to endeavour to find her, and carry them to Mrs. Forbes's house, and then I said, may be there will be no more of it.


                  PETER 
                  MASON
               



             sworn. - On Friday, the 16th of November, I took the prisoner at the bar in Turk-street, Bethnal-green, and a rush-bottom chair; Mrs. Forbes said, that is my chair; the prisoner then said, if that is your chair, I have left one of mine in the room of it; I took her and the chair to the Office. I went to Mrs. Cordle's house in Holywell-lane; the prisoner's aunt and mother were there, and the tin ware, a blanket, and a brush; they were delivered to Mrs. Forbes, at her desire.


                  JAMES 
                  KING
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker; I live at Messrs. Francis and Parsons's, No. 161, Shoreditch; I produce a blanket pledged for two shillings, on the 12th of November, by the prisoner, I know her well, and a sheet pledged for four shillings by the same woman; I have had them ever since.


                  JAMES 
                  DREW
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker; I have got a sheet pawned on the 3d of November; I cannot say by whom. (The articles produced and identified by the prosecutrix.)
(The prisoner produced a written paper for her defence.)
Q.(To the prisoner.) Can you read that yourself? - A. No.
Q. Who wrote that paper? - A. A young man.
Q.Do you know what it contains? - A. Yes, a woman read it to me.
(Prisoner's defence read as follows.) My Lordand Gentlemen of the Jury, I was never guilty of such an offence before, and I have reason to repent of my past conduct, and hope my former good character will have some weight in my favour; embarrassed circumstances have been the cause of my acting wrong.
Court. It is exceeding wrong of people, not bred to the profession, undertaking to draw in poor unfortunate prisoners, under presence of assisting them; you see, young woman, you have been miserably deluded by this young man.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
