





391. 
               
                  
                     SYLVESTER 
                     WICKHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 22d of June
, two pound eight ounces weight of verdigrease, value 2 l. 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Grace
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Yellop
                  



               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  THOMAS 
                  MUSTON
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am clerk to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Grace
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Yellop
               



            , they are colour manufacturers

 in Old-street


, the prisoner has been six years in their service as a labourer
.
Q. On the 22d of June had the prisoner been there as watchman. - A. Yes, I had let him in on Saturday evening, and I had locked him in there.
Q. Did you attend early in the morning of Sunday close to the gates with two officers. - A. Yes, I did not see him come out of the gate exactly, we stopped him, and desired him to come back when he was just out of the gate, he returned readily; when we all came together to Mr. Yellop's dwelling house the carman, whose business it was to let him out, was standing at the door; he was taken into the house, I told him he was suspected of being dishonest, 
               Garret
             the constable immediately searched him, in each coat pocket he found a parcel of yellow colour, called king's yellow, the two parcels together weighed two pounds and a half, and within his waistcoat and breeches were laid flat and round his body. fourteen pounds weight of verdigrease, it was tied up in a long paper bag.
Q. You are the clerk, was there such a commodity as yellow colour and verdigrease there. - A. There positively was.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp.
Q. I understand you to say he came back very readily. - A. He did.
Q. I suppose from the nature of your trade it was impossible to prove any loss. - A. No, he might have taken twenty pounds, we could not miss any, the quantity is too large.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUBBARD
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am a servant to Messrs Grace and Yellop.
Q. On the morning of the 22d of June did you let the prisoner out of the manufactory. - A. I did, I heard Mr. Muston call to him while I stood at the door.


                  THOMAS 
                  GARRET
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are a constable. - A. I am, I searched the prisoner, I produce what was found upon him, these are the two parcels of yellow colour that I took from his pocket and this is the verdigrease, it was taken from under the waistband of his breeches and his waistcoat.
(The property identified by the prosecutor.)
Thd prisoner said nothing in his defence, called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
