





413. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     TYE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 14th of April
, a gown, value 4 s. a shift, value 1 s. two aprons, value 2 s. a pair of stockings, value 6 d. two caps, value 6 d. two handkerchiefs, value 1 s. and a pair of pockets, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Mills
                  




               
            .


                  ESTHER 
                  MILLS
               



            . I live servant with Mr. Haynes. On the 6th of April I went to bed very ill; I left the key in the door for my fellow servant to come up to bed; when she came up to bed she awaked me, and said she found all my things gone; I missed my gown that I pulled off when I went to bed, two caps, two handkerchiefs, a shift, a pair of stockings, and a pair of pockets.
Q. Are you a married woman. - A. Yes, my husband's name is 
               
                  William 
                  Mills
               



            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  HAYNES
               



             Q. The last witness lived servant with you. - A. Yes. On the night of the 6th of April I found the servant had lost a great many articles of wearing apparel; on the next morning I endeavoured to find the prisoner. From the situation of the chamber I was certain that none but those who knew the house could have gone into the room and taken the things away.
Q. How came the prisoner at the bar to have known the way of your house so well. - A. She has lived servant
 with me at two different times; the last time she lived with me only a fortnight, and the time before not three months; I found her not adequate to my business; I had no other objection to her. The things were missing on the Monday evening; it was Thursday before I found her and then I took her before Mr. Alderman Hankey; I found nothing on her person nor in her lodgings; the officers and I searched her box and found nothing. I told her I would forgive her if she would let the girl have her things.
Q. That is very wrong, now, I cannot hear any more what she said. - A. I applied to the person that she had lived with, and through the means of that person she was taken into custody at the next door to Worship-street office. where she had gone to live servant. This was a week or ten days afterwards; the officers searched her box, and found the things laid in the indictment in my presence.


                  JAMES 
                  GEARY
               



            . I am a constable of St. Luke's. I went to the public house next door to Worship-street office, with Winder and Prince, on Tuesday the 14th of April; the prisoner was a servant there, she had been there about three days. I searched her box; she gave me the key and went up stairs with me. I found these things.
Q. (to prosecutrix). On the night you lost your things did you see the prisoner at the house. - A. No. I went to bed between seven and eight o'clock.
Q. (to Haynes). Had you seen the prisoner that night, or at any time previous in the day at your house. - A. No.
Q. Where do you live. - A. In Shire-lane. I keep an eating-house.
Q. Of course your house is open all day. - A. Yes, till ten o'clock. I went out a little after ten; one of the lodgers very imprudently left the door open then.
(The property produced and identified.)
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
