





269. 
               
                  
                     ROSEY 
                     LOVETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of February
, two tippets, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles Frederick 
                           Giesler
                        




                     
                  , privately his shop
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.


                  JAMES 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . - Mr. Knapp. You live in St. Paul's church yard


. - A. Yes. I am a linen draper
. On the 27th February last, about a quarter before seven in the evening, the prisoner and another person with her came into my shop and enquired for some French cambrics.
Q. In consequence of what passed, did you think it necessary to follow them - A. Yes, and before they got out of St. Paul's church yard, they were joined by a woman who was standing outside, I followed them as far as a dozen doors down Cheapside, they then stopped and held a parley. I passed them and went on the opposite side of the way to see what they would be after; just as I got across they parted, and the two that was in my shop went into Mr. Giesler's the furrier. I crossed over and passed the shop, and the third person was looking in the shop door. I immediately ran home, put on my great coat and a silk handkerchief round my neck, because they should not know me; when I returned to Mr. Giesler's shop, I found the third person was still standing there; the prisoner and another woman was in the shop, and just as I crossed over the third person opened the door and went in. I immediately crossed again and took her station and looked in the shop, I saw the prisoner at the bar sitting on a stool, the others were standing up. I immediately saw her stoop down and pull up her petticoats as high as her knee, and apparently put something up her petticoats, but I could not see what; she then pulled off her patten and put it on the counter, and attempted to tie it; I thought I see her put something up again; she then stood up and they came out of the shop.
Q. All three. - A. No; the prisoner and another woman; when they came out of the shop, I fell back towards St. Paul's church yard, I followed them but a few steps before I saw the end of the tippet hanging down between her legs, I ran after her and caught hold of it and pulled it down, and down came another along with it. I immediately got hold of her arm, I said you have stole the tippets. I called to several gentlemen going past to stop the other person, they did not, I took her into Mr. Giesler's shop. I shewed them the tippets, I marked them and delivered them to the constable.


                  FRANCES 
                  ROBSON
               



            . - Mr. Knapp. Did you serve these women - A. I did.
Q. Is the prisoner one of the women that came into the shop. - A. She is.
Q. Did you know any thing at all of this property being gone till after the prisoner was brought back. - A. I did not see it taken; there was another young man serving in the shop.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going home, it was a very wet night. I had my pattens on as I was passing this door, I thought my patten felt very heavy. I thought it was full of dirt of the street, I went to stoop down to knock the dirt out of my pattens, that gentleman laid hold of me and dragged me into the shop. I know no more of it than a child unborn.

 GUILTY, aged 20.




               Of stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
