





645. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     HALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of August
, two pewter pint pots, value 1 s. 8 d. the property of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Green
                     



                  , and a pewter pint pot, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Tindal
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  TINDAL
               



             sworn. - I live at the Virginia Planter, Shadwell: On the 16th of August the Magistrate sent for me to come to Shadwell-office; I went there, and saw the prisoner and the pot; it has my name on it in full length.


                  RICHARD 
                  GREEN
               



             sworn. - I live at the Black Horse, High-street, Shadwell.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. I never saw him before I saw him at the Office, and there I saw two pint pots with my name on them.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of Shadwell: I received information of a man stealing some pots, and I received information from a little boy, which led me to the prisoner's lodgings; I found him at home, in a place they call Match-walk, Shadwell; I searched in the cupboard, and I found a quantity of pots, and in the side of the fire-place, and amongst them I found two pints of Mr. Green, and one belonging to Mr. Tindal.
Q. What did you say to him, or he to you? - A. He said he knew nothing about them.
Q. Was there any person in that room with him? - A. No, there was only a little boy in the house; he keeps the house.
Q. Any other people living in the house? - A. There is a woman that lives in the house; he was in the room where I found the pots; he made an excuse that he wanted to go up stairs to get his coat; he made a spring at the stairs, and jumped right to the bottom of the house into the cellar; he then got into the garden, and the next minute I happened to step into a pail of water. In the mean while he got over the pails, I pursued him, and in about twenty yards Mr. Bellamy caught hold of him; I am sure he is the man, I was not ten yards from him when he was taken; I only lost sight of him when he got over the paling; I found in his room four pint pots, a half pint pot, a half pint liquor measure, and a half quartern.
Prisoner's defence. At the time I attempted to make my escape I did not know that he was an officer.
Brown. He lives close to my house, he knew me.
(The pots produced and identified by the prosecutors.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 41.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
