





280. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     WEEDON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 18th of January
, a sheet, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Boosey
                  




               
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  BOOSEY
               



            . I live at No. 84, King streetBloomsbury


, my husband's name is 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Boosey
               



            , he is a servant
. On the 18th of January, between seven and eight o'clock at night, I lost the sheet from off the landing place, it was upon a line up one pair of stairs; it was found afterwards in the street.


                  THOMAS 
                  CAREY
               



            . As I was coming past where the prosecutrix lived (I lodge up Lucas court) I heard the door open, I saw the prisoner come out of the door; the prosecutrix house is the corner of Lucas court, the private door is up the passage; as he came out of the door I saw him shoving something under his coat with his left hand, and directly as he went out of the court this woman came out; she said, did you see any body come out of the house; I said a man, pointing to the prisoner; I pursued him; he ran up a passage, and went between a cart and the stable; just after he got past the cart he dropped the sheet; I saw him drop the sheet, it catched my left foot; I pursued him and catched him before he got into Swallow street.
Q. Lucas's court goes into Swallow street - A. Yes. I did not pick the sheet up; I went after the prisoner; I am sure the prisoner is the man; I never lost sight of him.
Prisoner. I should like to know if he means to swear that I came out of the house with the sheet - A. Yes.
Prisoner. I deny that.


                  GEORGE 
                  BROWNE
               



            . I occupy the lower part of the house. I was standing in the back parlour, I heard Mrs. Boosey run down, she asked me if I saw any one go out; I said no; heard a footstep; I ran out; I saw the man, I followed him; I lost sight of him for a moment; immediately I turned round the corner, there I saw him; a cart rather baffled me; he went against a stable and a cart, I gained ground on him; the sheet lay on the ground, I did not pick it up.


                  DAVID 
                  DONALDSON
               



            . As I was coming from my work, between seven and eight o'clock, I saw a man running, and another man very close after him running; the first man I saw him drop something white between the stable and the cart, and I went round behind the cart and picked it up; I found it to be a sheet. Another gentleman was along with me. I made an observation, this is a curious place to dry sheets in. I had no sight of the man that dropped the sheet; Mrs. Boosey came up and claimed the sheet; just by that time the two last witnesses brought up the prisoner; he was taken to the office.


                  JOHN 
                  WARREN
               



            . On the 18th of last month the prisoner was delivered to me; I searched the prisoner; I found two skeleton keys in the crown of his hat, and another small key also; this is a tobacco box; there is matches, tinder, and steel in it; the flint was dropped out in the office, I had no opportunity of finding the flint. These two large skeleton keys I found in his hat. This small one was up his coat sleeve; the tobacco box I found in his pocket.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming up King street, I was laying hold of a young woman; I left her for three minutes; I thought of course I would overtake her; I told her to go into Swallow street; I ran after her, and while I was running to catch her, as I thought, there was a man running before me; he threw a bundle at me, which was them things altogether; I catched them altogether, they were in a white cloth, I catched them at my breast; I know nothing further of them than that. Them keys were not in the crown of my hat, my hat was knocked off in the scuffle. When he took my hat off, he said what have you got in your hat; there was nothing in it; I acknowledge the whole kit of them was in my hand.
MRS. PITT. I live at No. 7, Maiden lane, Covent Garden, I take in plain work for my livelihood. The prisoner called on me on the 18th or 19th of January, it was Tuesday evening, it was to take me out to buy some things for his wife. We were going on from Swallow street to the end of Major Forbes' passage, he let go my arm and told me to go on; not seeing him come back I looked back, I saw the prisoner; a man that was running threw something at his breast; in the fright I run back, I missed him.
Q. Now how much of this is true - A. I have told you every thing that is true.
Q. You are sure it was Tuesday evening, are you - A. Yes, to my certain knowledge.
Q. That happens to be neither the 18th or the 19th - A. I went out with him. I have known him about sixteen years.
Q. What relation are you of his - A. I am no relation of his; I have known him so far as if I was his own sister I could never have known more of him.
Q. Has not he been abroad - A. I never could know that, I have been out of town.
Q. Upon your oath has not he been out of England - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. You cannot say he has not been out of England - A. I have been out of town for a twelvemonth together; I never heard of his being out of the kingdom, if he has it is more than I know; I have been out of town for fifteen months together; I always heard that he was about his business. He resided about Covent Garden and Long Acre.
Q. Do you mean to say that you never heard of his being at Portsmouth, or Plymouth, or at Woolwich - A. No; I did not trouble my head about him.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
