





404. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CHAPLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of April
, a gown, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Porter
                  




               
            .
ISABELLA PORTER sworn. - My husband's name is 
               
                  James 
                  Porter
               



            : I lost a gown on the 8th of April; I live in St. Ann's-court, Soho


; my husband is a tailor
; the gown was taken out of the shop a little past ten o'clock at night, it was hooked off the line by means of a hook or stick, it hung by the shop door; he was watched by a woman, who saw him pull it off.


                  LOUISA 
                  ALLEN
               



             sworn. - I live in St. Ann's-court: I saw two men walking up and down the court, they stopped at several doors; it was before ten at night, the prisoner was one of them; I saw the prisoner go to a butcher's shop, and try to open the door with his hand; he then looked through the window to see where the fastening was; he then tried to push up the window; the watchman then came out of a court, about fifty yards from them, and cried, past ten o'clock; they then ranaway; I went and told the butcher that there had been two men trying to open his shop, the butcher then came out, and stood opposite his own shop, and watched till they came back again; when they came back, I looked them both in the face, 
               
                  John 
                  Chaple
               



             I could swear to, the other I could not; they went to the butcher's shop, and then to the door of Mrs. Porter; I saw them hook the gown down with a hooked stick, the other man, not this one; the butcher then cried, stop thief, and ran after them, one ran one way, and the other the other; the one that took the gown was not taken, that is all I know about it.


                  JOHN 
                  HANDWIDGE
               



             sworn. - I am a butcher in St. Ann's-court: I went out to watch these men, I stood just opposite my own shop; they could not see me, I was in a gateway; I saw two men come up, and went to my shop window; I heard the other whisper to him, and they both went back; they went to Mrs. Porter's shop, and there they stood for about half a minute before they hooked the gown off; I did not know what the thing was then, I saw the stick, it looked like a very large walking stick; I immediately ran after them, and cried, stop thief; one ran down Swan-alley, and the other across Wardour-street; I pursued the prisoner at the bar into a little place, called Duck-lane; there was no thoroughfare; the watchman hearing me calling stop thief, he went after him, and laid hold of him just before me; he was taken to the watch-house; I lost sight of him just turning round the corner of St. Ann's-court, I am sure he is the same man; the other man escaped; they dropped the property just at the corner of Swanalley.
Prisoner. Q. Can you say I am the same man that was in the court? - A. You are the man I pursued.


                  JAMES 
                  CLARKE
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman of St. James's; I had done calling ten o'clock at the time I heard the cry of stop thief; I saw the prisoner running, I ran after him, and caught him; I took him to the watch-house.
- PAINE sworn. - I was constable of the night; the prisoner and the property were brought to me.
Prosecutor. This is my property, it was hanging up in the shop; it was in my hands ten minutes before.
Prisoner's defence. I had been to spend the evening along with a friend, and I was going home up Wardour-street; I heard a noise, and went to see what was the matter, and the watchman laid hold of me.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . aged 19.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
