






159. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving two coach cushions, value 18s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Coleman
                        




                     
                  , stolen by Thomas Glen, he having been convicted of stealing them; he, the said 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Smith
                     



                  , well knowing them to have been so stolen
            .(The record of the conviction of Thomas Glen, in September Session produced.)


                  THOMAS 
                  COLEMAN
               



             sworn. - I am a chandler
, in Westmoreland-street, Mary-le-bonne; I had hired a chaise, and about five o'clock in the morning of the 6th of July last, I looked at it, the horse was not there as it rained; I laid my hand on the cushions, which were of a drab colour, bound with worsted lace; about six o'clock, I went out again to see if the rain was over, and they were gone; Glen was taken about eight o'clock; I got a warrant against Smith, who keeps a little iron shop in John's-court, Mary-le-bonne-lane, but we found nothing there, we went about nine o'clock.


                  HENRY 
                  OAKLY
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 2, John's-court: On the the first Monday in July, I opened the shop-door about seven o'clock, and saw 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Glen
               



             standing at the prisoner's door, with a couple of drab-coloured chaise-cushions; he went in with them, and I stood at the door till he came out again without them; I never saw the cushions before.


                  WALTER 
                  NORRIS
               



             sworn. - I am a carpenter: On Monday the 6th of July, I was passing Mary-le-bonne lane, in the morning, and saw Glen standing at Smith's door, with two chaise cushions; I knew him to be a bad character; he had them on his back, and stooped as if he was ill; I asked him what was the matter, he said, he had a bad pain in his back; then the prisoner opened the door, and he went in; I asked the prisoner whether he had any old hinges, he said, no.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. How does Smith's door open? - 
               A. 
            Inward.
Q. The man who opened it was concealed? - A. I saw him and spoke to him, I knew him by fight.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHRISTLE
               



             sworn. - I am a painter and glazier, No. 54, Paddington-street: Going out in the morning of the 6th of July, I saw Glen was liberated, and I went with the constable and apprehended him; I then went to the corner of John's-court, and watched Smith's door, and saw him take some gowns from the door, and put them into a bag, and saw him and his son come out with a bundle about eighteen inches square; I followed them, but lost them in an instant.


                  JAMES 
                  PRIDDY
               



             sworn. - I am constable and took the prisoner.
Prisoner's defence. They said, if I would leave my shop, they would never trouble themselves with me; Oakley wants to turn my shop into a shoemaker's; Christie said, they never should have looked at me, or thought of the prosecution, if it had not been at the persuasion of Christie; as to the cushions I know nothing of them.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
