





492. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MORRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of April
, two waistcoats, value 13 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Matthew 
                           Swift
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  MATTHEW 
                  SWIFT
               



            . I live at No. 15, Sparrow-corner, Minories; I am a slop seller
 and salesman
; I have another house in King-street, Tower-hill


. On the 27th of April, the prisoner came to my other house in King-street; about two o'clock in the afternoon my brother came up and told me there was a man came in the shop, and stole the waistcoats; I went down to the shop, No. 17, in King-street; I went in and perceived the prisoner with my other servant, Mahony, in my back premises below stairs; the prisoner had his coat off. Mahony told me that the prisoner had offered him a shilling to let him go; the prisoner denied if, he said that he offered it to get something to drink; the prisoner requested me to let him go, saying that his master where he lived would probably turn him away if he apprehended he was charged with such a thing; I asked him who his master was; he told me Mr. Adams the upholsterer, in the Minories; I told him I would send for him; he then denied living with him, and fell on his knees, begged me to forgive him and let him go; I told him I had lost a deal of property, and if he had robbed me I was determined to punish him; I had sent for an officer, I turned round to see if an officer was coming towards the front door, at that time he took a waistcoat from some part about him and put it on a chair close behind him; I turned round and asked him how he came to put it there, when he said he had none, he said that was all he had robbed me of, and begged me upon his knees to let him go; I told him no, I had sent for an officer and would punish him; my brother and the officer at this moment came in; I shewed my brother the waistcoat which he had put on the chair; my brother stated that was not the waistcoat that was stolen from the front shew, and went immediately and fetched a pattern waistcoat of the one he had missed; the officer immediately proceeded to search him, he searched every part but his hat; he then said probably he has got it in his hat; Mahony took the hat off the prisoner's head, in the crown of which was a waistcoat of the same pattern that my brother produced; the prisoner said Mahony, my servant, had put it in his hat; the prisoner never had his hat off while I was in the warehouse with him; the officer took the two waistcoats and secured the prisoner.
Mr. Reynolds. In what parish is this house of yours, this warehouse, No. 17, King-street, Tower-hill - A. St. Botolph, Aldgate, and some call it the Tower-royalty; the tax gathers always collect as in St. Botolph, Aldgate, Lower precinct.
COURT. Did you ever hear that the Royalty was a separate parish - A. No; one is in the City, and the Royalty is without.
Mr. Reynolds. For what you know there may be something attached to the Royalty, distinct from St. Botolph's, Aldgate - A. That I do not know.
Q. What sort of a shop is this of yours - A. There is a shew of goods internally; the windows are taken out entirely; we shut up at night with the shutters my way of hanging my goods is internally, other shops externally; there are two persons to serve in that shop my man and my brother, he is not here; my man was bound over, he is here.
- MAHONY Q. You are shopman to Mr. Swift are you not - A. Yes; in King-street, Tower-hill.
Q. Do you know the person of the prisoner - A. Yes. On the 27th of April last, about two o'clock in the afternoon, he came to my master's shop, he asked me for my master's brother; I told him he was not in the way; he said he had partly agreed for a coat and waistcoat of him and he would wish to see him; I told him if he would take care of the door for five minutes I would go and fetch him; I went for my master's brother at my master's house in Sparrow-corner; when I returned back he was not at the door where I left him. I went into the shop I did not see him in the shop; I went from there into the back warehouse, and there I saw him.
Q. Do you use that back room as a shop too - A. Yes; the clothes are laid up in the back warehouse on shelves, and they outside of the door hung on railing.
Q. Is that railing outside of the door or within side- A. It is where the windows should be; the windows are taken out to shew the goods, and the clothes are hung upon the railings; and the railings are within side; the railings is at the center of the window, and these things are hung where the panes of glass should be.
Q. You say you found him in the back warehouse - A. Yes; he had a patent cord waistcoat in his hand; he asked me if I could tell him the price of that waistcoat; I told him when my master's brother came he would tell him the price of the waistcoat; I left him then in the back warehouse, and came to the door, and as my master's brother was coming down I missed the waistcoat that hung at the door on the railing.
Q. When did you see the waistcoat hanging there before - A. When I went for my master's brother I saw it then, I am positive of; I told my master's brother this waistcoat was gone from the door while I was gone for him; master's brother went into the warehouse, I remained at the door.
Q.Had you ever seen the prisoner before - A. He was one day in our shop but he bought nothing. In about five or ten minutes master's brother called me in; he said this young man came for nothing but a thieving; he told me to take care of him while I go for an officer; while he was gone for an officer the prisoner offered me a shilling; then master came in, and the officer; when the officer had searched him, I found the waistcoat in the crown of his hat; the prisoner said I put the waistcoat there. Upon my oath I never saw the waistcoat there until his hat was taken off.
Q. Did you see the waistcoat that was picked up from the chair - A. I did; I know it to be my master's waistcoat.
Q. Before it lay on the chair what part of the shop was that waistcoat in - A. At the further end of the warehouse there were fifty waistcoats upon the shelf; I cannot say particularly when I saw it before.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am headborough of the Old Tower, without the city.
Q. Do you know this shop in King-street - A. It is in the same liberty as I live in myself; in the parish of St. Botolph, Aldgate, lower precinct. When I came into the warehouse I searched the prisoner; at first I found nothing; the prisoner had his hat on, I said he had nothing concealed on him, except it was his hat; Mahoney took off his hat; it was concealed in his hat; it appeared to be put in very exactly and level; I took the prisoner in custody, and I took the waistcoat that was in the hat; Mr. Swift gave me another waistcoat.
The property produced and identified.
Q. to prosecutor. What is the value of the waistcoat found on the chair - A. Six shillings and sixpence; they both cost me alike, only this is soiled.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to the London docks to see a cousin of mine; this man wanted me to buy some clothes before he called me in; I called on that day to see whether that young man was there, and this man told me he would go and call him; his brother took me up stairs to look at a coat, this man never mentioned that it is the brother I dealt with. I bought a pair of breeches of him about two months before.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY
            , aged 35.
Of stealing to the value of four shillings and ten-pence only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               




