





613. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     RILEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault on the King's highway, upon 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Atkinson
                        




                     
                  , on the 9th of Septer
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, a silver watch, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Atkinson
               



            .


                  RICHARD 
                  ATKINSON
               



             sworn. - I am a journeyman carpenter
: A little after eleven o'clock I was in High-Street, Bloomsbury


; the prisoner at the bar spoke to me, I pushed her away again; she came again and walked ten yards with me, and I gave her sixpence to get rid of her; she stopped a little while by me, and she snatched the watch out of my fob and ran away; I pursued her; she was taken by 
               
                  James 
                  Fitzpatrick
               



            ; I never lost sight of her.


                  JAMES 
                  FITZPATRICK
               



             sworn. - I apprehended the prisoner; I heard the cry of watch.
Q. Did you see the prisoner running? - A. No, she was walking gently along.
- FREEMAN sworn. - I was standing at the door where I work; the came by me running; as she turned the corner she offered the watch to two girls, and neither of them would take it; when Fitzpatrick took the prisoner and brought her across the road, he brought her upto the gentleman, and she put the watch into his left coat pocket; I informed Fitzpatrick of it.
Fitzpatrick. I found the watch in his own coat pocket, according to the information of the last witness, about a quarter of an hour afterwards; I produce it (The watch identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I was going along Broad St. Giles's, the prosecutor staggered against me; I told him not to shove me down; he put his arm round my neck; I walked along with him; he gave me sixpence; I told him I would not go with any gentleman for sixpence; I put the sixpence in my pocket and left him; I was not gone five or six minutes before I was stopped; I never saw any watch.
GUILTY, aged 28,
Of 


               stealing, but not violently from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
