






238. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of January
, a deal box, value 5s. and one hundred and fifty pounds weight of thread, value 20l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     M'Whirter
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     M'Whirter
                  



               
            .


                  ANDREW 
                  M'WHIRTER
               



             sworn. - I am a muslin and thread manufacturer

, and live at Paisley, in Scotland: On the 31st of January, I was in the coffee-room at the Axe Inn, in Aldermanbury


; and between six and seven o'clock a waggoner came with three boxes of thread, in a cart, for me, he came with a bill to receive payment for the carriage; I went to the gateway, and there were only two boxes; the waggoner said, there was one stole while he came to enquire for me; the alarm being given, we went, some one way and some another; a gentleman and I went up Basinghall-street, as far as London-wall, but could see nothing of the prisoner; as we came back, we looked into every passage, and I saw the prisoner standing in one; I went up to him, and he seemed to interrupt me from going into the passage, which was a thoroughfare; he looked me straight in the face, and asked me if I knew him; I said, I did not know that I did; he was standing by the box, with his coat-tail over it; when he found I would go on, and that I saw the box, he then run off; the other gentleman pursued him, and I stood by the box; he was taken and brought back; the constable came and took him into custody; I can swear to him; I don't know the name of the passage, being a stranger; the box is not here, but there is some of the thread, which is marked with my name.


                  THOMAS 
                  COLE
               



             sworn. - I am a muslin manufacturer: I was in the coffee-room when the alarm was given that the box was stole from the cart; I pursued him with Mr. M'Whirter and when he ran away, I ran after him, and was very few yards from him all the way, I did not lose sight of him; I brought him down, and delivered him to the constable; that is all I know.


                  THOMAS 
                  TEASDALE
               



             sworn. - I am porter at the Axe Inn: ON the 31st of January, a carman brought three boxes; he came to the accompting-house and asked for Mr. M'Whirter; the boxes were at yard and a half long, and a yard board; the carman was desired to go into the coffee-room, where the gentleman was, and he went; the book-keeper says to me, Tom, you had better run down the gateway, for I don't believe there is any body with the cart; I run down, and saw two men at the side of the cart; says I, halloa, what are you doing there; one run up the Bury, and the other down; then I run up the gateway, and said, carman, carman, you will be robbed; the waggoner run to the cart, and said, Lord, one of the boxes is gone; by making the alarm, Mr. M'Whirter and Mr. Cole came out of the coffee-room I ran one way, and they ran anothter; they took the prisoner.


                  JAMES 
                  FLETCHER
               



             sworn. - I am a carman: I know no more; but a box was lost out of the cart on the 31st of January, which I saw at the Mansion-house next day.


                  JAMES 
                  PRIOR
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: I produce some of the property taken from the prisoner.(The thread was produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor.
Prisoner's defence. I had been for my master, who is a brush-maker, to London-wall; and in coming home, I went down this street, and was standing at the corner of a court to make water; as soon as I got there, they came from over the way and looked me in the face; says I, do you know me; my wife had been with me, but she went on before; I then went away, and they called out, stop thief, and they stopped me, and brought me back; I have nobody to appear for me; my master would, but he has not been out of his bed these three months.
Jury.(To Prosecutor.)Q. When you first saw the prisoner, was he making water? - A. No; he was standing with his hands at his sides.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 23.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
