





508. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     EMMETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 18th of August
, a gown, value 4 s. an apron, value 9 d. a pair of stockings, value 6 d. a handkerchief, value 6 d. and a tea caddie, value 9 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Pugmire
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  PUGMIRE
               



             sworn. I am a widow
 woman, I live at No. 16, Headon street, Swallow street


.
Q. When did you lose your property. - A. On the 18th of August I went out about four o'clock in the morning to wash; I left the prisoner in my lodgings, I had taken her in to live with me, I had kept her in victuals and drink for almost three weeks; she had left her aunt.
Q. You took her in because you believed her to be in distress. - A. Yes.
Q. What time on the 18th of August did you come back. - A. About twelve o'clock in the day.
Q. Was the prisoner there when you returned. - A. No, she was gone with my clothes, she left me nothing but what I have on me now; I saw her again when she was in custody, and my clothes were on her back.
Prisoner. I gave your mother a shilling for the tea caddy, I gave a shilling off the bed gown, and whatever I had to expend they partook of.
- GREGORY sworn. I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner on the 28th of August; I found this gown on her back, and she had the stockings on, I believe, but the woman could not be sure; she acknowledged to the magistrate they were the prosecutrix' stockings; I produce the gown. I did not take her for this offence, I took her for six more.
Prisoner's Defence. I pledged a light gown of mine to fetch this woman's out of pledge; I lent her a shilling to fetch some soap and candles; I was to give her a shilling for the tea caddy, the mother said this shilling will pay for the tea caddy; the bed gown I was to have for eighteen pence, I paid the mother a shilling off that to get some breakfast.
Q.(to prosecutor) Did you give her permission to pawn your things. - A. I never gave her any permission.




               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
