





477. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     DIXON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of June
, 28lb. weight of sugar, value 12s.
             the property of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Searle
               



             and 
               
                  Edward 
                  Smith
               



            .
Second Count. Charging it to be the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Archer
               



            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  SEARLE
               



             sworn. - I am a grocer
 in partnership with Edward Smith: On Wednesday evening last we sent out a load of goods in a tilted cart; the carman is here.


                  JOHN 
                  ARCHER
               



             sworn. - On Wednesday evening last, the 2d of this month, I received, from Messrs. Searle and Smith's house, a parcel, containing twenty-eight pounds of sugar; when I came to the house of Mr. Dixon, in Queen-street, Soho, I delivered his goods according to the order; while I was looking at the bill, to see the things were right, I saw the prisoner, 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Dixon
               



            , take twenty-eight pounds of sugar out of the cart, and go away with it; upon which I followed him, and took it from him; he made a stout resistance and then run off; I pursued him, crying stop thief.
Q. Did you lose sight of him? - A. Yes; he was taken by a person that came up while he was struggling with me; I met them in Moor-street, Seven-dials, bringing him back.
Q. Are you sure he is the same man? - A. Yes; I saw his face; I know him by his face and his clothes likewise; I am sure he is the same man; he was not out of my sight two minutes.(Thomas Mallard, an officer, produced the sugar, which was identified by Archer.
Prisoner's defence. I never saw that man till I saw him at the watch-house.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
