









34. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MARTIN
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     JONES
                  



               
            , 
               
                  MARIA 
                  KILBY
               



            , 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SHARPE
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     PEARCE
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing from the person of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , on the 14th of November
, a pocket book, value 2 s. a ten pound bank note, a two pound bank note, and three one pound bank notes, and two one pound promissory notes
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a cheesemonger
, No 92, Edgware-road. I know the prisoner Kilby, she had been a customer of mine. On Tuesday, the 14th of November, I was passing along, I was called back by the prisoner Kilby, she asked me if I would coume over to the public house, the Olive Branch, at the bottom of Homer-street, Paddington


, she would pay me what she owed me; we went in and had something to drink, she said she should be glad to speak to me, she asked me to go with her to the door, I went with her out at the back door; she then told me she could not pay me any thing that day; we returned back again. When I came in I pulled out my pocket book to pay the reckoning.
Q. At the time that you pulled out your pocket book who was in your company - A. The four prisoners at the bar; 
               
                  Martin 
                  Kilby
               



            , Sharpe and Jone; not Pearce; I took out a one pound note to pay for some liquor that we had; they had all partook of the liquor. I put the pocket book upon the table.
COURT. What time of day was it - A. Between two and half after three.
Mr. Knapp. In opening of your pocket book could they see you had a quantity of notes - A. Most likely they could. I had notes to the amount of one hundred and sixty-two pound; I paid six shillings and ten, pence for the liquor; it was gin; I took the change and returned the pocket book into the same pocket, and sat down for a quarter of an hour, and had something more to drink, Maria Kilby sat on one side of me and Sharpe on the other.
Q.How long did you sit with this agreeably society - A. About a quarter of an hour; we had gin again, no beer. In about a quarter of an hour I set off to go home, and in about five minutes after I had been out of the door I missed the pocket book; I returned back to the house and learned that they were all gone. A person sent to Dent the constable; he came, I told him the case; we went in search of the prisoners; from information we went to Mary-le-bone watchhouse and saw 
               
                  Maria 
                  Kilby
               



             there, and Jones; I gave charge of them; they were both of the party. We stopped there sometime and in came Martin.
Q. Did Kilby and Jones say any thing before Martin came in - A.Kilby said she knew the person that had the pocket book. Martin came in to enquire for Mrs. Jones, I gave charge of him.
COURT. How near was Martin to you at the time you were sitting in the Olive Branch - A Sharpe sat next to me, and then Kilby on the other side; Jones next to her, and then Martin. I am sure Martin was in my company at the Olive Branch.
Q. How soon did you see Sharpe or Pearce - A. On the next day Sharpe came after the other prisoners at the justice's room, the constable seeing her took her in custody; she said she was the person that stole my pocket book, and she had given it to Martin, and that Maria Kilby had put her to do it.
Q.When did you see 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Pearce
               



             on this business - A. I saw her that day at the watchhouse.
Q. Have you ever recovered any part of your property again - A. I cannot say I have not seen a part of it, and that is a ten pound bank note in the possession of Mr. Blackman, a publican. I received that note from Thomas Thrall, his name is endorsed on it, and likewise mine; I received it about three days before I lost it; I am sure it was in my pocket book when I was at the Olive Branch.


                  JAMES 
                  DENT
               



            . I am a constable. On Tuesday the 14th of November, between five and six in the afternoon, Mr. Jones applied to me, I went with him to the Olive Branch, I made enquiry of the landlord; we came down to Mary-le-bone watchhouse, there we found Kilby and Jones in the watchhouse, drunk; I searched them, I found nothing upon either of them; Kilby said she had not had the pocket book, but Sharpe took the pocket book from Mr. Jones's pocket and gave it to the prisoner Martin. About a quarter after eleven o'clock Martin came into the watchhouse to enquire after Jones,we took him in custody and searched him, and found nothing upon him; Pearce was brought to the watch-house for being disorderly in the street; we took them before the magistrate the next day; Jones, Martin and Kilby were committed; Sharpe came in, she was searched; I found nothing upon her; Sharpe said, in the presence of Howard, that she did take the book and gave it to the prisoner Martin. After that we went to Mr. Blackman, a publican; in consequence of enquiries Mr. Blackman produced a ten pound bank note, and two ones, I put my name to the back of them all; on the ten pound note was the name of Thrall. We went to the Lamb and Flag and Mr. Peck produced seven pound more in notes.


                  HENRY 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I am a constable. I went with Dent to find out these persons.
Q. Were you present at the time this ten pound note was produced by Blackman - A. I was.
Q. Your evidence is precisely the same as the last witness - A. Yes.


                  RICHARD 
                  BLACKMAN
               



            . I keep the Red Lion, Duke-street, Manchester-square. I know the prisoner Martin.
Q. Did he deliver to you any bank notes - A. Yes. On the day of the robbery, between four and five o'clock, he came to pay me about forty shillings that he owed; he worked for a plaisterer in the neighbourhood.
Q. What did he deliver to you - A. A ten pound note, and two one's, bank notes; he gave me the notes; I advised him to go home on account of his being so drunk. This is the ten pound note, here is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Thrall
               



             to Mr. Jones upon it; I am sure I received it from Martin.


                  THOMAS 
                  THRALL
               



            . I keep a wharf at Paddington, I went to the prosecutor's to get changes for a ten pound note.
Q. Look at that note and tell me whether that is the note that you delivered to him - A. Yes, it is; that is my hand writing.


                  MARY 
                  PILKINGTON
               



            . My father is a plaisterer in Gray's-buildings, Duke-street, Manchester-square.
Q. Do you remember seeing Martin - A. Yes, on day the robbery happened, between four and five in the afternoon; he shewed me a five pound and a ten pound bank note.
Q. to prosecutor. What colour pocket book was yours - A. Black.
Q. Take that ten pound note in your hand - A. That ten pound bank note I received from Mr. Thrall; I had it in my pocket book that day.
Martin's Defence. I left there about three o'clock in the afternoon to go to my work, when I got there I could not see. The prosecutor, before the magistrate, said that he did not miss his pocket book till he got home.
Jones's Defence. I know nothing at all of it.
Kilby's Defence. That woman, Sharpe, owned she took it from the side of the gentleman; I told him that I saw her give the book to the man, but I did not see her take it.
Sharpe's Defence. I took the book, I do not recollect what I did with it, I wish to have the money what I am to suffer for.
Pearce was not put on her defence.
MARTIN - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 48.




               Transported for Life
            .
JONES - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
KILBY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
SHARPE - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PEARCE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Grose.
