





89. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of December
, twelve pound weight of lead, value 3 s.
             the property of the 
               
surviving trustees of the honourable society of the Inner Temple




            .
The case was stated by Mr. Valiants.


                  GEORGE 
                  WAGGONER
               



            ; examined by Mr. Pooley. You are a watchman of the Temple. - A. Yes.
Q. Were you on the night of Christmas day stationed at the bottom of King's bench walk. - A. Yes, adjoining the King's bench office. I saw the prisoner go by my box.
Q. Was it light enough for you to know him. - A. No, in about ten minutes after he went down, I went down to it, I heard a cracking among the slates; it was another watchman that told me that the man was down there getting the lead off. I told him to be carefull when I give him the alarm; I went back to the place, I heard something drop; by the hollowness of the found I thought it was lead, the prisoner at the bar came forward, I asked him what he had got there, he said it was lead, he said he had nothing but what he had brought with him; he was carrying it under his jacket under his arm; I sprung the rattle, and the other watchman came up to my assistance; he took the lead from him, we secured him.
Q. Did you afterwards go and look at the place from whence the lead had been taken. - A. Yes.
Q. Did you find any had been missing. - A. Yes, it was evident to be seen.
Q. What time of night was it. - A. The clock had gone six, before he came down, it was about twenty minutes after six. The constable fitted it to the place.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHERIDAN
               



            . Q. you are a constable. - A. Yes. I produce the lead. I went and saw it fitted to the place, it fitted exactly; there is fifteen pound of it; there is two pieces taken from the gutter and one from the ridge, they corresponded exactly.
Q. Then there is no doubt for you to say that that is the lead that was taken from that place. - A. There is no doubt of it.
MR. NORRIS. I produce the deed.
Q. Is that the deed of trust. - A. Yes.
Q. Be so good as to say the names of the trustees. - 
               A. William Lascelles
            , Esq. 
               
                  Francis 
                  Maseres
               



            , Esq. 
               
                  James 
                  Mingay
               



            , Esq. Right Hon. 
               
                  John 
                  Lord Redesdale
               



            , 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Shaw
               



            , Esq. 
               
                  William 
                  Chayton
               



            , Esq. 
               
                  John 
                  Eamer
               



            , Esq. Right Hon. 
               
                  Nathaniel 
                  Bond
               



            , Benjamin Way, Richard Richards, 
               
                  Richard 
                  Baker
               



            , 
               
                  Robert 
                  Foster
               



            , and Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Clayton
               



            ; these are the surviving trustees. I am the first treasurer.
MR. BETHEL. Q. Did you see that deed executed, A. I did.
Q. I believe your hand writing is there. - A. That is my name.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from Black-friars road, and going across the end of Water-lane I found this lead coming on as far as the Temple I had occasion to go to the privy, and when I got to the privy I heaved this lead down on the flag stones, and when I got out again I took it up. I was going to Ogle street.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
