





384. 
               
                  HANNAN 
                  HOWARD
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of March, a muslin cravat, value 1s. and a common prayer-book, value 1s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Vanses
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  VANSES
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 6, John's-place, John's-row, St. Luke's, Old-street


, and am a watch-maker
: On the 11th of March, about ten o'clock, my daughter, who is about thirteen years old, gave me a clean cravat, and I left the dirty one on the table; I went out and left the house in her care; when I went back, about half-past eleven, I found a gentleman there, but my daughter was gone out; he said, a young woman had called, and they were gone out together; we went together to see if she was playing in the street, but could not find her; about a quarter past twelve I found her at home.

ELIZABETH VANSES sworn. - I am daughter to the prosecutor; about five or ten minutes after he went out, on the 11th of March, a knock came to the door, which I opened, and the prisoner came in, she said, give us a piece of bread and butter, I said, in that chest; she then said, who has got the key? I said, my father; she said, there are more keys than one? I said, yes, but I must not try to open it; she said, where does your father keep his watches? I said, up stairs, and he had the key; she said, can't you frisk a watch? I said, no; then she said, she would learn me her trade, and we should go to St. Catherine's lane together; just as she said, that, a gentleman came for his watch; he said, he felt himself indisposed, and begged I would get him a little liquor; the prisoner, before I could get up, took hold of the bottle and the sixpence, which he gave her, and we fetched the liquor, but she would have the common liquor instead of the best, and kept the difference; we came back, and the gentleman offered her a glass, which she took, and beckoned me out: I was afraid she would try to get something if she staid, and I went with her; I wanted to get away from her, but she would not quit our house, without I went with her; we went down Goded-lane, and as I was going along, I saw the end of my father's neckcloth hang out of her pocket; I said, that is my father's; she said, you lie; I put my hand to her pocket, and felt something like a book; then we went home, and parted between Henry-street, and New-street; I looked for the prayer-book and neckcloth directly, but could not find them.
Q.Did you know the prisoner before? - A. I knew her four or five weeks.
Q.What was she? - A.She stiles herself a frisker; I did not know what it meant, till they explained it to be a bad girl; she said, first, would I frisk a watch; but when I said I did not know what she meant, she said, would I thieve a watch.
Q. Where have you seen her? - A.When I came out with work, she and others always used to surround me, when I used to come out with two or three hundred pounds worth of value of my father's master's, wanting to get the property from me; she lived in Henry-street, near Old-street-square, where her companions live, they call her the queen of the square; since she has been in prison, she has sent her gang, who said, they would murder me if I appeared against her.
Q.Did you know the person who came for the watch? - A. Yes; I was afraid my father would lick me, if he found her there; I am sure the neckcloth was on the table, and the prayer-book laying by it, which I had just laid out of my hand; they were found upon her.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. The reason you went out, was, to get rid of the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Q. The gentleman sent you for some gin? - A. Yes.
Q.Did you drink any? - A. I did not taste it, I am not suffered.
Q.Did he know the prisoner? - A. No.
Q.Before he came, had you threatened to hang yourself? - A. No.
Q.The gentleman dropped half-a-crown, I believe? - A. Yes.
Q.Which you said you would keep for his sake; did not you? - A.No.
Q. Did you not take it with you out of the house? - A.No.
Q. Did you not take your own handkerchief off and put it on her neck? - A. No.
Q. Do you mean to swear that? - A. Yes.
Q.Have you ever been at Dr. Latham's? - A. Yes, I have.
- LUCAS sworn. - The prisoner was described to me, and I took her; I searched her, and found a neck-cloth and book; she denied it at first, but when I found them, she acknowledged taking them.
Prisoner. I leave my defence to my Counsel.
The prisoner called three witnesses to her character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 17.
The Court immediately pronounced sentence of




               Transportation for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
