





317. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of March
, four coach-seats, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Graves
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRAVES
               



             sworn. - I am a coach-master
; I live in Green Dragon yard, Holborn


: On the 14th of March I had been out with the coach myself; I put up the coach in the yard at twelve o'clock, and saw the seats were safe in the coach; they were stuff cushions; I went again to the coach at six o'clock on the 15th and they were gone; the door was open and the steps were let down; I saw them again in the middle of the day at Hatton-garden, and the prisoner was then in custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHAPMAN
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of Hatton-garden: On the 15th of March, about twenty minutes after six in the morning, I wascoming up Union-street, Hatton-garden; the prisoner at the bar was offering to sell these four cushions to a master baker, as he was coming out of a public-house; he called them chair-seats; the master baker knew me, and seeing me come up, he said to the prisoner, this man will buy them, he is something in the brokery line; I asked him where he brought them from; he said he bought them at Enfield, and gave half a guinea for them; I told him I would buy them and him too; I took and locked him up and the four coach-seats. I produce them. (The property identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I was coming out of the country, where I wrought hard for my money and whatever I have had; I have threshed and ploughed for eight shillings a week; I have a wife and two babies at home; I could not get a bit of bread to maintain them; I was coming up to London, and as I was coming along I happened with a man in a cart; he said, my lad, where are you going to; I said, to London; he said, I have got some cushions to sell, if you are willing to get a few shillings by them; I gave him half a guinea for them; I had but sevenpence halfpenny left; I am as hard working a lad as ever you knew, you may depend upon it; I had just come up out of the country the morning as I happened with this misfortune.
Q. Are any of the persons here that you ploughed and threshed for? - A. No, they are not here.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
