





509. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     WATERMAN
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of April
, nine steel tools, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Regnart
                  




               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Gurney.)



                  CHARLES 
                  REGNART
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am a statuary
: The prisoner was my foreman
 as a statuary mason, I discharged him on the 13th of April; a few days afterwards I searched his lodgings with a constable, and found nine steel tools.(
               
                  Samuel 
                  Shatford
               



            , a constable, produced the property.)
Mr. Regnart. I know these to be mine, they have a private mark upon all of them; I had missed fifteen or sixteen dozen; there was one particularly I had questioned him about, and he said he knew nothing of it, and it was very unpleasant to him in his situation for any thing to be missing; they are worth 2s. 3d.
Q. Was the lodging in which you found them, a lodging in which his wife and family lived? - A. Yes; his wife was there, he was not, he was in custody; he told the patrol he had another lodging half a mile from Tottenham-court road, No. 4, Southampton-court, at the top of Tottenham-court-road.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. I believe it is customary for the men to provide themselves with tools, and sometimes the masters find them? - A. There is a particular branch of the business in which I lend my tools, but they are never taken away.
Q. Is there not a paper stuck up in the shop, that if one man takes another's tools without leave, to be fined a pot of beer? - A. That was from my study, if they took any from my bench.
Q. The tools are so small, that they might be taken away innocently by a man as for his own tools? - A. I cannot conceive that.
Q. Are not tools, exactly like those, made for other persons besides you? - A. Yes; but these are for sculpture work, and he was never employed upon sculpture work by me.
STEPHEN SCANDRETT sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. The prisoner lodged at my house, No. 4, Southampton-court, Tottenham-court-road; I saw him there a night or two before he was taken up; his wife and children were there.
Prisoner's defence. These tools were lent me by Mr. Regnart to do a job for myself at home; I have a witness here to prove that Mr. Regnart always lent me tools to do all his best work for him that he did not do himself
For the Prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALLEN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Alley. I am a mason; I worked with the prisoner at the bar at Mr. Regnart's; in the business of a mason, a man generally finds his own tools; but when he is in the employ of a sculptor, it is generally the custom for the master to lend the necessary and useful tools to the men; during the time I was in Mr. Regnart's employ, I was principally engaged in knocking the rough part of stone off from figures; Mr. Regnart was in the constant practice of lending me tools and the prisoner at the bar; I have been in Mr. Regnart's employ nearly six months.
Q.Does it not often happen that there are innocent mistakes made? - A.Frequently tools are put promiseuously together; I have known the prisoner ten years, he has always borne the character of an honest and industrious man.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Mr. Regnart lent the prisoner tools; did he ever give him permission to take tools home with him? - A. No.
Q. Nor you? - A. No.
The prisoner called four other witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Prisoner. Mr. Regnart told me I was a thief; i told him I was not, nor he could not prove me to be a thief; he has not paid me my wages yet; he said again I was a thief; I said I was not, but I could prove him as such, for he had taken some stone from Christ Church, and that has made him so spiteful against me.
Court. (To Regnart. Q. Did you ever lend him tools to take home? - A. No; he told me he had got a watch-case to do, and I told him he was very welcome to have my premises to execute it.
Q. Did you ever permit him to take tools to execute it at his own lodgings? - A.Never.
Q. Did you permit him to use your tools? - A. I did not, solemnly.
Mr. Gurney. Q. Have you or not paid him his wages? - A.There was thirteen shillings and ten-pence halfpenny, which I have paid his wife since; he has thrown an imputation on me, which I beg to explain, in October last I erected a monument to the memory of Mr. Southgate, a merchant in the City: this man was employed along with another; after he had taken up the old stones, he said to me, sir, these stones are your right and property; I said, I don't know that they are, I know not whether I have a right to them or not; I had never done any thing of the kind before, and therefore I said, as you have been in the customary method of being employed in this sort of work, you should know better than me, but do not send them home to me, if the churchwarden, or any body about the premises, hint that they have a right to them, do not send them home; when I found I was wrong, I returned them the next day, and when I discharged the prisoner, he threatened me with a prosecution in the Ecclesiastical Court.



               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
