





85. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PRIOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Gill
                        




                     
                  , between the hours of five and six at night, on the 13th of January
, and feloniously stealing therein, twenty-eight yards of cambric muslin, value 35 s. and twenty-eight yards of calico, value 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        George 
                        Gill
                     



.


                  GEORGE 
                  GILL
               



             sworn. Q. Where is your warehouse, Mr. Gill? - No. 85, Watling-street


. I keep a Manchester warehouse
. I know nothing of the robbery; I can only speak to the property, and of shutting the door firmly after me, when I went out, a little after five o'clock; the inner door fastened by jamming very tight, there was no spring lock nor latch to that door, the outer door I left open.


                  EDWARD 
                  THOMPSON
               



             sworn. I live at No. 91, Watling-street; I was proceeding down the street between five and six o'clock.
Q. Was there day-light enough to distinguish the features of a man, supposing there had been no lamps or candles in the windows? - A. I do not think there was. I observed the prisoner at the bar with a piece of white goods under his arm, near to Mr. Gill's door, he was not above a couple of yards from the door, and there appeared to be a piece laying on the ground, that had been dragged out of the warehouse.
Q. Was the prisoner alone? - A. I did not see any one with him, observing that I made the best of my way up to him as fast as I could.
Q. Did he see you? - A. I believe he did, he set up a running.
Q. Did he keep the piece of goods still under his arm? - A. Yes, I overtook him about forty or fifty yards from the premises, I stopped him, I told him he must go back with me to Mr. Gill's with the piece of goods, he begged of me to let him go, I took him back, and the goods were claimed by Mr. Gill's warehouseman; he was secured.


                  MATTHEW 
                  WOODBRIDGE
               



             sworn. I am warehouseman to Mr. Gill, on the 13th of January, Mr. Thompson delivered the prisoner at the bar, and the pieces of goods to me, I secured the prisoner.
Q. When he brought the prisoner and thegoods back to you, did you know them to be the goods of Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Gill
               



            ? - A. Yes I did, they were piled very near the door.
Q. Did you see Mr. Gill go out of the warehouse? - A. I did.
Q. Might not the door have been left a jar, by somebody going in, or coming out, between the time that Mr. Gill left the warehouse, and the time the prisoner was brought back? - A. There was no person in the warehouse but me, I never heard the door open, after Mr. Gill went out till the prisoner was brought back, I was only about ten yards off from the door in the warehouse.
Q. How many minutes was it from the time Mr. Gill went out, and the time the prisoner was brought back? - A. I suppose about ten minutes, the door does not latch, it fastens very tight, it requires a great deal of force to push it open.
Q. Did you see any other piece besides that which was brought back with him? - A. That was the only piece that was brought back with him, the other piece was partly in doors, and partly out; both the pieces were Mr. Gill's.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIS
               



             sworn. I took the prisoner in custody, I produce the property.
Q. (to Woodbridge) Are they your master's property? - A. I know them to be my master's goods, this piece of cambric muslin was brought back with the prisoner, and the other piece was in the warehouse, not two minutes before he was taken.
Prisoner's Defence. As I was coming by to go home, I observed a woman come out of the door, she had got a cloak on, she dropped this parcel, I picked it up, I did not know what it was, I never offered to run away, that gentleman told me to come back and I did.
GUILTY - aged 16.




               Of Stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
