






127. 
               
                  CHARLOTEE 
                  BROWN
               





             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     HINCKS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 13th of December
, a silver watch, value 50 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Barry
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Charol
                     



.


                  THOMAS 
                  BARRY
               



            . Q. When did you lose this watch. A. On the 13th of December, about six o'clock, we were sat the Spotted Dog, Broad St. Giles's


; I went in to have a pint of beer with my shopmates, and I went to sleep.
Q. I suppose you had been up all night - A. Yes. I am a shoemaker
; I was locked out of my lodgings, I had been walking about the streets all night; I went in and went to sleep.
Q. Did you pick up these women in the street. - A. No, I never saw them before; they were never in my company; they came into the house; one laid hold of me, and the other took the watch out of my fob.
Q. How could you tell, when you were asleep. - A. This man saw them - Dolby Jackson, a black man.
Q. Did you ever find your watch again. - A. No; when I awoke I found my watch was gone; there was a woman standing by the side of me, but she was neither of the prisoners. The prisoners went out of the house as soon as they took the watch away. I laid hold of the woman; the black man said if she had not got the watch he would shew me who had. I went and found the prisoners in the street, drinking saloop; they were taken to the watchhouse, and nothing found upon them. The watchhouse keeper told me to go back for the saloop woman; I did, she was gone away; she has not been out for weeks afterwards.
Q.Were you sober. - A. No, I was drunk.
DOLBY JACKSON. I am a shoeblack. I was sitting in the Black Dog; these two men came in and called for a pint of beer, they both drank once; he fell asleep; these two women came in and finished the pint of beer the men called for. One of them sat down and the other leaned over him; 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Brown
               



             put his head in her lap, and the other unbuttoned his flap and took out his watch. I called out they were going to rob the man; the landlord said, what is that to you; then I said no more. I waked him soon after, and he went and took them in the street. Hinckes searched him first; she says I can perceive nothing. Brown said, you come and set over him, I will search him; the biggest prisoner drawed the watch out, I halloaed out; the landlord said I had nothing to do with it; as they said so, I said no more. As soon as I came to town I gave twelve shillings for a hat; some of them in that publichouse stole my hat.
Q. You are sure it the same persons. - A. Yes, there were other girls in the house; they were not nigh this man, none but the prisoners; when they took the watch out, I saw them; I spoke; they told me to hush, I told them they were robbing the man; they told me to go away, I would not.
The prisoners said nothing in their defence, or called any witnesses to character.
BROWN, GUILTY, aged 19.
HINCKS, GUILTY, aged 21.
Of 


               stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
