





365. 
               
                  SAYHEAD
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th of March
, a watch, value 5 l. a gold seal, value 10 s. a gold chain, value 30 s. a silver compass, value 5 s. ten yards of woollen cloth, value 12 l. a coat, value 1 l. two Turkey small clothes, value 2 l. a shawl, value 10 s. a silk Turkish vest, value 15 s. and a cloak, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        Sidy Hadge Abedelinzed 
                        Bonhalel
                     




                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Ebdin
                     



.
- MILLER. I am an officer of Lambeth-street office; I received information that the prisoner was on board a ship at Gravesend; when I got there I saw him coming on shore in a boat; I saw him searched; I saw this watch found upon his person; he was searched in the mayor's house at Gravesend, by one of the mayor's officers; I believe the watch was taken from the inside of his sash; these articles were behind him in a window seat, this ten yards of blue woollen cloth.
Q. Do you know whether he was in possession of it or not - A. I do not. It was a pinchbeck watch, the chainis gold.
Q. You found no duplicates - A. No; all that I speak of is the watch, and the cloth; these trowsers were taken from his person, and one pair of small clothes from his person, and one pair in the bundle.
[The prosecutor being a foreigner was examined through the medium of an interpreter; the prisoner also had an interpreter.]
SIDY HADGE ABEDELINZED BONHALEL. Q. to interpreter. Ask him what he is and where he lived - A. He is a Mahometan
. On the 28th of March, he lived in the Little Minories


, he lodged there; his landlord's name is Ebdin. On the 28th of March, he lost a watch, chain, and seal; he saw them the night before; he missed them on the 28th of March in the morning when he came into his apartment, and he found the prisoner was gone.
Q. Ask him whether the prisoner used to visit him in that house, or how the prisoner could get at them - A. He took him out of the street, to give him provision out of charity.
Q. How long had he been with him - A. Five or six weeks; he slept in another room with his servant.
Q. Ask him whether he slept in his apartment on the 27th of March - A. He slept there the night before the morning of the robbery, he saw him; the things were not locked up, they were on a chair, and me watch hung up in the room; he never saw the prisoner after these things were missing till he was brought before the magistrate.
Q. Ask him if the prisoner had given him any notice of leaving him - A. No; he gave information to the public office, and published hand-bills.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. It was an unfortunate thing that came into my head; nobody was concerned in it but myself.
GUILTY, aged 17.




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
