






615. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DREW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of August
, a shirt, value 14s. two jackets, value 20s. a pair of silk trowsers, value 5s. a waistcoat, value 9s. another waistcoat, value 5s. two frocks, value 6s. two Guernsey frocks, value 8s. two nankeen shirts, value 9s. a pair of valveteen breeches, value 14s. three handkerchiefs, value 3s. a neck-handkerchief, value 3s. a nankeen jacket, value 10s. a cloth jacket, value 10s. a pair of silk stockings, value 10s. two pair of cotton stockings, value 6s. two pair of trowsers, value 8s. a pair of kneebuckles, value 8s. a silk jacket, value 12s. a marsella waistcoat, value 12s, a satin waistcoat, value 9s. a pair of satin breeches, value 10s. a pair of nankeen breeches, value 10s. and two shirts, value 20s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Emanuel 
                           Rotheridge
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Bardley
                     



.
EMANUEL ROTHERIDGE sworn. - I am a Portugueze sailor
; the prisoner is a Spaniard; I lodge in New Gravel-lane


, No. 64, at the house of Samuel Bardley; my chests were broke open on the 29th of August; I saw them safe at nine o'clock in the morning of the 28th; I locked them up; nobody had the key but the prisoner and myself; every thing was taken out; I have seen some of them since at the pawnbroker's; the prisoner told us where they were when he was taken; he went to shew us the house, and went in with us; he said he got drunk, and lost the duplicate; he asked for the things, and part of my things were produced; a silk jacket, a pair of satin breeches, and several others; the prisoner slept in the same room; I staid out the night before I missed the things.
SAMUEL BARDLEY sworn. - The prisoner and prosecutor lodged at my house, in New Gravel-lane: On the 29th of August the prosecutor took me up to see his box; it was empty; it had been opened by a chissel or nail; I had never seen it full; I went with them to the pawnbroker, and found the prisoner at a public-house at Wapping-wall two days after. The prisoner slept at home the night before the robbery, and said he was going out very early in the morning on board his ship; he went out about five o'clock, and did not return; he went with us to the pawnbroker's, and demanded the things, part of which were produced; he said he got drunk, and lost the rest, and that he brought them on a particular day, upon which the pawnbroker produced them.


                  SEPTIMUS 
                  SADLER
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker's servant, and live at No. 124, in Old Gravel-lane; I cannot swear to the prisoner, as I do not recollect him at all: On the 30th of August two persons brought two waisicoats, a jacket, two pair of breeches, and two shirts; one of them was a soreigner; I believe the other came with him to shew him the place; they were pawned in the name of the prosecutor; an officer, the prisoner, and the prosecutor afterwards claimed them, but I was not at home; the things I produce are not worth more than twenty shillings.(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.
GUILTY, aged 33.




               Of Stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
