





480. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     CARPENTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniosly stealing, on the 7th of June
, two muslin neck-handkerchiefs, value 5s. and a gold hair ring, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Hartley
               




            , spinster
.
MARTHA HEWITT sworn. - I live at No. 34, Nottingham-place


, in the family of Mr. Hartley; I am Miss Hartley's maid: On Saturday the 7th of June, about nine o'clock in the morning, I went into Miss Hartley's bed-room, and found the prisoner there; Miss Hartley had left her room and gone down to breakfast; I asked him what he was doing there, and he told me he was looking for a pair of shoes; he then passed me and came out of the room; the prisoner was footman
 in the house, he had lived there about three weeks; I saw the handkerchiefs in his jacket-pocket as he went down stairs, they were two muslin handkerchiefs, and I took them out of his pocket; I then opened them, and told him they were the property of Miss Hartley; he turned round, was very much frightened, and begged I would not say any thing; he went down stairs; I told Mr. Hardley and Miss Hartley what had happened, I shewed the things to Miss Hartley, and have had them ever since; I know the handkerchiefs to be her's; and the ring has a motto in French on the inside of it; the constable was sent for immediately, and he was taken up. (Produces the handkerchief).


                  SAMUEL 
                  HAMILTON
               



             sworn. - I belong to Mariborough-street Office: The prisoner was brought to the Office by a parish constable, who had searched him; I searched him again at the Office, and in pulling off one of his boots this gold ring dropped out; I have had it ever since.
Hewitt. This is Miss Hartley's ring; I had seen in the night before in the dressing-table drawer, which was not locked; Miss Hartley is now in Yorkshire for her health.
Prisoner's defence. The jacket hung up in the hall, where the other servants had access; I did not know I had them. GUILTY, (Aged 29.)
Of 


               stealing the handkerchiefs
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
