





381. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ATKINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of March
, a pocket-bood, value 1s. 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Johnstone
                        




                     
                  , Esq
. privily from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSTONE
               



            , Esq. sworn. - On the 9th of March last, I was walking with some gentleman in New Bond-Street


, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, a lady, whom I never had the honour of seeing before, told me my pocket was picked of my pocket-book; she pointed to a man who was gone down Maddox-Street; I was walking between two officers; I disengaged myself from them, and ran after the man, who turned out to be the prisoner at the bar, there was not another man in the street at that time; I went up to him, and took him by the collar; I was about to search him, when a person came up, and told me he saw him throw it away into an area; I still continued holding the man; I went to the house to which I was directed and the servant produced the pocket-book out of the area; it contained Bank-notes, lottery-tickets, and regimental accounts, (produces it); I took the prisoner to Marlborough-street, and he was committed.


                  ANN 
                  THOMPSON
               



             sworn. - I was crossing Maddox-street, and I observed the prisoner go up to captain Johnstone, lift up his coat, and take out the pocket-book; I immediately addressed captain Johnstone, and told him a man had picked his pocket, and shewed him the man; captain Johnstone went after him; I saw the prisoner take the pocket-book from under his coat and throw it away; I never lost sight of him; captain Johnstone requested me to go to the Magistrate's with him, which I did.
Prisoner's defence. I never saw the lady in my life before. GUILTY, aged 24.




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
