






289. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     BERRY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     SCOTT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of March
, thirteen yards of printed cotton, value 22 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Powdich
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  MEREDITH
               



             sworn. - I am assistant to Mr. Powdich, linen-draper
, No. 294, Holborn


: On the 22d of March, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, the two prisoners came into the shop, and wished to see some prints; after our young man had shewed them a great many, he came to me and said, it was almost impossible to serve them, as he thought they came with an evil intent; I was at the look out, and happened to be at the outside of the window, and saw the prisoner Scott taking a piece of print under her apron; after I saw her put the print under her apron, I came in and went behind the counter; after the young man had served them, he said, you had better deliver the piece of print from under your apron, which she delivered; I knew she had got it; I did not mean to take the piece of print till she had got out.
Q. Why? - A. Because I wanted to make it a capital offence.
Q. Did you take it from her or did she deliver it up? - A. Neither, it lay on the ground, I picked it up.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You had suspicions of these girls when they came into the shop? - A. I had.
Q. Your Christian charity did not prompt you to tell them you wanted them to commit a felony, that you might have the pleasure of prosecuting? - A. Exactly.
Q. You call yourself assistant, I call you shop-man; what is your master's partner's name? - A. He is sole himself.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHAPMAN
               



             sworn. - Q. You are assistant shopman to the assistant of Mr. Powdich? - A. The prisoner came in and asked me for someprint; I shewed them a great number, I saw 
               
                  Jane 
                  Scott
               



             shuffling something under her apron; I afterwards served her the print; then I accused them of it.
Mr. Alley. Q. After you had taken the money for the goods, you accused them of it? - A. Yes.
Q. What money did they lay out with you? - A. Four shillings and sixpence; she said it was for a child's frock. (The property produced and identified by Meredith.
The prisoners left their defence to their Counsel.
Berry, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 29,
Scott, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 19,
Of stealing only.





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
