





578. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COTTERELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 31st of August
, seven handkerchiefs, value 14 s. the property of certain persons to the jurors unknown
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  GREGORY
               



            . I am a constable of the parish of St. James's. On the 31st of August I was attending the theatre in the Haymarket


; at the time the play was over there was a great crowd; I heard a gentleman say you d - d rascal you have got your hand in my pocket; I walked towards the prisoner, seeing him in a confused state; I catched hold of him, and Barnes laid hold of him on the other side, it was at the box door; I took him over to the public house to search him; we found two or three handkerchiefs in the inside of his hat; and two or three we found in his pockets; I found a napkin in his pantaloons; he begged I would be decent and not unbutton his pantaloons; I put my hand further down and I took out another handkerchief; I stroked him down the calf of his leg, I found a bulge, I tore the pantaloons up and took out another handkerchief; I found seven handkerchiefs and a napkin; I asked him how long he had taken to that trade; he said it was the second night he had ever practised the trade; he was a pewterer; he said he was out of employ and if I would forgive him he would not be guilty any more; we took him to the watchhouse; we made enquiry and could not find who the handkerchiefs belonged to; one of them is marked G. P. No. 1.


                  THOMAS 
                  BARNS
               



            . I am a constable, with the other witness.
Q. Have you heard the account that he has given, and is it true - A. It is true.
Prisoner's Defence. The property I bought in Coventry court in the Haymarket.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Bailey.
