





359. 
               
                  JOB 
                  HATT
               



             was indicted was 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of February
, a silver watch, value 2 l. 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Comerford
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Stanley
                     



.


                  RICHARD 
                  COMERFORD
               



            . On the 20th of February last I lodged at 
               
                  Edward 
                  Stanley
               



            's house, New Exchange court, in the Strand


.
Q. Were you at that time moving to any other lodging - A. Yes; I was finishing my moving on that day; the prisoner came to me about a fortnight before this happened; I told him it was not in my power to do much for him; I would do what I could. About a week before I moved I gave him victuals and drink, and three nights I gave him a shilling to pay for his lodging. I consented to his assisting me in moving my goods.
Q. At the time he assisted you in moving your goods where was your watch hanging - A. On a nail by the window, in the four pair of stairs room; the prisoner took several parcels, and then he came to take a table, I said I will take this, you take something else down in your hand; I took the table and left the prisoner in the room; when I got to the street door he came, and I delivered him the table, and told him to make haste to my other apartment. I went up to my employ again, and as soon as I got up stairs I missed my watch; I ran after the prisoner; when I got to my other apartment the prisoner was not there, but the table was.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RODWELL
               



            . I live in Broad street, Ratcliffe, I am a pawnbroker. On the 20th of February, in the evening, this watch was pawned at my shop in the name of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Smith
               



            ; I do not know the person that pawned it; it was a man.
MR. JORDAN. Q. Did the prisoner ever offer to sell you a pawnbroker's duplicate - A. Yes; on the 22nd of February; I gave him two shillings for it.
Mr. Rodwell. This is the duplicate that I gave the man who pawned the watch with me; I lent eighteen shillings on the watch.
The property produced and identified.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.
GUILTY, aged 23.




               Of stealing to the value of one guinea only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Lawrence.
