





179. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     PAXMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of January
, twenty-one pieces of lignum vitae wood, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               

                        Graverley William 
                        Seaborne
                     








            .
The case was stated by Mr. Pooley.
GRAVERLEY 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SEABORNE
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Pooley. You live at Ratcliffe


. - A. Yes, I am a block and mast maker

.
Q. Did you in January last lose any lignum vitae wood. - A. I did, a vast quantity.
Q. Paxman was a sawyer. - A. He was a foreman sawyer
.
Q. How long had he been working on your premises. - A. Eleven days, he had frequently worked for me before that.
Q. In what part of your premises was the wood that was lost. - A. In the loft, where there was a great quantity of it.
Q. Had Paxman access to that lost, could he go there. - A. He could.
Q. Did you afterwards find any of the wood that you had lost at the house of one Mr. Neale. - A. Yes, I found eleven pieces.
Q. Was that wood that you found at Mr. Neale's part of your wood that you had lost: - A. It is part of it, it corresponds exactly with what I had at home.
Q. You are sure you had not sold any of that wood. - A. I am positive clear that I had not sold any of that wood.
Jury. Can you swear to all you have in your hand. - A. Yes.
Mr. Pooley. Did you go to Neale's yourself. - A. Yes, I found them there.
Q. What is the value of them. - A. About four pounds; I am sure they are mine, I have not brought them all up with me, they are only part of what I found.
Q. Paxman was not with you when you found them. - A. No.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ELLIOT
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Pooley.
Q. You are the apprentice of Mr. Seaborne. - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know any thing of the wood. - A. I know it was on my master's premises three months ago, they were in the loft, I know them by taking and cutting them.
Count. You are young in the business, what is your reason for saying they were on your master's premises. - Q. I know them very well, I can swear to them.


                  REBECCA 
                  NEALE
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Pooley. Your husband is a block maker. - A. Yes, he lives in Ratcliffe.
Q. In the month of January last did the prisoner Paxman come to your husband's house in his absence, did he bring any thing with him. - A. Yes he brought two or three pieces of lignum vitae wood, I told him to put it down till my husband came; home at night.
Q. Did your husband see it when he came home at night, in the place where Paxman put it. - A. Yes.

Q. What part of the house did he put it in. - A. At the foot of the stairs in the passage, there it remained till my husband came home.
Q. Did you pay. Paxman for it. - A. No I desired him to call at night for the money.


                  THOMAS 
                  NEALE
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Pooley.
Q. You are the husband of the last witness. - A. I am.
Q. Did you at any time see any lignum vitae wood that had been left at your house. - A. I did when he came to me in the evening of the same day, he informed me what wood he had left in my yard when I was on board of a ship.
Q. Did you afterwards converse with him about the wood that he had left. - A. I did; he came to my house and sat down, and when I saw such a quantity of wood had been brought in my house in my absence, I said to him, Mr. Paxman here you are now sitting in the presence of me and my wife and family, excuse me, is this wood honestly come by, if it is not take it from me; I am a young beginner in business, I would not have it said that Neale bought stolen wood for my right hand; he said he well knew the consequence of it, he had attended at a trial of that kind, he assured me it was not stolen.
Q. Did you and he afterwards agree. - A. We did; I gave him fourteen shillings a hundred for it rotton and found; this is a piece he brought in his pocket, when Mr. Seaborne and Wood searched my premises they turned every bit of wood over, I told them they were very welcome to take what was their own.
Q. Mr. Seaborne looked over the wood and challenged it to be his property. - A. Yes, and he refused others which he left.
Q. Is any of that wood that is produced the wood that was claimed by Mr. Seaborne. - A. Yes, there were several, he said this piece was kicked about his loft a great while.
Q. That is the wood you bought of Paxman. - A. Yes, every ounce of it.


                  JAMES 
                  PERRY
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Pooley. I went with Mr. Seaborne and searched Mr. Neale's premises, and took ten pieces away, this is part of it, Mr. Seaborne selected it out as his property.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WHITE
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Pooley. Q. You are an headborough. - A. Yes,
Q. Do you recollect when Paxman was apprehended. - A. Yes.
Q. On the night before Paxman was apprehended, did you have any conversation with him about this wood. - A. Yes; he asked me if I could be of any use to him, he said he was in a great deal of trouble, he hoped I would help him out, I told him I would be of use to him as far as lay in my power; I asked him where the wood was taken from, he said from Mr. Seaborne's platform; I told him, certainly he must suppose the property must be Mr. Seaborne's; he said there were bigger rogues there than he was and sooner than he would split; he would have his hands cut off.


                  JOHN 
                  BASSET
               



             sworn. Examined Mr. Pooley. Q. You are a journeyman sawyer to Paxman. - A. I was.
Q. Do you know any thing of his taking any lignum vitae wood from the loft. - A. I saw him fetch these three pieces from the loft stairs, he put them into some sacks, he asked me if I was going home to breakfast, and would I carry some of it for him, I said I did not care, he said it was some wood he had bought of a man, he was going to sell it to a person; I took one of the sacks (as he asked me, and I was going home to my breakfast) to Spring-street, when we came there he told me to put it down and go to breakfast.
Prisoner's Defence. Three pieces of wood Basset carried along with some chips when Mr. Seaborne cleared the loft, he carried that wood up to my house along with the chips that I bought of Mr. Seaborne, he had part of the money, I never defrauded him of a halfpenny of the money, there was some people saw me pay him the money.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
