





537. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     EDWARDS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of July
, a silver mug, value 30s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Meare
                  




               
            .
JOHN MEARE sworn. - I am a wholesale warehouseman
, No. 68, Friday-street


: I can only speak to the property.


                  RICHARD 
                  KENNE
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Meare
               



            : On Wednesday evening last, about half past seven o'clock, I was at the farther end of the room, by the window, I turned my head round and saw the prisoner come into the room by the side-board; I saw her reach her hand over the sideboard; then I walked up to her, and she had got the mug in her hand, she had got it about one inch off the side-board; I asked her what her pleasure was; she said she came to take a glass of water; I immediately walked out of the room, and shut the door to, I called one of the servants, and desired her to call Mr. Meare; he sent for a constable, and she was detained.

Q.What part of the house in this room in? - A. Up one pair of stairs; the side board is within one spot of the door.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q.What age are you? - A. Fifteen.
Q. Do you know the nature of an oath? - A. Yes.
Q.What is the nature of an oath? - A. I shall answer to my conscience.
Q. Do you believe you must answer to God? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you hear it in your memory that you were examined before the Lord-Mayor? - A. Yes, twice.
Q. Did you know the nature of an oath when you were before the Lord-Mayor? - A. Yes.
Q.Whenever you were examined before the Lord-Mayor you were examined upon oath? - A. Yes.
Q.Upon your oath, when you were before the Lord-Mayor the first time, did you not say, that she put her hand upon the mug, and that that was all she did? - I said she hoisted it one inch from the side-board.
Q. Did you not say, the first time that you were before the Lord-Mayor, that she had put her hand upon the top of the mug, and that that was all she did? - A. I said she hoisted it one inch from the side-board.
Q.Recollect, I am speaking of the first time; and I will tell you this, that there was a person by at the time you were examined, and I warn you of that-did you always give the same account before the Lord-Mayor? - A. He asked me but one question the second time, which was, if I was certain she moved the mug, and I said, yes.
Q. Then your account before the Lord-Mayor was always consistant? - A. As far as I know.
Q. Upon your oath, did not the Lord-Mayor reprimand you, and tell you you had been very wicked in giving him different accounts? - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. He did not reprimand you at all? - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q.You must know; it is now Saturday; was it yesterday, or the day before, that you gave your account before the Lord-Mayor? - A. The day before yesterday, and yesterday.
Q. Then you must have a recollection of what passed? - A. He told me to speak louder; that is the only thing that I remarked.
Q.Then he never reprimanded you for giving different accounts? - A. No, he did not.
Q.Did you never say, that all she did was, to put her hand upon the mug? - A. No, I never said so.
Court. (To Mr. Meare.) Q. Did this witness charge the prisoner in your presence? - A. Yes; he told me that the woman came softly into the room; got between him and the door, and put her hand across the side-board towards the silver mug, and moved it; that is, as near as I can possibly recollect, what passed.
Q. Were you present at the examination before the Lord-Mayor? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you hear the account that he gave there? - A. At the first examination he was asked particularly as to whether the girl had moved the mug; I particularly desired him to recollect himself; and as well as I can recollect, he said, she moved the mug; at the second examination, the Lord-Mayor asked him again, particularly, whether she moved the mug, and he said, she had moved the mug.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. How came you to desire the boy to recollect himself? - A. I desired him to remember to tell the truth, and nothing but the truth; I desired him to recollect the facts as they were.
Q. Do you recollect the Lord-Mayor reprimanding him? - A. No; I was, myself, rather dubious about it, for I did not distinctly hear him; and, at the second examination, I desired him to be particular, and he said, she had moved it, but I did not hear him distinctly say that, at the first examination.
Q.Surely, it was only yesterday, you must recollect whether the Lord-Mayor said any thing particular to the boy? - A. I do not want to keep back any thing, but I do not remember any thing particular.
Q. Will you swear positively, that the Lord-Mayor did not reprimand him? - A. I did not hear it.
Q. Will you swear he did not? - A. I can only swear to what I really heard, I did not hear him reprimand the boy.
Prisoner's defence. As soon as I entered the room the young man locked me in; he told his master I was going to take the mug; at the first examination he said I was going to take it; and at the second, he said he took it out of my hand.
For the Prisoner.
HENRY HIGGINS sworn. - I am a smith and bell-hanger, I live in Houghton-street, Clare-market; I was attending before the Lord-Mayor, when the prisoner was examined, but was not at the first examination.
Q. Were you at the second? - A. Yes, the day before yesterday, Thursday.
Q. What passed? - A. The boy came forward, and said, that the mug that was there, was not moved from off the premises.
Q. Were you there at any other time than Thursday? - A. Yes, Friday.
Court. How came you to be at the second? - A. I attended as her friend; the boy said, the mug was not moved, but her hand was upon it.

Q.Did he say any thing afterwards? - A.Nothing that I took notice of.
Q.On the Friday, did the Lord-Mayor say, any thing to him? - A. On the Friday, he did say, this is two different stories.
Q.What did he say on the Friday? - A. He said it was taken from the side-board.
Q. The Lord-Mayor observed to him this was two different stories? - A. Yes.
Q. Is the prisoner a married woman? - A. Yes; I have known her six or seven years, her husband kept a broker's shop in Stanhope-street, and after that a green-grocer's; I never knew any harm of either of them, in my life; she bears a very good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
