





52. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     HASWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of November
, 6 1/2 lb. of sheet copper, value 6 s. 6 d. the property of the same persons
            .

(The case was opened by Mr. Reynolds.)
THOMAS GARRETT sworn. - (Proves the firm.) I went with Moore to the prisoner's box; we opened the box, and there we found one sheet of copper; this was not removed so far as the other; I had not missed the copper; I only went for the purpose of giving them their great coats, and found the copper and a quantity of nails.


                  CHARLES 
                  MOORE
               



             sworn. - I went with the last witness to the prisoner's box, and found some copper; I received the key of that box from Hawkins.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HAWKINS
               



             sworn. - I received the key from 
               
                  Mary 
                  Freeman
               



            , which I delivered to the last witness.


                  MARY 
                  FREEMAN
               



             sworn. I saw the prisoner at the Thames Police Office; I received the key belonging to the watch-box from him; he desired me to give it to Mr. Hawkins to give to Moore, and Moore to give to the foreman of the yard to get the watch-coat; I delivered it to Hawkins.


                  RICHARD 
                  COX
               



             sworn. - I saw the prisoner go upon his duty on the Saturday night; I did not see him go off; he told me he would not go off till I saw him in the morning, but he did go off before I came down to the gate.


                  MICHAEL 
                  JENKINS
               



             sworn. - I apprehended the prisoner on the Sunday morning, about a quarter past six o'clock; he had 28 lb. of new copper nails about him; he at first said, what he had about him was clothes; he had it upon his shoulder, and upon examination I found it was nails; he requested me to let him go about his business, and he would give me all the money he had in his pocket, and a guinea more the next day; I took him to the Police Office, and he remained there till Monday morning.
(Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Gilbert
               



             proved the property.)
Prisoner's defence. I did not take it by way of stealing it; it was at the head of the dock, lying between the deals, and the basket of nails lay amongst the planks; I did not intend to carry them out of the yard.



               GUILTY
            , aged 53.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
