





101. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     LINAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 15th of December
, twenty-eight yards of cotton, value 50 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Hammond
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  HAMMOND
               



            . I live at No. 7, Leicester-square, in the parish of St. Ann, Westminster


; I am a linen draper
.
Q. Did you lose any thing on the 15th of December. A. Yes, twenty eight yards of cotton.
Q. What is the value of that. - A. Fifty shillings; I had seen it a few minutes before we missed it, it stood on the counter a few yards from the door. In the evening, between seven and eight o'clock, I was standing in the shop; the prisoner came in the shop and made an attempt to steal this piece of print; she laid hold of it, and when she saw me observe it she let the print go and went out of the shop; upon which I took my hat and went out to watch her, thinking she might come back again. As I went from my own door the prisoner passed me; I then went nearly in the middle of the square, opposite of the door; I found her go to the shop again; not seing any person in the shop she went in and took the print.
Q. Was there any person in the shop. - A. There was a person in the shop, I had observed to him not to notice the door; I was opposite of the door, I saw her take the print, she came out with it; I let her go from the door a few yards, I took her in custody and brought her into the shop; I found the print under her cloak; I saw her take it off the counter.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I happened to lose a frock; I came to this shop to look out a bit of cotton to make a frock; I did not take it out of the house; I wanted to buy a piece of cotton to make a frock, to return it to the owner.
GUILTY, aged 39.
Of 


               stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before the Chief Baron.
