





6. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of October
, ten shirts, value 30 s. and a pillow case, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Paul 
                  Mac Fane
               



             and 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Cardew
                  



               
            .


                  MATTHEW 
                  CARDEW
               



            . I live in the Kent road, Surrey; my partner's name is 
               
                  Paul 
                  Mac Fane
               



            ; we are
school masters

. I can only speak to the property.


                  ANN 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I live with Mr. 
               
                  Mac 
                  Fane
               



             and Cardew. These shirts that were missing were found on the prisoner; I have the care of the linen; we suppose they were taken from the drying ground about five weeks ago.


                  DANIEL 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. On the 27th of October last, about half past seven in the evening, passing through Shoreditch, I saw the prisoner go into the Three Pigeons public house; observing something bulky under his coat I laid hold of him; I said I cannot pass you, I must see what you have got under your coat; I immediately took from under his coat a pillow case, containing seven shirts, all wet. I then took him to the public house adjoining the public office, Worship-street; I searched him. On his person I found three wet shirts; I asked him how he came by them, he said if I wanted to know I must find it out; he afterwards said he bought them.
Prisoner. The shirts were dry.
Q. to Bishop. How did you find out to whom they belonged. - A. There were two of the shirts marked Varty; I looked in the Directory, and found out Mr. Varty in the Borough; I went there; they told me they had two sons at Mr. 
               
                  Mac 
                  Fane
               



            's boarding school.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the shirts and paid for them; I am a dealer in Rag-Fair
, I gave thirty shillings for the shirts.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
