





461. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     MYERS
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for feloniously stealing, on the 15th of August
, a mahogany writing desk, value 2 l. a gold medal, value 2 l. a gold ring, value 2 l. two studs, value 1 l. two lockets, value 3 l. two glass ink-stands, value 10 s. two silver bladed knives, value 5 s. a shaving case, value 1 l. two razors, value 5 s. a looking-glass, value 1 s. a purse, value 1 s. thirteen guineas, six half guineas, and two seven shilling pieces
            , the goods and monies of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hotham
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOTHAM
               



             sworn. - Q. What was the prisoner? - A. He was a hackney coachman
: On Wednesday, the 15th of August, I arrived in town with the York mail; I took a hackney coach at Lombard-street, when I got out of the mail; I took my luggage out, and put it into his coach, and was drove by the prisoner.
Q. Did you take his number? - A. No.
Q. Do you recollect his person? - A. I am sure he is the man that drove me; I put into the coach a mahogany box, with the articles in question, they were all in the box; there was a gold medal, a gold ring, two studs, two lockets, two glass inkstands with silver tops, a silver case, two silver bladed knives, two razors, a looking-glass, and a purse, containing thirteen guineas, six half guineas, and two seven-shilling pieces; I fancy there was a guinea more; the coach set a gentleman down at Covent-garden, and from thence drove to my lodgings in Duke-street, St. James's


; when I alighted, I desired the woman-servant of the house to see the things got out of the coach, and after having paid the coachman his fare, I retired.
Q. Had you seen the mahogany box when you stopped at Covent-garden; the box was not delivered by mistake there? - A. No, only a trunk belonging to a gentleman was taken out.
Q. The box continued in the coach till you arrived in Duke-street? - A. I am sure of it.
Q. You had not quitted the coach? - A. No; I got out when the other gentleman got out, I was not out above a minute, I saw the box when I got in again.
Q. When you alighted you went up stairs? - A. Yes; about an hour afterwards I had occasion to go into the country, I had got up to the top of Duke-street, in the chaise, when I found I had not got my box; I sent back immediately, and was told that no such thing was taken out of the coach; I directed my landlord to advertise the box, and he did so.
Q. Did you ever recover your box? - A. Yes; I went to the office on the Saturday after, and saw the box, and swore to the property.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



             sworn. - Q. What are you? - A. I am a sawyer, I live at No. 2, Back-hill: I saw the prisoner bring this box down into my room, on Wednesday, between ten and eleven o'clock.
Q. What is the prisoner? - A. He is a coachman, he drove for a person in Red Lion-yard, Warner-street; he lodged along with me at that time; he brought the box down stairs to me, and tried different things to open it, but he could not open it, he got a chissel and forced the lock open; when the box was opened, there were some guineas and half-guineas, to the amount of sixteen, I believe, and two seven-shilling-pieces; it was all told into the box again.
Q. That is the same box? - A. Yes; the box was tied up, I lent him the napkin to tie it up, and he put it in a little room of mine; he went and did his horses up, and then came back again and took it away; I never saw it again till I saw it at Westminster.


                  JAMES 
                  GILMORE
               



             sworn. - I am a Police-officer, of Queen-square: On Saturday, the 18th of August, I went to a place beyond Westminster, where the prisoner then lodged, and searched the apartment, and found this box concealed in another box; I then received further information where he worked, in Red Lion-yard, Great Warner-street; I immediately went and apprehended him; on searching him I found this purse, containing twelve guineas, five half-guineas, and two seven-shilling-pieces.
HANNAH FREAKS sworn. - Q. What are you? - A. I am a servant, I live at No. 41, Duke-street, St. James's: I was the servant that came to the door to let captain Hotham in, about half past fiveon Wednesday morning; the coachman gave me an umbrella, two great coats, a small parcel of books, and a portmanteau trunk, belonging to the captain; I asked him if that was all; he replied, it was.
Q. You did not look in the coach? - A. No; the captain asked him what his fare was; he said, four shillings and sixpence; the captain gave him four shillings and sixpence; he said, sir, I hope you will give me something, for your luggage is heavy; the captain returned, and went up stairs.
Q. Did you ever see that box? - A.No.
Q. You did not receive it from the coach that morning? - A. No.
Q. Do you know the person of the coachman? - A. I am sure he is the man.


                  JOHN 
                  HOBBS
               



             sworn. - I went with Gilmore to search the prisoner's lodgings; I can say no more than he has said.
Prisoner's defence. I was coming along Fenchurch-street, facing Lombard-street, I took two gentlemen up, with their luggage, I did not see what luggage it was; one gentleman went to the Hummums, in Covent-garden, and the other to Duke-street, St. James's; I did not get into the coach to get these things out, I reached and took them out, and delivered them at the house; the lady asked me if the things were all out; I told her they were; the gentleman gave me four shillings and sixpence, I wanted something extra for carrying the luggage; I stood for about ten minutes and counted my money, what I had earned, and walked off gently; coming to Charing-cross, a woman and a man wanted a coach, they got in, and they ordered me to drive to the George and Blue-boar, in Holborn; after that, I watered my horses, and then I saw that box under the seat of the coach, I could not tell whether it belonged to that gentleman, or to the man and woman I took up after; I took it home, and they asked me if it had been left in the coach; I said, yes, I do not wish to have it opened; oh, said he, my landlord, they cannot hurt you for opening it; my landlady got two or three small keys, they would not fit; after that, she sent her daughter and borrowed a bunch of keys, and none of them would fit; here is, said she, a man in our court that makes these boxes, when he came, he said he did not make these kind of boxes, but, he said, I can get him a key in the course of the afternoon; my landlord came home to dinner, and they wished to see what was in it, they said I had a right; he gave me a chissel, I would not open it, he took the chissel and he opened it, and over-hauled what was in the box; I could not read or write, they know more than me about it; I took the money out for fear it should be lost, I did not wish to make away with it, nor any thing of the kind; I was never here before in my life.
Q. Is your master here? - A. No; his name is Hodges, I drove No. 114; I do not suppose he would lose a day's work to come.
Q.(To Prosecutor.) Is that your box? - A. Yes; my name is on it on a brass plate, I am sure of it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
