





648. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     LEVY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 30th of August
, nine shillings and a sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac 
                           Lear
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ISAAC 
                  LEAR
               



            . I am a linen draper
, I live in Love court, Middlesex street, Whitechapel


. On the 30th of August, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, I lost nine shillings and sixpence from my pocket; it was loose in my waistcoat pocket; I cannot say how it was taken; I was going home, through Broad place, near Petticoat lane, there were two boys fighting, and there was a mob standing there. I did not miss the money till I came home; about half an hour before my money was safe then.
Q. What reason have you for changing the prisoner with taking the money - A. I do not charge the prisoner; I never saw him before he was apprehended; I did not perceive him take it from me.
Q. What reason have you to believe you lost it in Broad place - A. There was a mob there; I stopped to see the boys fight; I passed through the mob. When the prisoner was taken to the office, nine shillings and six pence was found upon him; and a shilling and a sixpence, I believe to be the same I had.
Q. While you were in this mob did you perceive any person pushing against you or hustling of you - A. No.


                  SIMON 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a taylor; I work for Mr. Phillips, Windsor street, Bishopsgate street.
Q. Were you in Broad place on the 30th of August - A. Yes, I was going home between two and three o'clock; I saw Mr. Lear coming, I went to him.
Q. Did you know Mr. Lear before - A. He lived in our house.
Q. You went up to Mr. Lear, was he in Broad place - A. Yes, he was going towards the mob when I first saw him; there was a fight there, I saw him go into the mob.
Q. Did you see the prisoner near him - A. I saw him running about the place every minute among the mob; he was in company with another boy; he said to the other boy, I have made a good job, and he ran away.
Q. Was that after Lear had been in the crowd - A. Yes; he was going towards home then.
Q. Did you see him at any time near Mr. Lear - A. He stood between Mr. Lear and another man; I saw that.
Q. Was he close enough to have put his hand into Mr. Lear's pocket - A. I did not see him close enough to do that; I did not keep my eye upon Mr. Lear the whole time; I was not in the mob, I was standing upon the hill.
Q. How near was the prisoner to Mr. Lear at the time he stood between Mr. Lear and the other man - A. About a yard and a half; when I heard the prisoner say to the other boy, I have made a good job, I did not know that Mr. Lear's pocket had been picked.
Q. Was it after the time that you saw the boy within a yard of Mr. Lear, that you heard him say that he had made a good job of it - A. Yes, after that time; in about a quarter of an hour after I heard that Mr. Lear had lost his money, when he came away from there he said he had lost his money, nine shillings and sixpence; just when he got home, I said I thought I knew who had it; we went to look after the boy; we found him and Mr. Lear laid hold of him; Mr. Lear asked him if he would give him his money, or he would take him before a justice; they boy said he would go with him, and he did; I am sure he is the boy who was standing near Mr. Lear.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . Q. You are an officer - A. Yes. On the 30th of August Mr. Lear brought the prisoner to the public office, Whitechapel; he said he had picked his pocket of nine shillings and sixpence; I askedthe prisoner if he had any money about him, he said he had; I searched his pockets, I found nine shillings and sixpence, he said it was his own money; I asked Mr. Lear if he had any other witness, he said he had; he came in the evening with this lad with him: I shewed Mr. Lear the money; he spoke to one shilling and a sixpence, which I have kept separate ever since. I took the prisoner before the magistrate, there Mr. Lear claimed the shilling and sixpence as his own; - the prisoner said they were his own.
Q. to prosecutor. Look at that shilling and sixpence - A. I believe it to be the same money that I had in my pocket; there are two marks on the sixpence, and a mark on the shilling; I recollected them by the mark, and I had seen them before.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going of an errand with ten shillings and a penny for my father to Winfield street. I will take my oath that I never saw him before he laid hold of me in my life; I said do not collar me, I shall go with you.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
