





580. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BARKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2nd of September
 a pocket book, value 1 s. and a bill of exchange for the payment of 15 l. 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Holmes
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLMES
               



            . I am a cheesemonger
, No. 50, Newgate-street.
Q. When did you lose this pocket book. - A. On the 2nd of September, about five o'clock in the afternoon in Cornhill


. I knew nothing of it till the constable tapped me on the shoulder and told me of it.
JOHN FORRESTER I am a constable. On the 2nd of this month, near five o'clock, I was walking in Leadenhall-street, towards Aldgate. At the corner of St. Mary Axe I met the prisoner and two of his accomplices; I made a full stop, and looked at them; I could see by their manner that their intention was to rob Mr. Holmes. I turned about and kept company with them.
Q. Did you speak to them. - A. No.
Q. Did they see you. - A. Yes, but they did not happen to know me. Between that and Cornhill they made two or three attempts; when they came to Corn-hill Mr. Holmes stopped at No. 73, a picture shop; the prisoner stood close to Mr. Holmes, and the two accomplices stood on each side of him; I saw the prisoner at the bar with his right hand in Mr. Holmes's pocket; he made off then; I knew they had done the business. He walked off pretty sharp towards the Exchange, I walked after him and passed him, then I turned round and laid hold of him by the collar, he asked me what I meant by that; I told him that I suspected that he had something about him that did not belong to him; says he, you are mistaken in me, I am an officer of Union-hall, and there is my authority.
Q. Did he produce his authority. - A. Yes, here it is in my hand. I told him he might be an officer, but I believed I should prove him to be a thief. I shoved him against a window; he said you will not expose me in the street, I said it will be of no consequence to you; I went to search him, he took something out of his pocket, and let it fall on the grating of the window; I picked it up, I said that is all I want. Mr. Holmes still kept looking at the picture shop, and I held him till he made his way towards the Exchange. I asked Mr. Holmes if he had lost any thing, he said he had not; I told him to be satisfied, and shewed him the pocket book; he said that is my pocket book, and to convince you it is mine, there is a bill of exchange in it for fifteen guineas. I opened it and found it corresponded; then I took him to the counter.
Q. What became of the other men. - A. They went off, I had no time to look after them, if I had gone after them I should have lost the property.
Q. Are you a city constable - A. I am.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. That pocket book I never saw; a boy found it; directly he laid hold of me, he searched me, he found nothing on me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
