





227. 
               
                  
                     ESTHER 
                     MURRAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 14th of March
, eight handkerchiefs, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Abraham 
                           Alford
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ACOMB
               



             sworn. I am a linen draper, I live with 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Alford
               



            . On the 14th of March last about eleven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came under pretence of buying a quarter of a yard of callico at eight-pence a yard, she walked to that part of the shop where there was some silk handkerchiefs on the counter, she took the handkerchiefs and concealed them under her apron.
Q. Did you see her take them. - A. I did not; 
               
                  George 
                  West
               



            , the other young man that was in the shop, having a suspicion that she had something concealed, cautioned me not to let her go without-examining of her, I accused her of having them, she denied it, I took up one side of her apron, she then conveyed them to the other, on taking up the other side I found that she had eight silk handkerchiefs in her possession.


                  GEORGE 
                  WEST
               



             sworn. Q. You are shopman likewise. - A. Yes, I was waiting upon a lady about five yards distance from the prisoner at the bar, I saw her hand by her side, which gave me suspicion; she was drawing her hand up, as if she was putting it up under her apron, I immediately cautioned Mr. Acomb not to let her go out of the shop without examining of her, I immediately examined on the counter to see if there was any thing missing; I gave him a second caution; the girl told me that she had a pain in her belly, I told her I could easily relieve her of that disease, upon which Mr. Acomb immediately took the handkerchiefs from under her apron; I took her into the back room and sent for Mr. Sapwell.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAPWELL
               



             sworn. I am an officer, I produce eight silk handkerchiefs.
Q. You know nothing about the prisoner do you. - A. Yes, I know something about her.
(The handkerchiefs indentified by Acomb.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going into the Minories of an errand, I met a woman, she asked me to go into that shop to buy three quarters of a yard of callico, and if I saw any thing on the counter to take them, I did.
Q. Who is that woman, what is she. - A. I do not know indeed, she was by the shop, and when she saw that gentleman take them from under my apron, she ran away.

. GUILTY, aged 11.
Of stealing, but not privately.
[


               Recommended to mercy by the jury, on account of her youth
            .]




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
