





219. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     GARDNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of February
, a shirt, value 2 s. a knife, value 6 d. and ten halfpence; a 5 l. Bank note, a 2 l. Bank note, and a 1 l. Bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Sanderson
                  




               
            .
ALEXANDER SANDERSON sworn. - I am a seaman
, lately discharged from his Majesty's service, and live at No. 42, Kent-street


, in the Borough; on the 2d of FebruaryI got up and missed my clothes out of the window, where I put them.
Q. What is the prisoner? - A. I do not know; I never knew him do any work since I have known him, which is about a fortnight or three weeks before he robbed me; it was about five o'clock in the morning; on missing my clothes I was very uneasy; I saw a light in the next room, and got a light to look for my clothes; I found them on the landing-place outside of the door, excepting my shirt, which was gone; I searched my pockets, and looked for three notes which I had sewed in one of them; I run a thread across my pocket to keep the notes safe, and put my knife above it in the same pocket; my knife was gone to; and there were fivepence three farthings; he had dropped a halfpenny and a farthing on the stairs; I went down stairs and waked my landlady; I asked her who went out, and told her I missed Joseph Gardner out of the room, and that I was robbed; she said she did not know who went out, that she was asleep, and told me to lock the door, if it was unlocked; I locked the door and went up stairs to look for another shirt (I sleep without my shirt); he had taken that one away; I went and got another shirt of my landlady; she told me he frequented a place in Whitechapel, and she would go with me and enquire; we went there, and my landlady made the case known at the house; the women knew my landlady, and let us stop till he came in; I slipped behind the door; my landlady said to him, well, 
               
                  Joe 
                  Gardner
               



            , what is this you have done; look at that poor man, that cripple, that you have robbed; he at first said he had taken nothing, in a kind of sneering laugh; I said, Joe, let me have my shirt and notes and things, and I will let you go; he said he pawned the shirt for 3 s. at Blackwall; I asked him to give me the duplicate of the shirt and the rest of the property and I would take the shirt out of pawn; he did not seem agreeable; I sent my landlady to get a constable, and I kept him in the house; he then owned he had done a great fault in taking them from me, and if I would go with him to Blackwall, he would give me all he took away; I thought as I was not so nimble as I used to be he might run away from me and give me the slip; the constable came in; my landlady said, this is the man; the constable then fell too and searched him; he found some halfpence, tobacco, my knife, and a bit of bread; no notes at all, nor my shirt.
Q. Are you sure that he told you, if you would go to Blackwall he would give up the things, before the constable came? - A. He said he could not find the duplicate.
Q. What time was it you went to this house in Whitechapel? - A. About 10 or 11 o'clock.
Q. Have you found your notes since? - A. No; nor my shirts.
SARAH NEWMAN sworn. - I am the landlady of the house where these two men lodged, in the same room; I knew nothing about it till this poor man came down to me; he said he had lost his clothes, and asked me who had gone out; I told him I did not know; I asked him to lock the door; he went down and locked it; at breakfast time I told him I would go and enquire where Mrs. Walker lived, where the prisoner used to resort; we went there, and after we had been there about an hour he came in.
ROBERT HESLOP sworn. - I am an officer, and went, on the 2d of February, with 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Newman
               



            , to Essex-street, Whitechapel, where we found the prisoner and Sanderson in a room; Sanderson told me he had been robbed the night before, and desired me to take the prisoner into custody; I searched the prisoner immediately in the room; I found nothing belonging to Sanderson, excepting a knife, which he swore to; I asked him for the shirt; he owned pledging it, but he would not tell where; he said he could not find the duplicate.
(The knife was produced and identified by Sanderson.)
Prisoner's defence. Last Wednesday fortnight I laid at Mrs. Newman's house; I got up to work in the morning, I work at a rope-ground as a jobber, and going down to the ground to work, it began to rain; there was no work to do; I went to Blackwall to an acquaintance that had promised to get me work there; I called on his wife in Whitechapel, and the prosecutor being there, charged me with a robbery; I told him I knew nothing at all of it; I told him I had a shirt, if he would let me go about my business.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
