





830 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of September
, ten pounds weight of sugar, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Conway
                  



               
            , 
               
                  John 
                  Phelps
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Raw
                  



               
            .
JOSEPH RAW. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Conway
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Phelps
               



             are my partners, we are wholesale grocer


s and tea-dealers


, Maiden-lane, Queen-street, Cheapside


. The prisoner was my porter
. On the 26th of September I left the warehouse to go to tea; my dwelling house is in Cheapside; when I returned to the warehouse it was about eight o'clock in the evening a waggon drew up with five barrels of raisins, I ordered the prisoner to assist in taking them in; he did so; I observed that he was bulky in his belly, his apron was tied loose about him; I stood by him until he had unloaded the waggon, with a lighted candle in my hand, and as he saw I took particular notice of him he ran up one pair of stairs, I ran up after him; he immediately turned about and came down again; I pursued him and desired him to go into the accompting house, I wanted to speak to him; he said, yes, I will, presently; he immediately ran out of the door, I pursued him and cried out stop thief; we run along Maiden-lane, down Garlick-hill, along Queen street; he was stopped in Cloak-lane; I came up to him as soon as he was stopped, I perceived he was not so bulky then. A person of the name of Cousens stopped him; Cousens and I brought him into Queen street; Cousins said he saw him drop a bag of sugar there; we went to the house of Mrs. Lambert, Cousens received the bag of sugar in my presence. The prisoner and the sugar were taken back to my warehouse; the bag was opened, it contained ten pounds weight of sugar; it was the same kind of sugar as that in the hogshead. The prisoner said he begged I would overlook it.
MRS. LAMBERT. I live at 61, Queen-street. On the night of 26th of September I heard something like a knock at my door, I went to the door, I saw a bag of sugar lay on the step, Mr. Raw and Mr. Cousens came, I gave them the bag of sugar.


                  FRANCIS 
                  COUSENS
               



            . I am porter to a cheesemonger in the Borough. On the evening of the 26th of September I was in Queen-street, I saw the prisoner drop something from his arm into the door of a house; I followed him and stopped him in Cloak-lane; I then went and knocked at the door where the sugar was dropped; Mrs. Lambert gave me the bag of sugar.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I do not know any thing at all about it, I never saw it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
