





228. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DOUGLAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 18th of March
, one brass skillet pattern, value 40 s. seven brass cock patterns, value 15 s. two brass cock key patterns, value 8 s. nine lid patterns, value 13. 6 d. two brass house bell patterns, value 10 s. 6 d. twelve brass patterns, value 7 s. five pieces of nail head patterns, value 1 s. 6 d. one side of a horse bell pattern, value 4 s. one side of a three-quarter inch ferrol pattern, value 4 s. and one side of a strait ferrol, value 4 s. and four wood patterns, value one farthing
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Warner
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WARNER
               



             sworn. I live in Blackfrier's Road


, I am a founder
. I lost these things from my manufactory in Blackfrier's Road, I can only swear to the property.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAWKINS
               



             sworn. I am a watchman. On the 8th of March, at half past eleven o'clock, there was a hackney coach come to the end of Field-lane, I saw the prisoner come out of the coach, and directly he came out the coachman handed him a parcel out of the coach, he got on his box and drove away; I went up to the prisoner and asked him what he had got, he told me not to make any noise, and offered me four shillings if I would let him go; he finding I would not let him go, nor take the money, he wanted to shove the metal on me; I put my hand up to save the metal from hurting of me, he got from me and ran up Shoe-lane; I sprang the rattle, and called out Stop thief; he was stopped by another watchman, and we took him to the watchhouse, there he said be brought the property from Blackfrier's bridge.
Q. You are sure that is the man that had the property. - A. He is the same man, I saw him on Friday night, he came with a parcel then; I produce the property, Howard picked it up when I ran after the man.


                  JOHN 
                  HOWARD
               



             sworn. I was in the watchhouse when this was thrown down, it made a vast noise; I went out and found the metal on the pavement, and took it to the watchhouse; immediately afterwards the prisoner was brought in. (The property identified by the prosecutor and 
               
                  John 
                  Hughes
               



            .)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in a public-house drinking over Blackfrier's Road, I was very much intoxicated when this happened; a man who worked for Mr. Warner, and who has since absconded, asked me to carry some brass cocks, and told me he would give me seven shillings to carry them to his shop; no further can I say.
Mr. Warner. This man was in company with my man; the man absconded the very night the prisoner was taken.
Prisoner. I never was in that public house only that same night.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
