





607. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     YARMOUTH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of July
, a glass bottle, value 6d. a quart of castor oil, value 4s. a leather bag, value 6d. a pound weight of jalap, value 3s. a cake of saffron, value 10s. a glass vial, value 1d. half an ounce of bark, value 3d. three quarters of a pound of salt of lemons, value 15s. one pound of other bark, value 6d. a piece of sponge, value 2d. and a box, value 3d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Horner
                  



               
             and 
               
                  Edward 
                  Fawkes
               



            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  JOHN 
                  HORNER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am in partnership with 
               
                  Edward 
                  Fawkes
               



            , druggist

, in Bucklersbury


; the prisoner was a porter
 with us, and had been so more than twelve months', we paid him eighteen shillings a week; the prisoner's department was to sweep the warehouse out, and rub the desk: On Saturday morning, the 10th of July, in consequence of a suspicion, I went round the warehouse, and looked into both his coat pockets, the staps were inside; there was not any thing at all in the left-hand pocket, I could see to the bottom of it; in his right-hand pocket there was a silk handkerchief; he then went into the warehouse, up three pair of stairs; he remained there three or four minutes; he then came down into the two pair of stairs warehouse, where he staid three or four minutes more; he then came very deliberately down stairs with a large sheet of brown paper before him, which he put into a drawer; I then observed that his right-hand pocket was buttoned up, the flaps were over it; he walked from me, and stood with his back towards me by the side of the counter; he then went to the sink to wash his hands; I observed that he straddled very much, and if he had something in his breeches; I ordered him to be sent to breakfast; he had got about twelve yards, when Fenner, the officer, came up, and asked the prisoner what he had got in his pocket; Fenner brought him back, and took the jalap root out of his pocket; he then untied his apron, and there was a great bulk in then front of his breeches; a leather bag was taken out, and in the bag a bottle of castor oil; the prisoner said it was the first time he had ever taken any thing; we afterwards went to a house in Cross-lane, where he lodged, and where he directed us; we found a cake of saffron, and two or three parcels of salt of lemons, and some bark; I have no doubt they were all our property; he said he had taken the bark as a curiosity; the leather bag I can swear to.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Of your ownknowledge you could not ascertain, that any of your property was gone? - A. No.
Q. You threatened to hang him, and then he said it was the first time he had ever taken any thing? - A. No, he said that long before.


                  JOHN 
                  FENNER
               



             sworn. - I am one of the City constables; I apprehended the prisoner and took charge of the property; he said, he had taken the castor-oil because he was very bad in his bowels; Mr. Horner then said, what did he take the jalap for, and he said, to sleep it, for the had rheumatism very bad.(
               
                  John 
                  Horner
               



            , junr. corroborated the testimony of his uncle.)(The property was produced, and the leather bag and bottle identified by the prosecutor.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
