





4. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RYLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of November
, a pocket book, value 1 s. 6 d. a bank note, value 2 l. and six bank notes, value 1 l. each
            , the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Schofield
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  SCHOFIELD
               



            . I am a soldier
 in the Royal Veteran battalion in the tower. On the 25th of last month, about three o'clock in the afternoon, as I was walking in the Minories


, I felt somebody's hand in my pocket; I immediately turned round and saw the prisoner endeavouring to get away; I pursued him, and caught him; another man came up and rescued him away from me; he said, what is the matter; I said, I am robbed; robbed, said he, of what, I said of my pocket book; he said chew, chew; I am sure that man would not rob you, let him go; by that means the prisoner made his escape from me; he ran along the street, I pursued him, and in about three hundred yards I caught him again. We took him into the nearest public house, and endeavoured to get a constable we could not.
Q. Did you ever find your pocket book. - A. No, never.
Q. When you turned round immediately you felt his hand in your pocket. - A. Yes.
Q. Was any body near you. - A. No one but the prisoner, I am certain of that.
Q. What become of that person that came forward and rescued him. - A. I was so agitated in my mind, I cannot tell what became of him; he was about three or four yards from the prisoner when I saw him first.
Q. What became of your pocket book. - A. I do not know.
Q. What was in your pocket book. - A. To the amount of eight pounds; six one pound notes, and a two pound notes.
Q. Are you sure that this is the man that had his hand in your pocket. - A. Yes, I felt his hand in my pocket.
Q. How long before had you seen this pocket book or felt it. - A. Not a minute before, I put my hand upon it.
Q. Was there no person near you at the time that you felt it but the prisoner. - A. No, to the best of my knowledge there was not.
Q. Are you sure the moment you turned round, he endeavoured to make his escape. - A. Yes, before I spoke a word to him.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. You met a great number of people as you went along the Minories. - A. Exactly so.
Q. The prisoner at the moment you missed that pocket book ran out of your sight. - A. No, he was not out of my sight.
Q. Then if he had thrown it away you must have seen it. - A. I was so agitated when the man came to rescue him away, he might give him that pocket book.
Q. That is a very good argument, but it is only conjecture - you did not see him attempt to throw the pocket book away, nor swallow it. - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. You have never discovered any thing of it since. - A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I was walking along the Minories with James Schofield, I saw the prisoner draw his hand out of his pocket with the pocket book in his hand. At the time he was taking the pocket book out of his hand, Schofield turned about and seized the man; there was another of his companions rescued him out of Schofield's hands, and the prisoner ran away.
Q. Did you see what he did with the pocket book. - A. No, I could not; after he had given it to one of his companions, he ran through an alley.
Q. You did not see him give it away. - A. No, I could not see who was the receiver of the pocket book. When the prisoner was rescued, I ran after him down the Minories as hard as I could, and I secured him.
Q. That is the same man is it. - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. You were walking before the prosecutor at the time he lost his pocket book. - A. Yes, I was about four yards before him.
Q. As you were about four yards before him, I wonder how you could see it, did he order you to the right about, or how was it. - A. I heard a noise, and I turned round, I saw him seize upon the prisoner.
Q. Aye, that might be, but you were walking about four yards before your comrade. - A. Yes, he called out somebody had robbed him.
Q. At that time your comrade had lost his pocket book. - A.He had.
Q. Then if he had lost his pocket book when he called out, and you were walking before him, how came you to see that he was robbed. - A. I saw my comrade seize upon the prisoner.
Q. I know you did, you suspected him, and so did he - do you mean to tell me that you was four yards before the man that was robbed, and did not turn round till after the man was robbed, and upon his calling out you turned round and saw the man take the pocket book. - A. I did.
Q. You told the same story before the magistrate. - A Certainly; I say what I saw.
Q. I am very sure you do not mean to say what is wrong, but it cannot be so; common sense contradicts it; what became of the pocket book you cannot say. - A No.
Jury to prosecutor. Where was your pocket. - A. Outside, the same as it is in this coat. I am sure that I felt my pocket book just before.
Q. We wish to ask Anderson whether he will swear that he positively saw the man take the money.
Court. He saw him draw his hand out with the pocket book in his hand, that is what he swore.

Q. to prosecutor. How came you possessed of so much money. - A. I had been receiving some prize money for the taking of the Cape of Good Hope at Mr. Davidson's office in Holborn-court.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of what I am accused; I am a butcher
 by trade.



               GUILTY
             aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
