





733. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PARSONS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Wiggens
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of twelve, on thenight of the 24th of July
, and burglariously stealing therein, a coat, value 10 s. a jacket, value 8 s. and a whip. value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Oliver
                        



.


                  JAMES 
                  OLIVER
               



            . I live in Mr. Wiggen's house, in Bowl-yard, Swallow-street


. I secured the house; I was the last in the yard; it was the stable that was broken open; Mr. Wiggen rents the house and the stable.
Q. Can he go out of his house into the stable without going into the yard - A. No; it is under the same roof.
Q. Was the stable secured - A. Yes; I locked it myself about half after twelve.
Q. What time did you see it in the morning - A. A quarter before five; it was light then. I lost a coat a jacket, and a whip.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NETTLETON
               



            . I am a constable. This property was brought to me at the watchhouse by James.
- JAMES. Q. How came you by that property which you gave to the last witness - A. It laid about a yard and half from the prisoner when he was taken.


                  EDWARD 
                  JONKINS
               



            . On the 25th of July, about five o'clock, I was coming from my house to the king's stables to work; I took the prisoner attempting to force open one of his Majesty's stables: I asked the prisoner what he was doing, he said nothing at all; I took him by the collar and secured him; he tried to get away from me; in our scuffle this crow fell from his clothes; I picked it up.
The property produced and identified.
GUILTY, aged 30.




               Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
