






261. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GUN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of February

, three barrels, value 45 s. and a hundred gallons of beer, value 6 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John Trueman 
                     Villebois
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Villebois
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Sampson 
                     Hanbury
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BOWSER
                  




               
             for 


               feloniously receiving the same goods, knowing them to be stolen
            .
The indictment was opened by Mr. Bolland, and the case was stated by Mr. Knapp.



                  GEORGE 
                  EWINGS
               



            . - Mr. Andrews. What are you. - A. I am a watchman of Mile End New-town. On the 24th of February I was on the watch; after three o'clock it was my turn to go into the watch-house; I continued there till four, and then I went my round. I came up to the George ale house, in Pelham-street



, there stood a dray with seven barrels on it, fronting the George ale house door.
Q. Was any body standing with the dray at this time. - A. No, the whip laid on the curb, between the dray and the public house; in the course of a minute or two the prisoner Gun came out of the house with a bottle in his hand; he took up his whip, and drove off down to the store house with the seven barrels; where they were starting at the end of my beat. The store house belongs to Messrs. Hanbury and Co. In about twenty minutes afterwards I was sitting in my box. Gun came up to me with the empty dray; he says, what do you set there for, why did not you come and have something to drink. I said I did not know whether I might or no; he took hold of my hand, and shook hands with me. With that I found there was a finger wanting on his right hand. He drove off, in a direction to the brew-house; just before five o'clock I saw a dray coming from the brewhouse to go the store house, it stopped at the same public house; I stood up in my box, I saw a barrel go off the dray into the public house.
Q. Did you see who took the barrel. - A. No, I was on the offside, I came out of my box and took my lanthorn, from which I took out a bit of chalk to mark the dray. When I came up to the dray, there was nobody then with the dray, the same as before; they were in the house; I marked the dray on the right hand of the horse, on the shafts of the dray.
Q. What mark did you put upon it. - A. I went to make two crosses, I made one cross and a stroke, and then the chalk fell.
Court. How many barrels were there on the dray. - A. Seven remained on the dray, and one I saw carried in. I heard somebody coming out of the house, then I walked away from the door. Gun quickly came out of the house, he came up to me, and said, why do not you come and have something to drink.
Mr. Andrews. About what time was this. - A. It was just before five when this happened. Gun said I shall be there in about ten minutes, come and have something to drink.
Q. What did he mean by there. - A. Where they were starting. I looked at my watch, it was just about five o'clock, then he drove off; I went my round, and then I went down to the store house, I staid there about two or three minutes; there were several brewer


s men there pumping, but I knew none of them. When Gun saw me, he handed me some beer; after I had drank and was coming away, Gun was serving out some gin, he said you shall have a dram. I had a dram, and then I came away. I never saw Bowser at all.


                  THOMAS 
                  BUTTS AVELING
               



            . - Mr. Bolland. I believe you are the principal clerk in the house of Messrs. Trueman. - A. I am. The partners are 
               
                  John 
                  Trueman Villebois
               



            , and 
               
                  Henry 
                  Villebois
               



            , and 
               
                  Sampson 
                  Hanbury
               



            .
Q. Did you on the 24th of February, in consequence of any information from Ewings the watchman, make a minute investigation of the drays that had gone out that morning. - A. I did.
Q. Did you find any marks on any of those drays, and state to the court those marks. - A. I found on the off-shaft of a dray two crosses in chalk.
Q. Who had drove that dray. - A. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gunn
               



             had driven it in the morning; I applied to the magistrates of Worship street office, who sent two officers with me, Armstrong and Vickery.
Court. I wish to know how you can say it was Gunn who drove that morning. - A. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gunn
               



             was at work that morning, I saw his two horses and his dray that was allotted to him, I saw Gunn with the horses and the dray at the brewhouse or the storehouse.
Q. All that you can say is, that you saw the horses that Gunn drove, and that chalked dray that morning. - A. Yes.
Mr. Bolland. - Where did you first proceed with Vickery and Armstrong - A. To the lodgings of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gunn
               



            , I found him there and gave charge of him to the officers. We next proceeded to the George public-house, kept by the prisoner 
               
                  William 
                  Bowser
               



            ; when we first went into the house he was not at home, he came in in about a quarter of an hour; upon his return I asked him whether our drays were not there very early that morning, he answered they were; I then asked him if the men left any thing, he hesitated for an instant and said no; I then asked him a second time, he answered they had left two barrels of beer; I asked him where the beer was, he answered in the cellar; I then asked him where the casks where, he said in the yard; he went with me into the yard and shewed me one barrel; I asked him for the other cask, he answered it was in the back place, broke up; he went with me into a back kitchen, he shewed me a number of staves and hoops, which he said were the staves and the hoops of the other cask; I then went with him into the cellar, where he shewed me a but full of beer; I asked him whether the but was empty when he first put the beer in, he answered that it was empty; I asked him from where he got the third barrel, he answered, that the drayman brought it with the others; I then asked him for the third cask, he answered that the staves which he had shewed me where the staves belonging to the two barrels; he afterwards told me that he had bought the beer of the drayman Gunn, and that he had given him three one pound notes for three barrels.
Q. What was that three barrels of beer worth. - A. Six pounds fifteen shillings.
Q. What was the value of each cask. - A. One guinea.
Q. One cask was not broke up, whose property was that. - A. Messrs. Trueman, Hanbury and Co.
Q. Was this beer of the quality which you usually furnish the publicans. - A. Certainly not, it was store beer not of age for selling.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. - The prisoner Bowser has been in the public line but a little time. - A. A few months.
Q. Had he been quite six weeks. - A. I cannot answer to a month.
Q. When you charged him upon this subject, he took and shewed you this I believe, he told you that he had been induced to buy it by the drayman telling him it was a perquisite of his. - A He did.


                  DANIEL 
                  BISHOP
               



            . - Mr. Knapp. You are an officer of Worship street. - A. I am.
Q. Are you acquainted with the hand-writing of Mr. Moser the magistrate. - A. I am.
Q. Were you present when the prisoner Gunn signed any paper. - A. I was at the time of his examination.
Q. Take that in your hand and tell me whether that is the mark that the prisoner Gunn made at the examination. - A. It is.
Q. Is that the hand-writing of Mr. Moser. - A. It is, I saw him write it. The (examination read in court.)
Q. (to Mr. Aveling.) Did the prisoner Bowser deal with you. - A. Yes.
Q. Were you to have sent him at this time any beer. - A. We had no orders.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . - Mr. Alley. You are a police officer of Worship street. - A. I am. On Tuesday the 24th of February I apprehended Gunn, and then we went to the George public house, kept by Bowser, we found the cask and staves there; after I had seen them and found the beer in the cellar, I asked him how he came by them, he said he had paid three pounds for them; and he thought they were perquisites. I brought them to the public office, and they are here now.


                  ADAM 
                  TINSLEY
               



            . - Mr. Alley. What are you. - A. I am a cooper by trade.
Q. Did the last witness shew you a cask and some staves. - A. He did, a cask with one head in it and some staves, the cask was marked with Trueman and Hanbury's name upon it. I picked out the staves, and made two complete barrels.
Gunn said nothing in his defence.
Bowser's Defence. When Gunn called on me the night before and had a pot of ale, he shook me by the hand and said, that he had heard say that I was a good civil fellow, and was well liked in the neighbourhhood, he should come and have his beer of me, and several more of his acquaintance; he ordered a pot of beer to be taken home to his house, which I took home myself. He afterwards wanted to say something to me in secret, we went into the kitchen together, he told me he could let me have a barrel of stout, he said they were perquisites. I asked him how much it was to be, he said a one pound note was the same as they had of others, he should not charge me any more. I asked him what I was to do with it, he said put it into the waste but, it would help the waste but very much; he asked me what time I would be up in the morning, for they were going to start beer, and they should give me a call in the morning. I understood that there was a good many of them, and it was worth my attention to be up early in the morning. I told him I would be up at any hour, he said he would bring the cask in the morning in his way to the store-house; accordingly he did, and ordered me to have a bottle of gin, which I gave him according to his orders; then they put the barrel down into the cellar, he said be could let me have two more, which he brought, one at each turn. When he went and put up his horses, he said he would come and empty them, which he did, and brought tools with him for that purpose; he knocked up the hoops so as he might be able to knock in the head; when he was knocking in the head the beer flew about; I left him and went into the tap-room for a considerable time, I went to see how he was getting on. he ordered a glass of gin, which I took him; he skimmed some of the froth off with his hand, and said it was very strong, and they ought to brew it all like that; he asked me how much I gave for a but of other beer, I could not say exactly, I told him near six pounds; he said that they sold that for nine pounds in about three months time; that was nearly all that passed at that time. We went into the bar, I asked him how much I was to pay him, he said four pounds; I told him that I understood that one barrel was to be only one pound, why was I to give him four for the three, he said I must give him a seven shilling piece then, or else he should be out of pocket. After I had gave him the three pound and the seven shilling piece, he asked me to give him change of a one pound note, which I did, supposing that he wanted change to divide it; I asked him how many there was, he said only three. He went away for some time, and then called again for half a pint of gin, and then he asked me to change him a one pound note, which I did. There were two came first in the morning, which I forgot to mention.
Gunn called no witnesses to character.
Bowser called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUNN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BOWSER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 43.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
