





311. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THORN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of April
, a shilling and a sixpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Hoare
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  HOARE
               



             sworn. - I am a haberdasher
, the prisoner was my porter
: On Wednesday the 8th of April, about nine o'clock in the evening, I put into the till ten shillings and four sixpences, which I had marked; the till is not locked, but there are inside shutters, and they are locked with a padlock; it was the prisoner's duty to lock it, and give me the key; he gave me the key that night, and I gave it him again next morning as usual to unlock it; I saw him unlock one padlock, and pretend to unlock the other.
Q. How do you know he only pretended to unlock the other? - A. Because I had been the night before to examine, and found it unlocked; as soon as he had opened the shop, and his back turned, I looked in the till, and missed one shilling and sixpence; I went to the officer about ten o'clock, and he found one shilling and sixpence of money that I had marked, upon him; he had other silver about him, and twenty penny worth of copper.
Cross-exmined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Are you alone in business? - A. Certainly.
Q. How many persons do you employ in yourshop? - A. Two young ladies that make up the millinery.
Q. This till is left open during the whole business of the day? - A. Yes.
Q. What sort of a mark was this? - A. More like a V than any thing else; but it was not intended to represent any particular letter.
Q. I dare say you never saw a letter upon a shilling, or a sixpence, in your life? - A. Yes, I have, certainly.
Q. Is there anything more common? - A. Certainly not; but that is done with a stamp.
Q. Have you never seen a sixpence, or a shilling, with a scratch of a pin upon it, or any other pointed instrument? - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  BARR
               



             sworn. - I am a watch-maker: On Wednesday morning last, about twelve o'clock. I saw ten shillings, and four sixpences, marked by Mr. Hoare; and the next day I saw one shilling and sixpence of it taken from the prisoner, and delivered to the officer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHEPHERD
               



             sworn. - I am a beadle,(produces the one shilling and sixpence;) I received it from the prisoner, with some other silver, and about twenty penny worth of halfpence; I asked him for his master's property; he said, he had got none; I told him I must see it; and then he pulled out one shilling and sixpence, of which Mr. Hoare had described the mark.
Prosecutor. This is the same, but the mark is not very easy discerned.
Mr. Knapp. Q. There are several marks about it? - A. I don't wish to know any other marks than my own.
Q. And that scratch is the only mark by which you are able to swear to it? - A. Yes.
Q. Is there any money due to this man for wages? - A. There is nothing due, I have paid it to his mother since.
Jury. Q. If you will examine it again, you will observe there are several smaller marks upon that money? - A. It is a mark that you cannot discern but by the shade of the light.
Jury. Q. Is that conspicuous cross the mark you mean to swear to? - A. No, that is a mark put upon it by the officer.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Will you venture to swear these marks were not upon it when you put it into the till? - A. I did not observe.
Shepherd. I put a cross upon the opposite side to the prosecutor's mark.
Mr. Knapp. Q. You put that mark upon it to know it again? - A. Yes.
Q. You would not have known it again without that mark? - A. Yes, I should.
Prisoner's defence. I am not guilty.
Barr. This is the same money; I have another of the marked shillings in my pocket. (It is banded to the Jury.)
Jury. Q. Did you intend that the mark upon this should be like the mark upon the other shilling and sixpence? - A. Nearly so.
Q. This appears to be like a W.? - A. That may have happened from my marking one stroke down and not seeing it; I may have made another.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
