





833. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of October
, a watch, value 3 l. a watch key value 6 d. and a piece of ribbon, value 2 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Lenan
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .



                  JAMES 
                  LENAN
               



            . I am a taylor
.
Q. When did you lose your watch - A. On Wednesday the 25th of last month, on the Jubilee day, in St. Paul's church yard


, between twelve and one at noon, I lost my watch; I did not see it taken. A gentleman behind me held up the watch; when I saw it I knew it to be my property; the gentleman had hold of the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PAYNE
               



            . Curiosity led me to St. Paul's church-yard, I had not been there five minutes before I saw two men of suspicious appearance, and from seeing the appearance of these men and their conduct towards me, I watched their motions some considerable time; I saw them attempt some gentlemen's pockets, and told them of; I believed I saved many gentleman's property by that means; I saw the prisoner and another go to several gentlemen and after about a quarter of an hour there was a third joined them; soon after he had joined them they went behind this young man and another gentleman, they pressed them very close. In the course of two or three minutes I saw the prisoner turn round as though he was coming from those persons they were pressing; I saw him draw his hand from the side of one of the others, with the watch in it immediately; as I perceived the string hanging from his hand I seized his hand with the watch in it. The moment I had secured the watch I held it up, and called out, which of you gentlemen have lost a watch. The prosecutor turned round and said it is my watch; instantly upon that I took the prisoner by the collar and secured him; soon after I had secured him there was a bustle among the people, some constables came and wanted me to offer him up; I refused. One of the constables took hold of the other side of him, and we went with the prisoner to Giltspur-street compter. I told them every man was a constable to take a thief; I wanted them to take notice of the people around me than they might not rescue him; I refused to give him up to any man. When we got to the compter I took the watch out and asked the young man whether he was certain it was his; he said he was, his mother gave it him. I gave it to the constable to take care of.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to see the procession go to St. Pauls, I stopped by St. Paul's gate; I saw a hustle among a great many people, a man said to me, take this; he put a watch into my hands and made off. There was an outcry about an handkerchief; I said I have no handkerchief, I have got a watch in my hand, I do not know who it belongs to.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
