






171. 
               
                  
                     HUGH 
                     CHARLES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     BURGESS
                  




               
             were indicted of 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of December
, 6lb. of pork, value 4s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Jenkins
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JENKINS
               



             sworn. - I keep a porkshop
 in Jewin-street: On the 28th of December, about twelve o'clock, I sent my girl servant with two legs of pork; she lost one, and came and told me of it; I never saw them again; I went to a public-house, and found the prisoners; 
               
                  Hugh 
                  Charles
               



             offered me half a guinea, as we were going to the Hall, to pay for the leg of pork, and spend a crown, rather than go before the Alderman; I resused it, and a scussle took place; Burgess offered half a guinea also.


                  MARY 
                  ROBERTS
               



             sworn. - I live with Mr. Jenkins as servant; am twelve years old, and know the nature of an oath: On Tuesday my master sent we with two legs of pork to the Gentleman and Porter, in Nichol-square; I put them in the tray on the bar-door for the lady to take which she liked of the two; she took the bigger one, and left the other in the tray; I turned my face to the tap-room while the mistress gave the men change; when I turned about the leg of pork was gone; I asked the lady about it; she said she did not know; then I went home, and told my master.
Cross-examined by Mr. Hart. Q. Which went out of the house first? - A. The three men; there was another with the prisoners.
 - BLAND sworn. - I am a cabinet-maker: On the 28th of December last, between twelve and one o'clock, I called at the Gentleman and Porter; on going in at the outward door on the lefthand is the bar directly by the door; the passage is rather narrow; there were several people standing at the bar, to the number of four or five, which rather obstructed my going forward; the first person next the outward door was Burgess; next to him was Charles, who had a leg of pork in his hand; a third person of their company was observing, that if it was to be baked, it would shrink up to nothing; the little girl stood close to the bar, and the tray was on the bar-door; they seemed to have got some change, and moved outward, which gave more room for me to pass, and I went into the tap-room; almost directly there was an alarm that the leg of pork was stolen; Charles was holding up the pork, looking at it, when I saw it.
Mr. Hart. Q. It was not concealed? - A. No.
Q. And what was said was loud enough to be heard? - A. Yes.
Court. Q.(To Roberts.) What became of the other leg of pork? - A. The mistress took the other leg, and put it in the bar.


                  JOHN 
                  NORRIS
               



             sworn. - I keep the Gentleman and Porter public-house; the two prisoners were at my bar with another person.
GOODACRE sworn. - I am a constable, and took the prisoners into custody at the corner of Golden-lane, as they were looking into a shop, about ten minutes after the pork was lest; I heard the prisoners offer half a guinea to make it up.
Prisoner Charles's defence. I had change, and met a few young men I knew; we had half a pint of gin; I left them at the bar, and went home; Mr. Norris came to my house, and asked me if I knew any thing of the pork; I said I would go and sind the men, if possible, who were in the house, for I knew nothing of it; I went and found them, and as I was returning with them, they took us all.

Burgess's defence. When I had drank a glass of gin I came out; I never saw the park.
Charles, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24. Burgess, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
