





67. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COOKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of November
, a silver label, value 5s. a knife, value 2s. and a sevenshilling piece
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Groves
                  




               
            .
THOMAS GROVES sworn. - I keep the Sun public house in Newman-street




: On the 6th of November, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I was coming down stairs, and saw mybar-window open; I looked into the bar, and saw the prisoner, who lodged in my house, lay down at his full length; I turned back up-stairs, and told my wife to come down as quick as possible, for the baker was got into the bar; I came down stairs, and unlocked the bar-door; the prisoner had got in at the window which goes backwards and forwards, and fastens by a bolt, which he had driven out; I sent a porter for a constable, and the prisoner lay there till he came; he was very much intoxicated, as he had been drinking brandy in the bar; I unlocked the till to see what was gone; I found a silver port-wine label was gone, a knife, and a seven-shilling piece; when the constable came, the prisoner was taken into the parlour and searched, and the property found on him.
 - SUTHRLAND sworn. - I am a constable; I searched the prisoner, and found the articles on him, and key, which I produce; the seven; shilling piece dropped from his cloaths when we lifted him up; the others were in his pocket(produces them); I tried the key, and it opens the till, the key appears to be fresh field - (the articles identified.)
Prisoner I know nothing of it.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Jutice Grose.
