






702. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  JONES
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of August
, a marble slab, value 21s.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Waddilove
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  DALY
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman in Goodge-street, Tottenham-court-road: On the 6th of August, about two o'clock in the morning, I saw the two prisoners come down Tottenham-court-road; Smith had the slab upon his head in a cloth, like a working man's apron; there was a watch box on the other side of the way, where there was a light, and they crossed the way; I came out of my box, and pursued them; I laid hold of Smith, and asked him what he had there? he said, a marble slab; I asked him where he brought it from; and he said from Mr. Waddilove's, the stone-mason, who was his master; he said he was going to Eagle-street, Red-Lion-square, with it; I said it is a very unseasonable hour, and he immediately gave the slab to the other prisoner; upon that I sprung my rattle, and he ran down Store-street; I kept Smith in custody; Jones was brought back by another watchman; we took them to the watch-house; Jones then said they had picked it up at Mr. Moore's livery-stable gateway; after that he said they had picked it up in Howland-street, or Warren-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WEBSTER
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman; I assisted Daly in securing Smith; I am sure Jones is the same man that ran away; he was brought back in the course of three or four minutes.(Chinnery, an officer, produced the slab, which was identified by Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Waddilove
               



            .)
Smith's defence. I picked up this slab in Tottenham-court-road, and the watchman laid hold of me.
Jones's defence. I was with this young man when he picked it up.
The prisoner Smith called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Jones, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.
Smith, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 45.





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
