





452. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     POWERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of May
, a silver watch, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Fowler
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I am an independent man, I live in St. George's in the East. On Tuesday the 26th of May last, about a quarter after nine o'clock, I was at the end of Barbican, the corner of Golden-lane; I stopped there, resting my hand upon the post, my wife was looking at a haberdasher's shop, I was looking towards Long-lane, that she might not pass me; it was getting dark, there were several men standing behind the post in Golden-lane; I did not take notice of them, my eye being fixed along Barbican; several men rushed upon me and took me bodily away from the post, several yards down Barbican


; I felt a sudden twitch of my pocket and when I felt the switch I saw the motion of the prisoner's hand as soon as they had quitted me; I clapped my hand to my pocket and exclaimed that I had been robbed of my watch; the prisoner and several others went down Red Cross-street as hard as they could run; I pursued him, calling stop thief, still keeping him in sight; the prisoner was stopt; I laid hold of him; at the time he had his coat off; he gave his coat to a man that was standing on his left hand; I had hold of the prisoner with my left hand, I seized the man with my right hand; a scuffle ensued, they both got from me; I hurt my hand, it has been so bad this three weeks I do not know what to do with it hardly; the prisoner was taken in a few minutes afterwards, he was taken to a public house and there searched; there was nothing found on him.
Q. What became of the other man. - A. The other man got off; he dropped the coat and another person picked it up.
Q. Was he one of those that drove you from the post. - A. I cannot say positively that I saw him where they stood; I was not more than three yards from them, I saw them standing in Golden-lane; I never saw their faces, I was standing outside of the post by a pawnbrokers, not to hinder the foot passengers.
Q. Was the prisoner one of the party. - A. Yes, I fixed my eye upon him, he was one of the party that rushed on me; he was the man; when I felt the snatch I saw his motion, I am sure he was one of the party.
Q. Did you ever find your watch again. - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Reynolds. This was past nine o'clock. - A. Yes, the clock struck nine when I was in Charterhouse-square.
Q. It was dusk. - A. Yes, but it was a remarkable clear day.
Q. You say there were several men - how many do you think there might be. - A. I dare say there was half a dozen.
Q. When you was hurried along in that manner, I should imagine you could not take much notice - when a man is in that situation he cannot make much observation - they rushed you down Barbican. - A. No, about six yards.
Q. You say the prisoner was the shortest man, were you in the confusion competent to ascertain which was the shortest man among them. - A. He was the shortest man, I took notice of the colour of his coat, it was a light great coat; I catched my eyes upon him.
Q. What was the colour of any body else's coat that was there. - A. There were two others with dark great coats, and some with short coats.
Q. This a little astonished you. - A. Yes, and I dare say if you had been in my situation, it would have astonished you.
Q. I know it would; so much so that I should not be able to say who was the shortest man - you getting among a parcel of riotous men, and losing your wife, must be very much flurried. - A. No, not at all.
Q. Then you were not flurried. - A. No, I was in a frustration.
Q. How long before this had you known that your watch was in your pocket. - A. When I left my friend's house, No. 58, St. John-street, just by Hicks'-hall.
Q. You had your eye upon the prisoner all the time. - A. Yes, he was before me.
Q. All the others were behind you. - A. No, some were before me.
Q. Then you might have seen them; have you always given the same account - A. Exactly. When a man states the truth, he cannot deviate from it.
Q. Have you always given the same story. - A. Yes, I think I have.
Q. Never made the least deviation. - A. I do not say; I may have made a deviation in a word, the facts are the same.
Q. You lost you watch at the corner of Golden-lane. - A. Yes.
Q. You never said you lost it at the corner of Barbican by Long-lane. - A. I said that end of Barbican, the corner of Golden-lane; that was correct. In an instant I mentioned Long-lane instead of Golden-lane, and the alderman corrected me in an instant.
Q. Then you have not always told the same story. - A. I said not in a word.
Q. Will you take upon yourself positively to swear, that you saw this person, whom you never saw before in your life; that the prisoner was one of the party. - A. I will swear to the prisoner, that he was one of the party that hustled me.
Q. What became of the coat - A. He put it on again, it was searched, there was nothing in it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DOWLING
               



            . I was coming along by Cripplegate church; I saw a parcel of men running, and a man crying stop thief; I saw the prisoner throw his coat over his head, and he got away; I collared him.
Q. What coat was it. - A. A white drab long coat; his coat was brought to him again.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to Mr. Wood, an enameller, the same as I am, to ask for work; I met a friend who told me my sister in Moor-lane was taken ill; I made the best of my way home, when some gentlemen took hold of me and pursued me; I took off all my clothes for them to search them; he charged another man with robbing him; he proved to be a respectable housekeeper, he let him go.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
