





470. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LOFT
                  



               
             was again indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        George 
                        Mutter
                     



                  , about the hour of twelve at night, on the 22d of June
, and burglariously stealing therein, an axe, value 1 s. a screw winch, value 1 s. a nail drawer, value 1 s. three squares, value 3 s. four planes, value 4 s. a rule, value 6 d. a pair of sheep shears, value 6 d. a broken saw, value 2 d. a padlock, value 3 d. a basket, value 4 d. a saddle cloth, value 6 d. a piece of rug, value 6 d. and two pistols, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Mutter
                        




.


                  GEORGE 
                  MUTTER
               



             sworn. - I live with my father, he keeps a house at Little Stanmore


; the articles were stolen on the 22d of June: from the circumstance of the window being entered, I presume the door must have been fastened, as the door was fastened in the morning at nine o'clock when I first saw it on that day; they had removed the sash to take the articles out. This man was taken up on the 5th of July, he told me he had taken them, and if I would go with him, he would go and shew me where he had deposited them; he then led me up the lane, and took the pistols from a hedge; from there he took me to a dunghill, and scratching it about a foot deep he produced a great number of articles in two sacks; I then asked him for the screw-winch, he took me two fields from our house, and took it from a hedge; I asked him the meaning of depositing them in so many places; says he, I was overloaded, and I intended, when I had got sufficient, to have gone to London, and brought a cart and took them all away. I asked him where he lodged, he said in Chapel-street, Tottenham-court-road; I went there and found an axe, which is a different axe to the other, and this saw, they were in his workshop; I found these duplicates on a shelf under a stone in his workshop. I am sure the whole of the property is my father's.


                  THOMAS 
                  WOODMAN
               



             sworn. - I produce a rule and three squares pledged on the 2d of July by the prisoner at the bar.
Prisoner's defence. One of the squares does not belong to the gentleman, I made it myself, I could make another like it, if I had the tools; and that plane belongs to 
               
                  Charles 
                  Ham
               



            , a carpenter at Edgware.
GUILTY




               Of stealing 
only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
