





347. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     NUNN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of April
, a petticoat, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Gates
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  GATES
               



             sworn. My husband's name is 
               
                  William 
                  Gates
               



            , we live at Battle Bridge


. On Saturday the 29th of April, I hung my petticoat out to dry in my own garden, and I had pinned it to a gown which I have now got on.
Q. There was an alarm of somebody having taken the petticoat. - A. Yes, I ran and fetched the prisoner back.
Q. Was the petticoat ever found. - A. No, she threw the petticoat away, and the man that was with her picked it up and ran away.
MARTHA WOODMAN sworn. On the 26th of April as I was going to get something for dinner, I was coming down the road, I saw this woman go into Hamlington court, and take a petticoat from Mrs. Gates's paling; I asked the woman at the bar if it was hers, she said it was; she had on a long red cloak, I saw her put it under her cloak and run over the road; when I saw her run I called out who belongs to these pales, Mrs. Gates came out, said she did; I told her the prisoner had taken a petticoat and had ran up Britannia row; they brought her back and found nothing on her, I saw her brought back, she is the very same woman.


                  MARY 
                  JAGO
               



             sworn. Q. Do you know Mrs. Gates. - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see her petticoat hanging on the paling. - A. I did; when I came down the court, the prisoner passed me in Britannia street with a bundle under her cloak, what it was I cannot tell, the petticoat was gone when I went up the court; I made an alarm to Mrs. Gates.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to gather some dandelion, and coming along this road, where I serve with asparagus, some women called after me, you have got something that does not belong to you under your cloak, I turned back to go to the woman that said I had got the property, and before I got over the second channel, a man came out and said he would take good care I should not go; I stopped an hour before the officer took me, the officer took me into a public house and searched me, I had not any thing in the world but one halfpenny; he asked me where I lodged, I said it is nothing where I lodge, I get my money very hard; I am really innocent of the fact, you may depend upon it, as innocent as God is just and true in heaven.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
