





120 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     GILES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of December
, fourteen ounces of Bengal silk, value 18s. and thirteen ounces of China silk, value 19s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Lany 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  RICHARD 
                  TAPLIN
               



             sworn. - I am foreman to Mr. 
               
                  Lany 
                  Smith
               



            , who has a crape manufactory
 at Hackney Wick


; I employ a great many young females, of whom the prisoner had the care: On the 6th of December, I delivered her thirty pounds weight of silk to untwist and tie up in bundles, which was returned to me in about an hour and a half afterwards, by 
               
                  Ann 
                  Childs
               



            .
Q. Was that done for which she had it to be done? - A. Yes; it was tied up in bundles; I then weighed it again, and it wanted fourteen ounces of weight; I immediately went to the prisoner, andfound her at the Old Mermaid, in Church-street, Hackney; I told her there was some property missing, and I was pretty sure she had got it; she said, if there was any missing, she was sure she knew nothing at all of it.
Q. What passed after that? - A. I told her, I was positive she had got it in her possession, and that there was an officer at hand ready to be called for to search the place; she made hesitation, and then said there was a woman up stairs, Mrs. Whitely; and I went up stairs with her to Mrs. Whitely, and the prisoner opened a box, and gave me out the Bengal silk that was missing; there were fourteen ounces, which exactly made up the deficiency.
Q. Was it, as far as you can guess, from colour and sample, the same silk? - A. There was not the least difference; she begged for mercy, and hoped her master would not prosecute her; I sent for an officer, he came, and took her into custody.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. How long had this woman been in your service? - A. I suppose, ten years.


                  ANN 
                  CHILDS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am employed in Mr. Smith's manufactory: On the 6th of December, Mrs. Giles gave me some silk to carry to Mrs. Taplin, I had helped her to untwist it.
Q. Did you give all the silk to Taplin that she gave to you? - A. Yes.


                  LANY 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am the proprietor of this manufactory, the prisoner was my servant
; in consequence of a solicitation of hers, on the Sunday morning, I went to the watch-house where she was, she begged for mercy, and hoped I would not prosecute her; I told her, the law must take its course, but there was a duty which I thought she owed to me; that I thought there was an accomplice, and she gave me a long account of what had been taken by her, and a confidential servant of mine, of the name of Bayliss.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Have you any partner? - A. None.
The prisoner left her defence to her Counsel, and called three witnesses, who gave her a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 43.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
