





230. 
               
                  MARY 
                  NEWBURY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of January
, 6 l. 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        Susannah 
                        Powell
                     




                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Probat
                     



.


                  SARAH 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Mawman
               



            , Bishopgate street.
Q. What is Mrs. Powell. - A. She is so infirm that she cannot appear, she is ninety five years of age.
Q. What is the prisoner. - A. She is a young woman lately come out of the workhouse; my grandmother took her in because she had no where to go; my grandmother lives at No. 5, Broad yard, Turnmill street


.
Q. When was this money taken. - A. I left my grandmother to go to the situation I am now in. On Monday the 26th of January Mr. Ford sent for me to come and see whether my grandmother's property was safe. I came, and on opening the drawer where the box was in, I found it gone. I found it in the third drawer, and there were only two guineas in it; the last time I saw it it contained nine guineas.


                  RICHARD 
                  FORD
               



            . I am a scale maker. I live at No. 4, Broad yard, Turnmill street, Clerkenwell. Mrs. Powell lives next door. 
               
                  John 
                  Probat
               



             keeps the house, he does not live there himself, he lets out the whole house in lodgings; he lives at the top of the yard in another house. I had suspicion; I sent for her grand daughter to come and see if her grandmother's property was safe I went up to Mrs. Powell's apartment, the prisoner was sitting on her bed; I asked how she could be so cruel after Mrs. Powell had been so kind to take her in, for to take her property from her. I then told her if she had any of it to produce it; I would have a constable and search her if she did not. She then produced nineteen shillings and sixpence farthing, I said to her this is not all you have left out of the seven guineas. She said she did not take seven guineas, she only took four. I heard her confess that the clothes that she had bought was with the money that she took from Mrs. Powell.
- MILES. I am a constable. I was sent for to take her in custody; when I went there she pointed out the things that she had bought with the old woman's money; I have brought them here; she said she took four guineas from the old woman.
Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Miles asked me what money I could make up for the money I had taken. I gave him nineteen shillings and two pence farthing. I told him that was all that I had got. He said it would be a great deal better for me if I would own to it.
GUILTY, aged 28.
Of 


               stealing four guineas, but not in the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
