







286. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HOLMES
               




            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BISHOP
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BUTLER
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Baker
                        



                     
                  , on the 28th of January
, about the hour of twelve in the night, and stealing a side of bacon, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Shaw
               



            .
The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoners.


                  JOHN 
                  SHAW
               



             sworn. - I am a cheesemonger
, in St. Peter's-lane, St. John's-street; I have a warehouse at the bottom of Cow-cross


: On the 28th of January, in consequence of being told by two little boys that my warehouse was broke open, I sent a constable to watch the warehouse; that is all I know.
Q. Was the property found? - A. Yes.
THOMAS DAVIS. - Q.How old are you? - A.Eleven the 12th of March.
Q. Do you go to school? - A. Yes.
Q. Do they teach you your catechism? - A. Yes.
Q. Is it good to tell a lie? - A. No.
Q. Do you know that you are going to call God to witness to the truth of what you say? - A. Yes.
Q. You know that it is a very bad thing if you tell a lie? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know if you tell a lie you will be punished in this world and in the next? - A. No.
Q. Did you never hear where wicked people go to after they die? - A. Yes, into a place of punishment. - (Sworn.)
Court. Q. You have been calling God to witness that every word you will tell us shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth; now if you tell a lie you will be liable to be punished in this world as well as the next; now tell us the whole you know of this business? - A. I saw two men break open Mr. Shaw's warehouse with the claw of a hammer; I am not sure they are the men.
Q.What time was that? - A. Between eight and nine; my mother sent me out of an errand.
Q.What did they do? - A. They tried to wrench the lock off; I went and told Mr. Shaw.
Q. Did you ever see those men again? - A. I saw them at Hatton-Garden.
Q.Are you sure they were the two men you saw attempt to break Mr. Shaw's warehouse open?- A. I cannot say they were.
GEORGE DAVIS. - Q.How old are you? - A.Nine.
Q. Do you go to school? - A. Yes, to St. Sepulchre's.
Q. Can you read? - A. Yes.
Q. Can you say your catechism? - A.Some of it.
Q. Do you know whether it is good or bad to tell a lie? - A. Bad.
Q.Where do wicked men go to? - A. The naughty man.
Q. You know you come here to speak the truth? - A. Yes.
Q. If you tell a lie, do you know that you will be punished in this world, and go to the naughty man in the next? - A. Yes. - (Sworn.)
Court. Q.Now you have called God to witness that you will speak nothing but the truth, and the whole truth? - A. Thomas Davis is my brother; I was going home, and saw two men; they had a hammer in their hand; they tried to get the cellardoor open; we went and told the gentleman, and they crossed over the way.
Q. Are either of the prisoners the men? - A. I believe they are the men, but I am not sure.
Q.After you had seen them at the warehouse, did you go to the Justice's? - A. Yes.
Q. You saw the two men produced there? -- A. Yes.
Q.Were those two men you saw there the same that you saw at the warehouse? - A. I don't think they were.
Q. How many days after did you see them at the Justice's? - A. I don't know.
JOSEPH WENTWORTH sworn. - I am a coaldealer; I live at No. 15, Peter's-lane, Cow-cross; I was called on the 28th of January, between eight and nine in the evening, to go to Mr. Shaw's warehouses, by Thomas Davis; he told me there were two men had broke open the door of Mr. Shaw's warehouse at the bottom of Cow-cross; I went down; before I got to the place, about thirty yards from it, I discovered two men going away from the door of the warehouse; I went down immediately to the warehouse, and put my hand tofeel whether or no the doors had been broken; I found the door had been pinched open, so far as I could get my hand in.
Q. You mean forced open? - A. Yes, I saw no more of the men: I went to a public-house, the corner of Jacob's-court; I called the next witness, another officer, and gave him a description of what had passed, and information what to do; he sent a little boy to go into a public-house; I saw him repulsed twice, they would not let him in.
Q. What public-house? - A. I cannot tell, I am not acquainted with it; upon that I waited to watch the warehouse, till twelve o'clock; I saw a man lurking about, not one of these; I went up to our watch-house, where the two witnesses that are to be called were, and informed them there were persons lurking about; upon that I was sent out again, it was nigh twelve o'clock; some people were coming from the play, and I followed them close down to the warehouse side, where I saw a short man coming up Sharpe's-alley, from the back part of the warehouse; I took no notice, but went back again to the watch-house, and informed White what I saw; White went out upon that, and I staid in the watch-house, and he brought up a young lad, neither of these three, he delivered him into my custody, and went out again and brought in the prisoner Holmes; when he brought him into the watch-house, I observed something white on his back; I said to him, has the constable White been rolling you in the snow, there was snow on the ground; upon that he took off his coat and shook it, and said, he had fell down; upon that I put him back in the place for security; White, and Lammas, another officer, went out again from the watch-house; they next brought in the prisoner, Butler, we put them both back into our place for security; White and I went down to the warehouses, and went into Sharpe's-alley; the warehouse goes through from Cow-cross into Sharpe's-alley, into Mr. Lee's, a carcase-butcher's yard; there were two gates of Mr. Lee's to open, before we could get into the warehouse; when we got to the warehouse, I found a pair of large doors broke open by violence, they were the outer doors of the warehouse; we found one slitch of bacon out of the warehouse, lying under the wall, and in the warehouse two more taken out of a pack, and brought forward from where the pack of bacon lay, towards the door, the pack was cut open, it had contained four flitches, three were removed; upon that we called Mr. Shaw, but he did not come till we had brought the bacon to the watch-house; we left the bacon at the watch-house, and Lammas, White, and myself, went out to look about to see if we could see any more on the spot; as we were coming out of Sharpe's-alley, we heard a cart coming down Turnmill-street, leading to Cow-cross, he came up as far as the warehouse door, and there he made a kind of a stop; I followed the cart down to the alley, White was the first that followed it; when I came down, I asked Bishop, who brought the horse and cart down to the warehouse, down Sharpe's-alley, whether there was neither name or number on the cart, and where he was going, he said, he had had some words with his wife, and he was going to take his horse and cart down to his wife's mother, who lived in Sharpe's-alley; we got a watchman's lantern, and looked round the cart, and found neither name nor number on it; with that we took him into custody, and took him to the watch-house, and secured the cart.
Q. That is all that passed between you and Bishop? - A. Yes.
Q.Did you observe any thing about Holmes's coat? - A. I forgot to tell about that; when we got back into the warehouse, I told Lammas and White, that Holmes had something white on his coat, it was salt, I rasted it, and so did the others.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. So you tasted salt? - A. Yes.
Q. You know there are three forty pounds to be rasted? - A. I come on no such account.
Q.Have you never heard there is a reward of forty pounds on each head? - A. Yes.
THOMAS WHITE sworn. - I am a constable: On the 28th of last month, I had information from these two boys, and Wentworth, that the warehouse of Mr. Shaw, in Cow-cross, was broke open; I asked the boys, if they knew where the men were; one of the boys said, they were in the adjoining public-house; I sent the boy to go in before me, he was sent back, he could not get in.
Q. What house is that? - A. I believe, the White-horse; I went in with the boy, and he said, there was none of them there, I came out, and agreed with Wentworth to watch the place, we did so, till twelve o'clock; a little after twelve, I saw Holmes come up from under the gateway, it was broke open in two places, one that comes into Sharpe's-alley, the other into Cow-cross; I saw Holmes coming under the gateway from Sharpe's-alley, I thought he had been in the snow, his coat appeared so white.
Q.What did that white turn out to be afterwards? - A. I did not examine his coat, I put him in the watch-house; I came again, and found Butler at some distance from the place broke open; I brought him to the watch-house, and left him there; Wentworth asked me to taste what was on Butler's coat, I did, and found it to be salt.
Q.Was his coat white too? - A. Yes, a little on the shoulder; I went down again, and saw Bishop come with his cart, I was waiting just by my own door, opposite the warehouse broke open.
Q. A cart with one horse? - A. Yes; he got out of the cart there, took the horse by the head,and led him down Sharpe's-alley; he was stopped when he got about half-way down to the back-door that was broke open; I went to him, and got hold of the horse, and knew him, I had known him before; I asked him what he came there for, he said, to leave his cart for the night, and take his horse home.
Q.What time of night was this? - A. Very near one o'clock; I looked round the cart, and found neither name nor number; I took the man into custody, and the cart likewise.
Q.Are you sure he stopped close to the warehouse door? - A. Yes, there are two large pair of gates, a cart might back into the warehouse that was broke open.
Q. Did you observe how the warehouse had been broke open? - A. There was some wooden rails, some of the rails were broke, that a man might get through into the warehouse, and open the gates; the lock of the front door was wrenched off; the wooden railing was to let air into the cellar, the railing of the first door was broke, the wood was lying about.
Q. Do you know whose cart this was? - A. No, Bishop owned it; he is a higler, and goes about the country.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q.Which of the boys was it you sent to the public-house? - A. I believe, the eldest.
Q. The boy was repulsed, and you afterwards went in with him? - A. Yes.
Q. Neither of the prisoners were in the house? No.
Q. You know Bishop? - A. Yes.
Q. The first time you saw him, was, with the cart? - A. Yes.
Q. You saw nothing of him before? - A. No.
Q. You saw the warehouse was broke open before? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know where Bishop's mother lives?- A. I believe lower down in Sharpe's-alley.
Court. Q.Has she any stable or coach-house? I believe not.
Q. Any conveniency to stow a cart? - A. I believe not, she has only a one pair of stairs room to herself, she is a very poor woman.
EDWARD LAMMAS sworn. - I am an officer; about twelve o'clock at night, on the 28th of January, I saw Holmes after he was brought to the watch-house; I was present with White when Butler was taken; I was present when Bishop was taken.
Q. Do you know any thing more? - A. No.
Q.(To John Shaw.) Does this warehouse belong to you? - A. Yes.
Q.Have you any partner? - A. No.
Q. Nobody lives there? - A. No.
Q. It is no dwelling-house at all? - A. No; I took it of a man that keeps a public-house next door.
Q.Have you got your bacon again? - A. No.
Mr. Knapp. It is in the hands of the constable, he'll save it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q.How do you know the bacon? - A. There is the name of the factors upon it.
Q. Any body else that deals with them, would have their name on the bacon? - A. Yes.
Holmes's defence. I have witnesses to prove where I was; when we were at Hatton-garden, the side was cut in pieces, now they have brought the whole side.
Butler's defence. I have witnesses to speak where I was.
Bishop. I leave my defence to my counsel.
Holmes, GUILTY, aged 23.
Butler, GUILTY, aged 24.
Bishop, GUILTY.
Of 


               stealing the property, but not of the burglary
            .






               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
