






347. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     KERNAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     ROWAN
                  




               
             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of March

, two pieces of timber, value 6s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Taylor
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  James 
                  Taylor
               



            ; and the other for 


               receiving one piece of timber, value 3s. parcel of the before-mentioned goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               



             sworn. - I am a carpenter and builder

, at Balam, in the parish of Streatham, in partnership with my brother, Edward; we lost the timber from Westminster



; I know nothing of it myself.


                  RICHARD 
                  BROCK
               



             sworn. - I am foreman to Messrs. Taylors: On the 17th of March, I had taken a piece of timber, seventeen feet long, to make a scaffold in Dartmouth-street, but finding I should not want it, I left one end on the brickwork, and the other in the cellar; the next morning, the watchman informed me he had detected a man in stealing timber; I went up directly, and missed it; I found another piece of timber in the possession of the landlord of the house, which I had not missed; one piece I can swear to; the other has no particular mark.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WADE
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman: On the 18th of March, I was calling the hour of two o'clock; I heard a great noise; I left my lanthorn in my box, and made to the noise; it was at the two Chairmen public-house, in Dartmouth-street; I saw the prisoner, Kernan, with a piece of timber on his shoulder; he is a supernumerary watchman in the same parish; I immediately sprung my rattle, and seized the prisoner; two men sprung out upon me, and rescued him; Hugh M'Duffey was the first that came up to my assistance; Kernan was rescued away into Patrick Rowan's house; I then went, and got more assistance, but they would not allow us admittance for the space of half an hour; they had got the prisoner concealed at the very top of the house; I was afraid to go up, for they broke the roof of the house down upon us; I took him three quarters of an hour afterwards in bed, in Rowan's house; I did not see Rowan.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. This was the night of St. Patrick's day? - A. Yes.
Q. That is a day upon which these fort of people generally make mercy? - A. Yes.

Q.The first time you saw Rowan, he was in his shirt? - A. Yes, he was.
Q. And rather drunk? - A. They were all very mercy.

HUGH
             M'DUFFEY sworn. - On the morning of the 18th of March, Wade sprung his rattle; I went to his assistance, and found him and two or three more engaged; I knew the prisoner, Kernan; the stoutest of the men laid hold of the prisoner, and a woman fastened on me behind, and they forcibly dragged him into Rowan's house; it is a private house; Rowan was then standing behind the door; I desired him to let me in; he told me, me, nor no one, should come in that night; he then forced the door too, and fastened it; we sprung our rattles at the end of Dartmouth-street, and the patrols came up; they ordered the doors to be opened, which was refused; I then took the woman to the watch-house that had assaulted me; I gave charge of her, and came back again; they had then got in; I dare say it was three quarters of an hour before they opened the door; the house was searched, but the prisoner was not found the first time; I was not present at the first search; we searched the second time, and found him in bed; the timber was taken to the watch-house; I cannot say who brought it out of the cellar.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You think you saw Rowan behind the door? - A. I am positive I saw him, and spoke to him.
Q. You did not tell him you was come to take a man for felony? - A. I told him he had been taking timber, and desired him to let me in.
Q. In the course of that three-quarters of an hour, he had time enough to have removed the timber? - A. No; there was always somebody at the door the whole of the time.(
               
                  Walter 
                  Cross
               



            , 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Timbrell
               



            , and Robert Fane, watchman and patrols, corroborated the testimony of M'Duffey.)(
               
                  Thomas 
                  Penny
               



            , a patrol, produced the timber, and deposed that be found it in the cellar of Rowan's house.)
Kernan's defence. I never was before Judge or Jury in my life before, nor would I now, but for this man; he often wanted me to go, and take wood, which I never did when I was in my sober senses.
The prisoner, Rowan, called 
               
                  Mary 
                  Colney
               



            , who deposed that she spent the evening at his house, and that they were all drunk. He also called five other witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Kernan, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Rowan, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
