





513. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN, alias 
CATCH ME IF YOU CAN





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of September
, a one-pound Bank-note
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wheatley
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WREATLEY
               



             sworn. - I am a tobacconist
, I live in Ratcliffe-highway


: On Friday, the 14th of September, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening. Richardson and Brown came into my shop; Richardson asked me if I could give him change for a two-pound note; I told him I could give him two ones, if that would do; I took them to be ship-mates; he said that would do; I put the two one-pound notes down on the counter, while Richardson was getting the two-pound note out of his protection-box; the prisoner reached over the counter, and took hold of one of the one-pound notes, and asked me if I could change the other; he immediately clasped it in his hand, and ran out of the shop; I immediately pursued him, and he was taken before he was out of my sight; when he was taken, he fell down in the kennel, and rubbed his hand in the kennel all about amongst the mud; the note was lost in the mud; I never saw any thing of them before.


                  GEORGE 
                  RICHARDSON
               



             (An African) sworn. - I follow the sea; I had been to the Court-office to draw some money, this man was standing at the door when I came out; he told me he was hungry; I pitied this poor man, I gave him a pot of beer and some bread and cheese, after that I called for another pint, and after that I went away; I was tired, I called a coach, and when I had told the coachman where I was going, he said he was going that way; I took him in the coach, I paid three shillings for him and me to ride; and then, after we came out of the coach, I came to Mr. Wheatley's, we went into the shop, I had a two pound note, I wanted Mr. Wheatley to change it; Mr. Wheatley put two one pound notes on the counter; while I was getting my two pound note out of my protection-box, this man snatched up one of the one pound notes in this manner: (describing bow), and ran out of the shop, and I ran out after him; I lost my protection by that man; he is a very bad fellow, he cannot be a good fellow; I never saw him before.


                  JOHN 
                  DUNBAR
               



             sworn. - I am a constable and beadle of St. George's in the East: I heard the cry of stop thief; I might be about thirty yards, when I heard it, from Mr. Wheatley's shop.
Q. Was he running then? - A. Yes; he made rather a slip, and I stopped him; he swore very much, he cut my eye while I was securing him, and struggled to get away from me; he d - d the country, and said that the French would come here, and that he should have a glorious slaughter; he said he had been fighting for his King and Country, and at Somerset-house they had been robbing him of his money.
Q. Did you see him do any thing in the kennel? - A. He put his hand in the kennel, and rubbed his righthand in the kennel; it is a strong dirty kennel.
Q. Had you ever seen him before? - A. No; I understood, by the jailer, that he had been in custody before.
Prisoner's defence. I was not in his shop at all, I was coming along the street; they cried out stop thief; I am innocent of the charge, they knocked me down, I asked them what was the matter, they said I had robbed him; they would not hearken to me, they said I was the thief; I said I was not, I was going to Deptford; I am a seafaring man, and have not a friend in the world.



               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
