





179. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL BROOKES 
                     OWEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of January
, one hundred pound weight of yarn, value 3 l. and two yards of canvas, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Griffith
               




            .
GEORGE RUSH. I live with Mr. Patrick, Feather-stone street, he is a rope-maker and twine spinner, I am his apprentice. On the 21st of January last, about half past seven o'clock in the morning, I was going up to our ground by the Shepherd and Shepherdess, I saw the prisoner; when I came up to him he asked me whether my master would buy any rope yarn of him, I said that I dare say my master would; he said that if I would come down with him to a little court he would shew it me. I went to this little court, there I saw it, wrapped up in a canvas cloth; it was in a wheelbarrow.
Q. Was there a large quantity of it. - A. Yes, there was one hundred and eleven pounds; he asked me when I could see my master, I said he could see him at nine o'clock. He brought it up to our ground, he left the yarn, I told my master of it, and I told him I thought it was stolen. He came up to the ground at nine o'clock; my master got an officer and had him taken up.
- PATRICK. I am a ropemaker, I live at No. 36, Featherstone street. About nine o'clock the prisoner came to me with my apprentice; my apprentice first spoke to me, and then the prisoner said he had some old rope ends to sell; afterwards I understood it was rope yarn. I asked him what he wanted for it, he said sixpence a pound. My apprentice said it was up in the ground. I asked the prisoner what quantity there was of it, he said about half a hundred weight. I asked him whether he was sure there was half a hundred weight, he said he was not quite certain, but whether there was or not, I should have it for half a guinea. He said the property belonged to his brother, but his brother was pressed, he had sent him a letter to dispose of his property.
Prisoner. I never said such a word about my brother at all.
Patrick. He said his brother worked in the King's yard, and he had an opportunity of coming out now and then, and of bringing out with him so and so, you know what, he said.
Q. Did you deal with him. - A. No, I went out for an officer, I told him I would meet him on the ground. I went to the ground, and while I was weighing the goods the officer was behind; he took him, and I delivered the goods to the officer.
PETER MASON. Mr. Patrick came to my house, I went with him. When we came near the ground, I sent Mr. Patrick there first, to see if the prisoner was there, I followed, I saw the rope yarn hanging on the steel-yard, the prisoner's back was towards me, he did not see me. Mr. Patrick weighed it, and told him it weighed one hundred and eleven pounds, he asked him what he wanted a pound for it, he said sixpence. Mr. Patrick asked him if he would not take less for it, he said no. He asked him where he lived, he said at Deptford, on board an India ship; he said he must have better account before he bought it. I said, may be he will tell me, I took him in custody. He told me he found it at New Cross, at the time that I apprehended him. I produce the yarn.
JOHN GRIFFITH. I am a twine spinner, I live in Well street, Mile End, New Town. I made this yarn for the East India company, I lost it on the 21st of January, it is marked yarn. I missed the yarn and the piece of canvas at seven o'clock in the morning. I am well convinced it is mine.
Q. What is the value of it. - A. Sixty-three shillings.
Prisoner's Defence. I never stole it at all from him, I got it from Deptford, near New Cross, I found it, and the canvas covered over it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
