





507. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BOWMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of June
, four hundred pounds weight of lead, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Page
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Fladgate
                        



                     
                  , fixed to a certain building
            .
And two other Counts, in like manner, only varying the manner of charging.
(The case was stated by Mr. Curwood.)


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Curwood. I live at the Fortune, in the Parish of Harrow: I am a labourer.
Q. Do you know the gothic summer-house in Mr. Page's ground? - A. Yes; at Burn-hill, in the parish of Harrow


.
Q. Who rents the farm? - A. Mr. Selby.
Q. Do you know of any lead being lost on the 16th of June last? - A. Yes; there were several pieces lost at different times; on the 16th, I searched the building all over, it had been a heavy rain in the morning; in the afternoon between one and three, I got out of the building; I followed the footsteps into the wood, and there I met with the prisoner, Bowman, at the bottom of the wood, I knew him, and he gave three whistles; there were two more men in the wood putting lead in the sacks, they climbed over the pails and got from me; I gave the prisoner into custody; I went and searched for the other men, I could not find them.
Q. Did you find any lead? - A. Yes, a large quantity; I dare say two or three hundred pounds weight of lead, we brought the lead down to the farm and locked it up.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. This seems to be a most unfortunate building - you did not see the prisoner in company with the other men, and they were the persons that had the lead in their possession, they were putting the lead into the sacks, he was not doing any thing with the lead; they ran away; you thought you had better take somebody than nobody to bring to your master? - A. He was the man that whistled when he saw me: there was no road there at all. I produce the lead.
Q. (To 
               
                  James 
                  Putman
               



            .) Is that the lead that you fitted to the summer-house? - A. Yes.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
