





233. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOUSE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of February
, an earthenware jug, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harrison
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Burn
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BURN
               



             sworn. - I keep a glass and Staffordshire warehouse
, in Barbican


: On Tuesday the 18th of February, my servant informed me that the prisoner at the bar had entered upon my premises, and took thereout a quart jug; I saw it taken from him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CHURCHYARD
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Burn: I was at work in the yard, in Barbican; I saw the prisoner come in and take something off a truck that stood there, and put it under his coat, and went out of the yard; I directly run after him, and caught hold of him, and asked him what business he had in the yard to take any thing out; he delivered the mug to me, and said a man had given it to him; there was no man in the place at the time but him; I took him into custody.


                  THOMAS 
                  OAKELL
               



             sworn. - I sell earthenware in the street, on a truck, my truck was in the yard; I came down stairs from over the way, and the man called me, and asked me if I had given a man a jug; I said I had not given a jug; I went to my truck, I had two jugs, and I missed one; he had took the man with the jug. (The jug was produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor).
Prisoner's defence. I was coming along last Tuesday in the afternoon, and was looking at the things, and asked a man what he asked for that; he said, sixpence; I told him it would do for my wife, and I gave him sixpence, and walked off; I was gone near five minutes, I don't know who the man was; there were people round the door that saw the man give me the pot.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 45.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
