






469. 
               
                  MARY 
                  KEEN
               




             and 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of April
, twenty-one yards of cotton, value 3l. 3s. the property of 
                     
                        Thomas-Perry 
                        Tuther
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HOLE
               



             sworn. - I am journeyman to Thomas-Perry Tuther, linen-draper
, No.59, Holborn-hill


; On Saturday the 25th of April, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, the two prisoners at the bar came into our shop, and asked me for some printed cotton; Keen came in first, followed by Clarke; Keen asked to look at some printed cotton; I asked her what price she would go to; she said, half-a-crown; there was a piece of ell-wide print lying that she seemed to fancy, and asked the price; I told her four shillings a yard; she seemed to turn it over for some time, and after wards returned to the other, at two shillings and eight-pence; I asked her how much she might want in quantity; she said six yards; I told her I would measure the piece over, there were eleven yards of it; I told her if she liked I would put in up at half-a crown a yard; upon that, she returned to the other piece, at four shillings, she seemed to like that very much; the prisoner, Clarke, them persuaded her to have that at half-a-crown; and after her persuation she agreed to have the seven yards; I them observed their two cloaks entangled together; I asked her what fort of lining she would have; I went on the other side of the shop to get a lining for her, and upon that, I saw the prisoner, clarke, walking out at the door; I immediately jumped over the counter, and tapped her on the shoulder, and told her I had a word to speak to her; I walked her into the shop before me, I let go her arm, and from under her cloak she dropped a whole piece of ell-wide print, containing twenty-one yards; and she dropped, at the same time, eleven yards and three quarters of yard-wide; she had a long brown cloak on, the prisoners, Keen, then came towards where the print lay, and put it upon the counter, and said, what the devil would you have more of the women than your propery; I threw it down upon the floor again; the then took it up again; a person in the shop immediately threw it on the floor again; it was with difficulty that I secured the prisoners; the patrols were sent for, they have the property; I know it to be Mr. Tuther's property by the private mark, L.A.
Q. Did you see neither of the prisoners take it at all? - A. No; I had a suspicion from seeing then cloaks entangled.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney(Counsel for Keen.)
Q. Keen certainly only looked at two articles, neither of which you missed? - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley.(Counsel for Clarke.)
Q. Had Clarke a child with her at the time? - A. Yes.
Q. She put the child upon the counter, did not she? - A.No.
Q. Have you never said that she put the child upon the counter, and that was the way she drew the print off the counter? - A. No; she had the child in her arms.
Q. Then, if she had her arms occupied with the child, as she has now, how could she have taken it? - A.I cannot say how that was.
Q. How many persons were serving in the shop? - A. One, besides Mr. Tuther.
Q. And neither of them are here? - A. No.
Q. Have you never said, that you believed it was more from accident that design that these things tumbled upon the ground? - A. No, never.
THOMAS ROBSON sworn. - I am apprentice to Mr. Tuther; I saw Mr. Hole jump over the counter, and go out at the door and bring the prisoner, Clarke, in; he brought her a little way into the shop, and opposite where I stood she dropped two quantities of print.


                  JOHN 
                  LACEY
               



             sworn. - I am a patrol belonging to St. Andrew's. (Produces two pieces of printed cotton).
Hole. It is a whole piece, it is marked at the two ends, it has never been cut.
Keen's defence. The gentlemen took me by the breast, and used me with the greatest violence.
The prisoner, Clarke, left her defence to her Counsel.
The prisoner, Clarke, Called three, and Keen two witnesses, who gave them a good character.
Keen, GUILTY, aged 32.
Clarke, GUILTY, aged 30.
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
