






239. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     GRAHAM
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     GRACE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Flinn
                        




                     
                   about the hour of eight at night on the 9th of April
, and burglariously stealing therein, a shirt, value 1 s. a cap, value 2 s. a pair of stays, value 3 s. six aprons, value 5 s. a cloak, value 2 s. four pair of shoes, value 2 s. a waistcoat, value 6 d. and a hare skin, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Flinn
                     



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FLINN
               



             sworn. I live at No. 7, Grey-court, Great Peter-street, Westminster


. On the 9th of April I went out of my house, I returned home in the afternoon with my goods, and put them under my window; at half after eight I had occasion to go into my yard, and when I returned I found my sash window open, and my bag and all my clothes gone, it might be rather better than a minute or two that I was gone.
Q. Your window was lifted up, what did you miss when you came back. - A. The property that was in the bag was one blue coat, one pair of stays, one shirt, one hare skin, one pair of old boots, six white aprons, five handkerchiefs, five pair of men's shoes, two petticoats, and there were four hats; I have not mentioned them all in the indictment.
Q. Have you seen any of these things yourself. - A. Yes, part of the property is in court.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  FLINN
               



             sworn. Q. Do you remember seeing either of the prisoners the day after your husband lost the things out of his house. - A. Yes, I had my daughter 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Richards
               



             with me; I saw 
               
                  Ann 
                  Grace
               



             in Strutton Ground, I followed her into the Park, there this man and four other men came up to her, I followed her into Church-court, St. Martin's-lane, then the man prisoner pulled out a pair of old boots from his apron, he went into an old shoe shop and offered them for sale, he asked twelve shillings for them; my daughter said, Oh, mother, they are my father's boots, I rather think the prisoners heard us, they all went away very quick together, I lost them, there are a great many passages leading into Round-court, I laid hold of the young woman, I told her I suspected she had some of my property, I called to a young man that was standing by, and asked him to tell me where an officer lived, he told me, I took the young woman back to the officer, with the things in her lap; the officer found the things in her lap.


                  CATHERINE 
                  RICHARDS
               



             sworn. Q. You are the daughter of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Flinn
               



            ; did you see the two prisoners go into the shop. - A. I saw the man (Graham) go in, he offered a pair of boots for twelve shillings, I said to my mother I suspected they were my father's property, seeing him with the boots it overcame me, I fainted away.


                  SAMUEL 
                  TAUNTON
               



             sworn. I took Graham in custody on the 10th of April last between nine and ten at night, in Old Pye-street, Westminster, he was in the street, I took him to Tothill Fields prison for that night, I went and searched his lodgings in company with Smith, No. 16, Duck-lane, we found nothing there; on the following morning we went to Tothil Fields prison, and hearing the prisoner Graham had changed a shirt with a prisoner there of the name of Parker, they were both in a cell together, I asked Parker his reason for changing with the prisoner Graham, Parker replied that the prisoner at the bar was to be treated with a breakfast for so doing; I asked Graham his motive for changinghis shirt with Parker, he told me that when they went to bed at night they pulled off their shirts, and on the following morning they put on each others shirt in a mistake; Parker pulled off Graham's shirt, I produce it.
- LOCKE sworn. I am a constable, I searched the prisoner Grace, I found these articles I produce. (The property identified by the prosecutor.)
Graham's Defence. I never saw the man in my life, nor where he lives, I do not know any thing about him; I happened of the boots in the night time, a wooden legged man gave me the boots, he said he could not wear them, he was an old pensioner like myself; the other things I found in a cart, I gave them to this young woman to carry, I did not know what was in them; going through the Park I met a young man that I knew, a shoemaker, I asked him to come with me, I went to a shop where I sell my boots and shoes, I said, my friend, if you will stop, we will have half a pint of beer together, I went into the shop, and asked the man if he would buy the boots, he would not buy them, he said they were not worth two pence, they were tore in the leg; I met with this young woman by accident, I know nothing of her, I gave her the things to carry.
Grace's Defence. This here man met me, and gave me these things to carry, I did not know what things were in the bundle.
GRAHAM - GUILTY, aged 38.




               Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
GRACE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
