





328. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 31 of March
, six silver tea spoons, value 18 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Ward
                  




               
            , widow
.
MARY WARD. Q. Are you a widow lady. - A. Yes.
Q. On the 31st of March, did you lose half a dozen tea spoons. - A. Yes, on that day I missed them towards the evening; I had seen them on the night of the 30th. I live at the Saracen's head, Snow-hill. The prisoner was kitchen maid
.
Q. She was sufficiently within the reach of taking these things if she was dishonestly disposed. - A. Yes; the waiter took them into the kitchen where she attended about her business; after missing of them I told the servants they must all take their oath, they all said they would,; I sent a servant to the pawnbrokers; she went to Mr. Hillier's and they were produced.
MR. HILLIER. I am a pawnbroker, No. 12, Smithfield bars. On the 31st of March, between four and five, in the afternoon; I took in half a dozen silver spoons of the prisoner. I am sure as to her person; I advanced her eight shillings on them, she said they were her own she lived in Gray's Inn home: she pledged them in the name of Stewart. Mrs. Ward has the spoons.
MRS. WARD. These are the spoons; I valued them at eighteen shillings; she confessed to me that she had taken them; when I asked her first if she know any thing of the spoons she said she did not, she would take her oath of it. I said I can tell you this, I have the spoons in my possession, it is in vain for you to deny it; she then told me that she did it to buy a gown; she lived with me about a fortnight last Tuesday.
Prisoner's Defence. I have got nothing to say, I leave it all with you.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
