





138. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WATKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of December
, a deal box, value 12d. a man's hat, value 2s. two razors, value 6d. two jackets, value 5s. four pair of trowsers, value 10s. four shirts, value 6s. one frock, value 2s. two pair of stockings, value 2s. four waistcoats, value 6s. and four metal thimbles, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Oliver 
                     Grey
                  




               
            .


                  DAVID 
                  LEVY
               



             sworn. - The property stolen belongs to Oliver Grey, a sailor
, who left word with me that I should send his box to his ship at Gravesend: On the 18th of December I sent this box to Mr. Minshaw's, the Dundee-arms, Wapping


, and four others, to go by the Gravesend boat; a little after I went down myself, and found one of the boxes missing; I was obliged to go down to settle with the sailor as well as I could; I did not knnow what was in the box; I sent him down other goods for them about four o'clock in the afternoon; I saw the same box again before the Justices at Shadwell, on the Saturday following, the 26th; I did not see it in the possession of the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  RILEY
               



             sworn. - I am a police-officer belonging to Shadwell: On the 19th of December I apprehended the prisoner on another charge; I went to his lodgings; he shewed me the box, and said it was his property; my brother officer has the box; I made enquiry at the Dundee-arms, and found there was a box of that description stolen from thence.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELBY
               



             sworn. - I am a constable belonging to the Police-office, Shadwell: Riley took the prisoner; I received the property from Riley, and have had it ever since. (Produces the box.)
Levy. It contains the property mentioned in the indictment; (repeating them;) here is a waistcoat that I can swear to, which I sold him; and the jacket and trowsers.
Prisoner's defence. That is my own box, and all my own property in it.
Levy. When the box was found, it had 
               
                  Oliver 
                  Grey
               



            's protection in it, in a pocket-book; and I begged the favour of the Magistrate to let me send it down to him, and he granted the favour; I sent it down to him; he was a black man, and a native of America.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
