







120. 
               
                  BARNET 
                  BENJAMIN
               




            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     METCALF
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SHEARING
                  , alias 
METCALF





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of November
 a box, value 1 s. six shirts, value 3 l. four handkerchiefs, value 4 s. five handkerchiefs, value 5 s. two towels, value 1 s. two pair of stockings, value 2 s. a night cap, value 6 d. and a table cloth, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Jeffrey Hart 
                           Bent
                        



                     
                  ; - five shirts, value 2 l. 10 s. four pair of stockings, value 4 s. and a table cloth, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ellis 
                     Bent
                  



               
            .
Second count the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Swain
                  



               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Gleed.


                  JONATHAN 
                  MILLER
               



            . Q. You are the butler belonging to Lincoln's-inn. - A. I am.
Q. On the 26th of November did you pack up any linen belonging to Mr. 
               
                  Ellis 
                  Bent
               



            . - A. I did; which linen I took to Mr. 
               
                  Jeffrey 
                  Hart
               



             Bent, about eight o'clock in the evening; Mr. 
               
                  Jeffrey 
                  Bent
               



             packed up some linen in the same box, and locked the box. I took the box to the Spotted Dog in the Strand; there I delivered it, and it was booked.
GEORGE LEDDIS. Q. You keep the Spotted Dog in the Strand. - A. I do.
Q. On the 26th of November did you receive a box from the last witness. - A. I did; I delivered it to Littlefield, he drives the Chertsey cart, about nine o'clock in the morning of the 27th.


                  RICHARD 
                  LITTLEFIELD
               



            . Q. You are a carter, you drive the Chertsey cart. - A. Yes.
Q. On the 27th of November did you receive a box from the last witness. - A. Yes; I put it in the cart, and drove the cart to the White Horse cellar. When I got there I took the box out of the cart to make room for a cask of liquor, and left it on the pavement; I went down the White Horse cellar for the cask; when I came up again the box was gone.
Q. What time did you get to the White Horse cellar. - A. About ten o'clock. I had taken the box frequently before; it was directed to 'squire Mosely.
PETER MASON. Q. You are an officer - on the 27th of November last, did you in company with Armstrong and Bishop, go to the house of Metcalfe. - A. I did; between eleven and twelve o'clock. We went to a house in Red Lion market, leading out of Whitecross-street into Golden-lane; Metcalfe acknowledged it was his house. Mr. Armstrong went in first; we went through the first room into the back room, and there Metcalfe, the woman, and Benjamin, the three prisoners, were all standing in that back room, and a quantity of linen was laying in the middle of the floor. Armstrong asked who the linen belonged to; they all denied it belonged to them. Mr. Armstrong said as there were none of them that owned it, he would take and see if he could find an owner. Bishop, I believe, found something in the bed; we took them and the linen to the office.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . Q. You are an officer - you have heard what Mason said. - A. Yes; I shewed every article to each of the prisoners; they all denied it being theirs. Benjamin said he had not bought them. I found a shirt in the bedding.


                  DANIEL 
                  BISHOP
               



            . Q. You are an officer. - A. Yes; I went with Mason and Armstrong. On searching the back room where the prisoners stood, I found these two shirts hanging over a chair by the fire; I found a shirt and neck handkerchief; I then held them up, and asked the prisoners separate if they belonged to them; they all denied it.
(The property produced and identified.)
John Metcalfe's Defence. On Friday morning, when I went out, my wife was out on an errand; when I returned I found these things had been left by two men, the girl told me, for Mr. Benjamin.
Shearing's Defence. I went out to pledge a watch on Friday; I was out two hours. When I came home the girl told me there had been two men, and they had left the linen for Mr. Benjamin; she said she did not know them.
Court. Some of them were left in the bed, you know's the men would not have left them in the bed.
Benjamin's Defence. The girl fetched me to look at the things; I was looking at them when Mr. Armstrong came in. I was sent for to go and look at them, and it any body sends for me I am to go.
METCALFE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 55.
SHEARING, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.
BENJAMIN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
