





507. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BOLTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of April
, a copper, value 15s. belonging to 
                     
                        James 
                        Black
                     




                  , fixed to a certain building of his, called a house
            .
Second Count. Fixed to a certain building.
WILLIAM RUTHERFORD sworn. - Q. Do you know the house of Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Black
               



            , Charlotte-street, Rathbone-place


? - A. Yes: On Saturday the 30th of April, I saw the house; there were two coppers in the back kitchen fixed in the building; I saw them safe about half after six on Saturday evening; it is a house undergoing repairs; nobody lives in it; I left the house at half after six, and double-locked the door, and took the key with me; I returned about eight in the evening, and found the door on the single lock; going into the passage, I saw the back door open; I looked into the yard, and saw the shutters of the back kitchen window put back
Q.At this time it was dark? - A. Not quite; I immediately went down into the kitchen, and found one copper taken out of the place in which it was set on the floor, immediately after I heard some noise at the foot of the stairs, and turning about I saw two men going up the kitchen stairs, the prisoner and another man.
Q. Are you quite sure one was the prisoner? - A.Quite sure.
Q.Had he been employed as a workman in the house? - A. He had not; I went up, and caught them on the kitchen stairs; I caught the prisoner as he ran up stairs, and conveyed him to the door till assistance came; the other got away.
Q.When you unlocked the single lock, did you shut the door after you, or leave it open? - A. It was left open.
Q.When you first saw them, they were coming up from the kitchen? - A. Yes.
Q.Then they could not have come in after you? - A. No, they must have come in before me.
Q. You did not see any instruments in their hands? - A. No.

Q.Nor in the kitchen? - A. No; the prisoner was taken to St. Pancras watch-house; he was searched, and two parlour-door keys found upon him, and a knife; I believe that was all.
Q.No key large enough to open the street-door? - A.No; there was a key picked up in the street.
Q. You are sure the men that ran up from the kitchen must have been in the house before you came in? - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. The house was under repair? - A. Yes.
Q.There were workmen employed? - A. Yes.
Q. Had not they received orders to remove the coppers? - A.They had not.


                  JAMES 
                  BLACK
               



             sworn. - I am owner of the house where these coppers were.
Q.When did you last see this copper? - A.About six o'clock; it was fixed. I and the last witness left the house together; I saw him doublelock the door; I am certain we left nobody in the house; I did not return till about nine o'clock in the evening; then I saw the copper on the kitchen-floor. (The copper was produced and identified by the prosecutor.)
Prosecutor. We fitted it into the place; it corresponded with all the marks.
Prisoner's defence. I have nothing to say; he took only two shillings and a knife out of my pocket; there were no keys taken out of my pocket.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
