





604. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  , alias 
                     
SOLOMON ROBUS




            , was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John-Edward 
                        Lawson
                     




                  , about the hour of twelve in the night of the 17th of June
, and burglariously stealing five watch chains, value 6s. seven watch keys, value 1s. 6d. five rings, value 6d. and four watch hooks, value 6d.
             the property of the said John.
JOHN-
               
                  EDWARD 
                  LAWSON
               



             sworn. - I am a watch and clock-maker
, at No. 58, Bishopsgate-street Within


: On the 17 th of June my house was broke open; a little after ten o'clock in the evenning, the prisoner came to my house for some watch papers; I told him I did not sell them; he then asked for watch-strings; I told him it was too late, he must call again in the morning; then he went away; I had seen every thing secure at half past nine o'clock; I was alarmed by the watchman a little before one; I went down in my shirt, and found the shop-window broke open, and the articles mentioned in the indictment taken out; they were safe in the tray the night before.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Are you sure you had sold no goods out of the tray the day before? - A. I had not; the goods are remarkable; some of them are damaged.
Q. Does anybody else serve in your shop? - A. Yes, the boy; he is here.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAPWELL
               



             sworn. - On the 18th of June, about a quarter past three in the morning, I was coming down Sun-street, into Bishopsgate-street; I saw three young men together talking; when they saw me, one of them ran away towards Shoreditch-church; I followed the other two, one went down Houndsditch, and the prisoner towards Cornhill; I asked him where he was going; he said he was going to Billingsgate, on board a Gravelend boat; I then took him over to Bishopslgate watch-house, and searched him; I found upon him all the articles mentioned in the indictment,(produces them); he said he dealt in hardware, and that he had received them from Birmingham; the next morning Mr. Lawson claimed them.(
               
                  Henry 
                  Lewis
               



             corroborated the audience of Mr. Lawson, with respect to the prisoner asking for watch papers, and watch strings.)
ROBERT SELL sworn. - I am a watchman; I found the prosecutor's shop-window broke open a little before one o'clock, and gave an alarm; the middle shutter had been raised by a Dutch clinker.)(The property was identified by the prosecutor.) Prisoner's defence. I was going to Billingsgate; I travel the country with hardware; I bought these things at Birmingham. GUILTY.
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
