





374. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BRYANT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of May
, four coats, value 6 l. a pair of pantaloons, value 1 s. a hat, value 12 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           White
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WHITE
               



             sworn. I am a publican
, I keep the King's Arms, Coal-yard, Drury-lane


, I was only keeping the house open for the brewer, I paid no rent, nor taxes. On the afternoon prior to the robbery the prisoner, about one or two o'clock, applied to me for a lodging, I let him one, he said he should want to go out at four o'clock in the morning, I shewed him the way to unfasten the door, at a little before ten when he came home, then I let him to bed; the next morning, a little before four o'clock, I heard him go out, I had no other person in the house but himself; I had that afternoon taken the clothes out of the box to brush them, and I had left some of them in the parlour, my wife came down first in the morning and missed the coats, she came and told me, and when I came down I found they were gone.
Q. How many coats did you miss. - A. Three under coats, a great coat, a hat, and a pair of pantaloons, all my own.
Q. Did the man come back again to pay for his lodging. - A. No, he was taken at the Yorkshire Grey, in Eagle-street, and I saw him in prison on the fourth of June, he had then got my pantaloons on, he told me in prison where he had pawned my clothes, the officer heard him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



             sworn. I am an officer I apprehended the prisoner, at the Yorkshire Grey, in Eagle-street, on the 3d of June, he had the prosecutor's pantaloons on; (I produce the property,) I went to the different pawnbrokers; the prisoner at the bar told the prosecutor in my presence where they were pledged.


                  HENRY 
                  FLEMING
               



             sworn. Q. Is that your ticket. - A. Yes, this coat was pawned with me by the prisoner at the bar, I have a perfect recollection of his person, it was pawned on the 31st of May; on the 29th of May another coat was pawned in his name, I do not exactly recollect the pledging of this, I suppose he pledged it.
- sworn. I am a shopman to Mr. Davidson, pawnbroker, Skinner-street; to the best of my knowledge the prisoner at the bar pawned a great coat and a hat at our shop, I remember his bringing the hat, the hat he brought on the 30th, and the coat on the 29th of May.


                  ANN 
                  WHITE
               



             sworn. I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  White
               



            ; when I came down in the morning I missed four coats and a pair of pantaloons; I heard the prisoner go out before five o'clock in the morning, I had seen the things on the overnight.
(The property produced and identified by the prosecutor)
Prisoner's Defence. I resign it up to the court altogether.
GUILTY, aged 47.
Of 


               stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
