






551. 
               
                  
                     LOUIS 
                     BERNARDI
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BERNARDI
                  




               
            , his wife
, were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of October
, twenty shirts, value 4 l. 13 s. forty handkerchiefs, value 2 l. 4 s. sixteen napkins, value 16 s. a bed-gown, value 4 s. five shirts, value 16 s. five towels, value 5 s. a pillow-case, value 2 s. and a pair of shoes, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        Louis-Ann 
                        Caesar
                     




                  , Count North
, in his dwelling-house
            .
THE COUNTESS NORTH sworn. - Q. What country do you come from? - A. France; my husband and I have been naturalized in England; his name is Louis-Ann Caesar; we had a house first in Park-lane, then in Manchester-street, and now in Beaumont-street, where we have lived about fifteen months: I lost things at each of these places, but did not perceive I was robbed, till I lived in Manchester-street


, when I missed some napkins and some small things; I missed the shirts in Beaumont-street


; in all, I missed shirts, shifts, napkins, laces, and pocket handkerchiefs; no persons lived in the houses but Count North and myself, and five servants, two of whom were the prisoners.
Q. Who had the care of your linen at the different places? - A. Myself; I had the key in my pocket; it was kept in a closet in our bed-room.
Q. Who went to the closet beside yourself? - A. Nobody; if any one went to fetch linen for use I went with them; I have seen part since at Bow-street; the prisoners were discharged before it was found.
Q. The man was not entrusted with the care of the linen? - A. No; we found false keys in their room after they were discharged, that would open three closets; I found the key of the closet in one of the closets in their own room; the locks in our bed-room, and the locks where the linen was, were entirely spoiled; I could not open them.
Q. You mean the house in Beaumont-street? - A. Yes.
- ADKINS sworn. - I am an Officer of Bow-street: On the 2d of October the Countess came to Bow-street to give information; I went with her to her house in Beaumont-street; I suspected the servants that had been discharged; I had a list of the things that were lost; I went to Mr. Ensor's, the nearest pawnbroker, and found a shirt, a shift, and some lace; I went the next morning and found the prisoners in North-street, just at the back of the pawnbroker's; they lodged in the garret; I searched the woman and found a number of duplicates, the man was present, they were not duplicates of the things at Mr. Ensor's, I told her it would save a great deal of trouble if she would tell me where the others were; she fainted away, and when she came to herself she went to the window, threw up the sash, and, from a hole in the window-case, she took out a paper with thirty-one duplicates (produces them), all of them Mr. Ensor's; I found duplicates in her pocket which led to some articles in Long-acre and Drury-lane.
DANIEL M'CARTHY sworn. - (Produces the property.) - I am servant to Mr. Ensor, High-street, Mary-le-Bone; I know the woman prisoner; she has pawned a great number of articles at our shop; the first was in April last and the last in September, all in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Brookes
               



            ; she said she lived at No. 8, Beaumont-street; that is where the Count lives; she at first told me they were left to her husband by a gentleman that she lived with; I have known her some years.
Q. The highest sum you lent at any one time was about 15 s.? - A. That is the highest. (The property identified by the prosecutrix, and by 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Caddick
               



            , her servant.)
- PICKERING sworn. - I was with Adkins when he apprehended the prisoners; I went to examine the locks, and found the keys would only unlock the doors, and would not come out; they had been strained; the locks below were in the same situation.
Prisoner Mary. My husband is innocent.
The prisoner Louis was not called upon for his defence.


                  Mary 
                  Bernardi
               



            , GUILTY, aged 28,
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .


                  Louis 
                  Bernardi
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
