





388. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of June
, one silver watch, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Hawthorntwaite
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  HAWTHORNTWAITE
               



             sworn. - The prisoner at the bar took my watch from me on the 30th of June, the watchman was going eleven o'clock; I was going up Dyot-street


; she accosted me, and asked me if I would go home with her; I told her I had no time, nor no money; she walked up the street a little way with me, and said that I might have some money, if it was only sixpence; I told her I had no small change, I had a pound note; she told me I could get it changed at the public-house; all the time she had hold of me, and in not more than one minute she took hold of the watch, and drew it out of my pocket, it was a silver watch; I followed her directly, and took hold of her; I had a box under my right arm; the moment I took hold of her, she gave the watch to another woman; the other woman ran off with the watch.
Q. What did you do down Dyot-street at that time of the night? - A. It was my nearest way to Bond-street; I always used to go up Plumbtree-street, but being night I took the wrong street.


                  SARAH 
                  COOPER
               



             sworn. - I had been of an errand; I met with this man coming down Dyot-street; the prisoner and the man were tustling together; as I came close up, she said, loose me; no, said he, you are the girl that robbed me, you have got my watch, and I will not let you go till I have got my watch; she called a girl by the name of Nancy; she came, and she gave the watch to her out of her hand; she ran away as hard as she could.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  NUNN
               



             sworn. - I was coming down the same street; the prisoner ran to me with the watch, and strove to put it in my bosom; when she found my handkerchief was pinned, that she could not put it down my bosom, she hid herself behind my back; she was quite a stranger to me; I had a bundle in my arm, and a child; the man took her from behind me; I can swear to her; we were under a lamp, and I saw her by the watchman's lantern.
- sworn. - I am a watchman; she gave the watch away before she was given into my charge.
Prisoner's defence. The man said he was going; he was under the gateway along with two girls; he laid hold of me, and said, would I go down a little way with him; he went down with me; he laid hold of me again, and said I had got his watch; I did not run away from him.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
