





653. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     VINCENT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 11th of July
, was servant
 to 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Maberly
                        




                     
                  , and was employed and entrusted by him to receive money for him, did take into his possession a banker's draft for 42 l. 16 s. 6 d. and a banker's draft for 25 l. for and on account of his said master, that he afterwards fraudulently did secrete, embezzle, and steal the same
            . And
Two other counts for like offence, only varying the manner of charging them.
The case was stated by Mr. Const.


                  EDWARD 
                  WARD
               



            . Q. You are in the employment of Mr. Maberly, Welbeck Street. - A. Yes, he is a coach-maker
, I am clerk to him. The prisoner was a porter
 there. On Saturday, the 11th of July, I received two checks on account of my employer on the bankers. I gave them to the prisoner, one was a draft on the house of Ferrol and Co. for 42 l. 16 s. 6 d. the other on Robarts and Co. for 25 l. I desired him to go to the banking houses and receive the money, and return with it to me. He took the drafts and went, and I saw no more of him till Sunday the 19th of July, then I saw him with the officer at Oxford; the officer who took him gave me to the amount of 32 l. 6 s. On my return to town I discovered that he had a watch, which I took form him.
Q. Had he a watch before. - A. No, I do not know that he had. I have the drafts that I gave him; these are them.


                  ANTHONY 
                  WADE
               



            . Q. You are one of the clerks at the house of Roberts and Co. - A. I am.
Q. Do you remember, on the 11th of July last, paying a draft of 25 l. - A. I do, I paid this check on that afternoon. I do not know the prisoner. I paid it in a 20 l. note, and a 5 l. note.


                  LEWIS 
                  MILLER
               



            . Q. You live with the other bankers. - A. Yes; I paid this draft on the 11th of July, 42 l. 16 s. 6 d. I do not recollect the person I paid it to: I believe I paid it in small notes and money.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  CROMWELL
               



            . I live at No. 5, Union Street, Middlesex Hospital. On the 11th of July, near dusk, me and another young woman stood at the door; she asked him if he would walk in, he came into her apartment; he sent her servant out with a shilling to get something to drink. After that he went into my apartment; he gave me a 20 l. note for myself, he sent it out by my servant to get it changed, she brought in the change, I told her to give them to the gentleman, he told her to give them to me, and told me to lock them up, that I might not lose them; he staid with me that evening. On Sunday morning he and I, and a Miss Row, rid in a one horse chaise to Brentford; he staid with me that evening when he came home.
Q. How soon did you set off for Oxford. - A. On the Tuesday morning. My friends live there. We went in a one horse chaise; we got to Oxford on the Wednesday, he was taken on the Sunday.
Q. Who paid your expences to Oxford. - A. The prisoner. The officer asked me if I had any property, I said yes, it was at my mother's house, and I would fetch it. I went to my mother, she lives at Oxford, I fetched him 15 l. I told him I had laid out 5 l. I told the officer I did not know it was not his own money.
Prisoner's defence. I am friendless: every thing is clear against me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
