





354. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HILL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of May
, one single horse-chaise harness, value 27 s. and one bucket, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Simpson
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SIMPSON
               



             sworn. - I am a coachmaker
; I live in Little James-street, Bedford-row


: On the 1st of May, I employed the prisoner as a labourer
; after which time I missed several things out of the shop; when the prisoner came to me, I asked him where he lived; he said, in the Horse and Groom yard, Holborn. After missing these things, I had a strong suspicion of him, and I went to enquire whether he lived there; I found it to be a false direction, and on Tuesday last I sent a man to watch him home at dinner-time; he watched him into a court in Turnmill-street. In the afternoon I sent for an officer, and had him taken up; he was examined the same evening, and the things were found between the two examinations; the harness was found at Mr. Smith's, a sadler, in Long-lane, West Smithfield, and the pail was found at his lodging.
- SMITH sworn. - I live in Long-lane, West Smithfield; I am a sadler: 
               
                  John 
                  Hodge
               



            , broker, of Mutton-hill, called on me, and told me he had a harness to sell; he asked me to come, and look at it; I went, and he asked me a guinea and a half; I told him I could not afford any more than twenty-five shillings; I went again, and then I saw his wife; she said, let us try if you and I can deal; I bought it of her at twenty-seven shillings.


                  MARY 
                  HODGE
               



             sworn. - My husband is a broker, and lives in Vine-street, Mutton-hill: This very day week the prisoner came to me about three o'clock in the afternoon; he asked me to buy a harness of him; he left it with me for my husband to see it, and I bought it the next morning by my husband's orders; he told me he was a groom to a gentleman, and had lived with him seven years, and that the gentleman had bought a new harness, and gave him the old one; I gave one pound for it, and my husband gave him something to drink, which made it up a guinea.


                  GEORGE 
                  WOOD
               



             sworn. - On Tuesday, I took the prisoner into custody; he lodged with a girl of the town in a court in Turnmill-street; I searched his lodgings, and found a water-bucket belonging to the prosecutor.
(The articles produced and identified.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
