





536. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     REED
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of June
, a watch, value 2 l. a watch key, value 3 d. and a pair of shoes, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Davey
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  DAVEY
               



            . I live at No. 4, New-court, Fore-street, Cripplegate


; I rent the whole house.
Q. Did you at any time lose a watch and a key and a pair of shoes - A. Yes. On the 12th of this month; I was not at home at the time they were taken. The shoes was in the room where he slept, and the watch was in the room where my wife slept.
Q. Did the prisoner lodge in your house - A. Yes; he took the lodging on Saturday the 10th in the morning, and came in the evening, about half after eleven o'clock. He took it by the week.
Q. When was the last time that you had seen the watch - A. I wound the watch up before his face, and lay it on the mantle piece.
Q. Did you both use the same sitting room - A. Yes; at the time I wound up the watch.
Q. What time did you leave the house on the Monday morning - A. I told him I should leave the house about three o'clock; when I got up I heard the chimes go a quarter after three; he was awake, he asked the time; I said a little after three. I went down stairs and called my wife up; she let me in; I told her not to lock the door, I should be back in about an hour and a half; I returned about a quarter before five; I went to feed my birds before I went to the warehouse. In consequence of what my wife said I found my watch was gone.
Q. Was the prisoner gone too - A. He was gone.
Q. When had you seen the shoes - A. I had seen them on the Sunday morning. He said have you a shoemaker here; I said no, they have been hanging there three months; he took them off the nail and said they would fit him.
Q. Perhaps he might have taken them away on the Sunday - A. No; they were in the room on Sunday morning; on Monday morning they were taken away, I had seen them on Sunday afternoon at four o'clock, I did not notice them when I went to bed.
Q. When did you see the prisoner again - A. On Wednesday, about seven o'clock, I then said to him, Reed, you thief, you are the man that I have been looking for ever since Monday morning. He never returned, nor had I sight of him till I took him, and then he turned as white as ashes; he did not say a word. I told him what he had stole; he did not deny it.
Q. Did you ever get your watch or your shoes - A. No. I had another lodger that slept in the room where I did, he has been with me two years; I never lost a halfpennyworth by him; he lives with me now.


                  ANN 
                  DAVEY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Davey
               



            .
Q. How lately had you seen the shoes - A. On Sunday afternoon, when I went up to make the bed, it was later than four o'clock. They were new shoes.
Q. Do you know whether the watch was safe when your husband left the house on Monday morning - A. Yes; I heard it tick; the watch was kept in the room where I slept; it lay on the mantle piece. My husband went out about three, he left my door open; 
               
                  John 
                  Reed
               



             came down stairs in about five minutes after my husband went out; he opened the door and came in; he asked me if I was asleep, I answered him, no, I was not; he asked me for the bottle that he had left there the over night; he had left a bottle of gin and peppermint there the over night; I told him where it was, and the glass was close by the watch; then he went out and shut the door after him; I missed the watch directly Reed went out of the room. I did not hear it tick.
Q. Did you know that he was going out any where that day - A. He said he was going out at five o'clock to get his box, he asked me what time I should get the breakfast ready; I told him at nine o'clock. I never saw him till Wednesday morning when he was taken up.
Q. What sort of a watch was it - A. A silver watch.
- PAGE. I appprehended this man upon Davey's charge; I searched him, I found no property about him.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing at all what they accuse me about; I am as innocent as a child unborn.
GUILTY, aged 50.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty nine shillings only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
