





491. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WOOD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Michael 
                           Myers
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of twelve in the night of the 10th of May
, and burglariously stealing a shawl, value 3s. a half-guinea, two seven-shilling pieces, a half-crown, and two shillings
            , the property of the said Michael.
MICHAEL MYERS sworn. - I am a fishmonger
, I lodge in the house; there are other lodgers in the house, besides myself, and a common stair-case to all the apartments; my bed-room was broke open; I have all the ground-floor intitely; I went to bed from ten minutes to half an hour after ten; I awoke a little after twelve, I then found myself very much alarmed, seeing my light was out, which was not customary; I laid awake, and thought I heard somebody in the room; I heard a rustling upon the carpet; I called to know if any body was there; I hearkened, and heard somebody on a chair by my bed-side; I then conveyed my hand out of bed, and felt for my clothes where my money was kept, to go to market with the next morning; I put my hand out, and felt the prisoner at the bar with his knee upon the bed clothes, upon my breast, but not closely compressed; I then made the best resistance I could; I put one leg out of bed as gently as I could, and kept my hold of the man by his clothes, he did not feel me; I then put my other leg out of bed, and then I touched the ground with both my feet; I then jumped out of bed, and caught hold of him by the neckcloth; I then said, I have got you, you have got my money; I think he said, that is what I want; he then said, you b-r let loose, or else I'll cut your bowels out; I then said, you may cut my bowels out, I never shall leave you, for I am sure you have got my owner's money; I then found him cutting me; he immediately put a knife in me here, (describing it); I told him, for God's sake, don't murder me, for I have got a young family; he told me, he would soon do for my family, as well as for me; I then told him, you shall not do for my family, for you shall do for me alone; I immediately got into a scuffle with him, and struck him, and he struck me; at last he got me on the ground, after very hard blows both from him and me; I tried to break his breeches down behind, that he might not make his escape, but I could not do it; I then caught hold of his collar and the top of his waistcoat, that he might not get away from me while I recovered myself, and I tore half his waistcoat off in my hand, (produces it); he then wanted to make away to the window, I did not know then that he had got in at the window; I tried to get hold of his hair in front, and he had none; I then got hold of his haif behind, and his hair ribbon came off in my hand; he then had another scuffle with me about the room, and at last cut my legs with a knife that would not cut hardly at all; he told me he would ham-string me; then he got from me, and got to the window, and jumped out; then I jumped out after him; there was a little chaise, a single horse chaise, stood under the window; he was very powerful; he took up the chaise with one hand, and threw it down again upon my feet; then I crept under the chaise, and he ran between the wheel of the chaise and the gateway; then I ran after him about three yards, or two yards; he then came back to me, and said, you b-r, are you not satisfied now; I then told him I should not be satisfied till the watchman had got hold of him; he then struck me a blow across my shins very hard; then I halloed out, murder, I have been robbed; he ran away, and I ran after him; I never was three yards from him all the way, till the watchman had got him by the collar; I then ran home to see if there was any body else in the room, I was then almost naked, for my shirt had been cut to pieces; I looked for the coat that I had put my money in that I was to pay away the next morning.
Q. Was it your own money? - A. No.
Q. Were you liable to make it good? - A. Yes, every penny of it; I found it, where I left it, in my great coat pocket; I missed every shilling of my own money out of my waistcoat inside pocket; my waistcoat laid in the chair upon the coat; there was a half-guinea, two seven-shilling pieces, a half-crown, and two shillings; the half-crown and two shillings I described to the people at the watch-house.
Q. Do you know this man got in? - A. When I went to bed, I always made it a rule to feel the windows whether they were pinned down; I did that night, and looked under the bed likewise, the same as I do every night.
Q.Was there any appearance of violence? - A. The iron bolt of the window shutter was wrenched away, but I did not look to see till three hours after.
Q.Was any part of the window broke? - A. No.
Q. Did he open the window to jump out? - A. No, it was ready open.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You keep a fishmonger's shop, do not you? - A. No, I have no shop.
Q. You don't carry on your business in the place where you lodge? - A. I carry on a great deal ofwholesale business there; I am servant to James Collins, a fishmonger; I know that is what you wish to know of me.
Q. I believe there is a servant belonging to the proprietor of the house that sleeps there? - A. There is a servant belonging to the properietor of the house that looks after the horses, sleeps in the stable; his master locks him in every night, but the stable does not touch the house.
Q. Are these stables connected with the house by any wall? - A. There is a wall.
- ILBURY sworn. - I am a watchman: I tried Mr. Myers's shutters at eleven o'clock, and found them fast, as usual; I was calling the hour of half after twelve, when I heard the alarm of stop him, stop him, several times, and after that, stop thief; I ran out of my box, and saw the prisoner running without a hat as hard as he could run, and his waistcoat flying open; he ran from the gate-way that leads from Mr. Myers's house; the said, here, here, by which means he passed me; I ran after him, and brought him back to Mr. Myers, he gave me charge of him; I delivered him into the hands of the constable of the night, and left him; in returning back to my duty about a quarter of an hour after, looking with my lantern, Mrs. Myers and two other persons were with me, I observed, as I thought, a bit of brown paper exactly in the line where the prisoner had past, but, upon looking at it, it was a shawl, which Mrs. Myers said was her's; Mrs. Myers picked it up.
Cross-examined by Mr. Hart. Q. When you stopped him, how far was Myers off? - A. I don't know, I was looking after the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  BARBER
               



             sworn. - I am constable of Portfoken Ward: The prisoner was brought in by the watchman, I was constable of the night; I ordered him to be searched; I found a half-guinea, a seven-shilling piece, three sixpences, and one shilling, in his fob, inclosed in a bit of whitedbrown paper, and twelve shillings in silver, in a half-crown, shillings, and sixpences, about his breeches; here is a piece of a waistcoat that I took from the prisoner, the piece the prosecutor has produced, came off it, and here is a knife that I took out of his waistcoat pocket, (producing it;) here is a shawl that was brought to me by Mrs. Myers, (producing it); I also found a bill of parcels for some boots.


                  JOHN 
                  WATTS
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman; in the prisoner's waistcoat-pocket, I found the knife that has been produced by the last witness.
FRANCIS KINNERSLEY sworn. - I am patrole of the Ward of Portsoken; I was present when the prisoner was searched; I afterwards found this hat in Myers's room, the prisoner said it was his.(Produces it.)
- ISAACS sworn. - I live in the same house with Mr. Myers; I heard a noise and I ran down stairs; I heard them say, we have got him; I saw the watchman had hold of him by the collar as he was going to the watch-house; I saw him take some money out of his mouth, and some out of his pocket, and put it inside of his breeches, the money dropped out of his knees; I then went away.
LEAH MYERS sworn. - I can swear to this handkerchief, there is not such another in London, it was given me by a gentleman, who is a printer, and it would not take the print, it is joined in several places; I am sure it is mine.
Prosecutor. This bill is for two pair of boots of mine that came home the morning before; here are two shillings and a half-crown that I can speak to; I am sure I had them in my pocket; the half-crown had been refused a great many times.
Prisoner's defence. When I was taken to the watch-house, the prosecutor said, I had got his money; he told the officer of the night I had cut his leg, and the officer looked at it, and said, it was no cut, it was a bruise; I said it was very improper that the prosecutor should see my money, but that he should describe the marks upon it, and the constable of the night directly shewed him my money, and then he swore to the marks.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY of stealing the goods, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
