





439. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DOVE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of June
, a box, value 1 s. five gowns, value 10 s. two petticoats, value 2 s. a skirt, value 6 d. a frock, value 6 d. a great coat, value 6 d. two bonnets, value 6 d. a silver spoon, value 4 s. two razors, value 1 s. eighty-seven penny pieces, 204 halfpence, and fifteen farthings
            , the property of 

               
                  
                     William 
                     Tunnicliffe
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  TUNNICLIFFE
               



             sworn. - I am a periwig-maker
, I live at Lambeth


; I lost this box from my house at Lambeth, on the 18th of June; the prisoner is an apprentice
 of mine.
Q. How long has he served you? - A. He has got fourteen months to serve, he was a turn-over to me, he had been with me about eleven months; about five o'clock in the afternoon he asked me to let him go down stairs to fetch a pair of bellows up to blow the fire in the shop; I told him, no, he should not go down stairs; in the course of a quarter of an hour after that I missed him.
Q. Why did you not let him go down stairs? - A. I did not like him to go down into the kitchen by himself; I looked in the shop, and found his two hats, he had gone out without a hat; I went down stairs, I did not miss any thing; I did not miss the box till my wife came home; he took two razors with him that were not in the box; his indentures were in the box; they were taken out of his breeches pocket when he was taken prisoner.
Q. Have you seen any of your property since? - A. Two gowns; the pawnbroker has got them; I found one razor out of the two.


                  SARAH 
                  TUNNICLIFFE
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of the last witness: On the 18th of June, I went out between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, and returned about seven; when I went out, I leftthe box locked, and put it under the bed again, where I took it from; I had taken this petticoat out of the box that I have now on, before I went out.
Q. What did it contain? - A. It contained five gowns, one quilted silk petticoat, one dimity petticoat, one table spoon, one little bag of George the First's halfpence, and a great many twopenny and penny pieces, and new halfpence; when I came home they were all gone.


                  THOMAS 
                  COTTERILL
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, I live in Shoe-lane: On the 19th of June the prisoner brought two gowns to my house to pledge, saying that they were his mother's; he pawned them in the name of Pearson, he said that was his mother's name; I lent him ten shillings on them; at the time he pawned them I took such a particular description of the person, that I know he is the same person that pawned these gowns with me; I produce the gowns.


                  GEORGE 
                  GARDNER
               



             sworn. - I am a patrol belonging to Bow-street: On the 26th of June, I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody, at the King's Arms, in the Kent road; I found a razor in his left hand pocket; while I was searching of him, he gave his master's indenture out of his right hand waistcoat pocket; I found a great quantity of copper in his pocket, and in the bundle; before Mr. Graham he owned that he took them from his master's box; I produce sixteen shillings and three farthings in halfpence and farthings, which I took from him, and two old table-cloths, four pair of stockings, half a bottle of port, and half a bottle of rum; I could not find the owner of them. (The gowns identified by the prosecutrix, and the razor identified by the prosecutor.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
