





706. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  EAST, alias 
                        
JOHN TOWNSHEND





             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of September
, six cakes of soap, value 18 s. twenty eight pounds weight of sugar, value 18 s. 6 d. and a silver tooth pick, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Fisher
                  




               
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Alley.


                  JOHN 
                  WAINWRIGHT
               



            . Q. You are an officer of the City - A. Yes.
Q. On the 24th of September, between eleven and twelve o'clock did you take the man at the bar in custody - A. I did; he had a bundle on his shoulder, and another on his arm; I asked him what he had got, I told him I was an officer, I must know what he had; he said he had got it, whatever it was, of a watermam and fireman, it was sugar; I asked him if there was any thing but sugar; he said there was not; I searched the bundle, I found it contained six cakes of soap; I asked him where he worked; he said he was out of employ, he got work where he could, he said he was a scavenger; I told him he did not look like a scavenger; he said then he worked at Hounslow; I asked him if he was not a servant to a grocer; he said he was not.


                  JOHN 
                  FISHER
               



            . Q. What are you - A. I am a grocer, and I live in Covent garden


; the prisoner lived with me as porter
, about ten months, he lived in my house; I missed that quantity of sugar; there was two quarters of sugar, directed to Mr. Burgoyne; I missed one of them.
Q. Do you believe that soap was taken from your house - A. I do, because I had a sample of it at home; on Friday it came in, it was new soap; I was going to send it back again; I found that quantity missing.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. As to the soap you have the soap from the soap makers - you had not the whole of this boiling - A. I had five hundred weight.

The prisoner left his defence to his counsel; called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
