





675. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Biggs
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of twelve, on the 22d of June
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein nine sacks, value 1 l. 16 s. and forty-five bushels of flour, value 45 l.
             the property of the said 
               
                  Richard 
                  Biggs
               



            .


                  RICHARD 
                  BIGGS
               



             sworn. - Q. Where do you live? - A. At Hillingdon


, I am a miller
; I lost nine sacks of flour; they were taken from my mill.
Q. How is your mill situated? - A. It is a water-mill, and under the same roof with my dwelling-house,but there is no communication to it but by the roof.
Q. How far is it from the door of your dwelling-house? - A. Not two yards.
Q. Then if you want to go to the mill you must go out at the door? - A. Yes.
Q. Is the same roof level all the way along? - A. No, the mill rather rises; I missed my sacks and my flour on the 23d of June, 1800, about five o'clock in the morning.
Q. How many sacks did you miss? - A. Nine sacks, they were filled with flour.
Q. What were the sacks worth? - A. About four shillings, there were five bushels of flour in each sack.
Q. What was the flour worth? - A. Five pounds a sack.
Q. When had you seen them before? - A. My servant had seen them on the Saturday night, I cannot say whether I did or no; I found them on the Sunday week following through information at the house of the prisoner.
Q. Was the prisoner at home at the time? - A. I believe he was, but he absconded when the constable entered the house.
Q. Have you any reason to charge the prisoner as to what time they were taken? - A. No; the flour was in my care, though absolutely not my property, previous to the 21st of June.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



             sworn. - Q. You are servant to Mr. Biggs? - A. Yes; I am a miller; the flour was in the mill on Saturday evening, I missed it on the Monday morning a little after five o'clock.


                  JOHN 
                  ASHTON
               



             sworn. - I am a flour-dresser; I work for Mr. Biggs, I know nothing further than John Green; we both saw it on Saturday night, and when we both went on Monday morning we missed it; we knew the sacks when they were brought home.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAINES
               



             sworn. - I was constable at the time this happened; I searched Taylor's house on the Sunday following after it was lost; when we went in at the fore-door, he ran out at the backdoor; we did not hear of him till Old Michaelmas-day last, he was taken at Uxbridge.
Q. What did you find? - A. Nine sacks of flour up in his bed-room, and five bushels in each sack.
Q. What was the prisoner? - A. A labouring man; the headborough took the sacks back to the mill; his name is 
               
                  John 
                  Matthews
               



            , he saw them marked.


                  CHARLES 
                  MURRAY
               



             sworn. - I am constable of Uxbridge; I apprehended the prisoner; I brought him from on board the tender; I asked how he came to take so much flour, he said, he owed so much money, and he intended to live upon the flour till he had paid his debts.

Q. 
            (To Biggs.) Who brought the sacks and the flour to you? - A. It was brought in my own team; I saw the flour at the house, and Haines went with with me; I knew the sacks, and I can swear that they were the same sacks that were taken from my premises.
Q. You will not swear to the flour? - A. No.
Q. Did you measure any part of the flour afterwards, to see whether they had the same quantity? - A. Yes, one of them was short.
Prisoner's defence. I was going to labour, I saw these sacks; they were not in the mill; they were in a boat, lodged against the pails of the wooden bridge; I looked round to see if I could see any body that belonged to them; I stood there about ten minutes; I did not see any body; I took and put them in the house; I thought no harm in it.
GUILTY, aged 45.




               Of stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
