





453. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  PURNELL
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of May
, a watch, value 2l. 15s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Windsor
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
WILLIAM ANGUS sworn. - I am foreman to David Windsor, a pawnbroker
 at Aldgate


: About eight o'clock in the evening of Friday, the 1st of May, the prisoner came into that part of the shop we call the boxes, and desired to look at some stout gold rings; I shewed him two quantities sewed on cards; he tried several of the rings, and observed at the same time he was not going to buy one for himself, it was an unthankful office to buy for another person, and, upon second consideration, he would not buy a ring, but said he wanted a good silver watch for himself; he said he was but an apprentice, not quite out of his time, and could not afford to go to a great deal of money; I asked him if he would go to three guineas, or three guineas and a half; and he said, thereabouts; he chose one that I asked him three pounds fifteen shillings for; the offered me three guineas, and I agreed to take it; he then wanted to look at some gold lockets; I desired a person to bring drawer, and show him some; they were brought to him, and after looking at several, he said as before of the rings, that it was for somebody else, and he would not buy one; he then took up the watch again, and looked at it very attentively; he then put his hand towards the door, held it ajar for a minute or two, and said, Jack, or Tom, or some familiar name, come in, but no one came in; he then made another step or two, and then went completely out of the box,taking the watch with him; I went round the counter into the passage as fast as I could, but could see nothing of him; I saw no more of him, or the watch, till I saw him in Spital-fields watch-house that night about ten o'clock; I had sent round to all the shops in the neighbourhood, that if such a watch was offered, to stop it; it was stopped, and I saw it at the watch-house, in the possession of Mr. French.
CHARLES FRENCH sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, servant to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Warren
               



            , White-row, Spital-fields: On the 1st of May, about half past eight o'clock in the evening, I received some information from Mr. Windsor, in consequence of which I stopped the watch; it was brought to me to pawn by a woman, about five minutes afterwards; she is not here; she is in the Compter for receiving it in the county. (Produces the watch.)
JOHN PETERS sworn. - I am an officer of Christchurch, Middlesex: On the 1st of May, about twenty minutes past nine, Mr. French came to me; I went with him, and apprehended the prisoner; I took him before the constable of the night, and the next day he was committed.
Angus. I know this watch to be Mr. Windsor's by the name, and the make of it; the prisoner is the same man.
Prisoner's defence. I have nothing to say.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY of stealing goods, value 39s.
             aged 18.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
