





550. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  WARD
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of September
, sixty pounds weight of lead, value 16 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William Drew 
                     Francis
                  



               
            , esq.


                  Carey 
                  Bailey
               



            , 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Bennet
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Sykes
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Dancy
                  



               
            , and
Three other counts for like offence, only varying the manner of charging them.
The case was stated by Mr. Curwood.


                  THOMAS 
                  ELLIS
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Curwood. Q. You are a constable of the parish of St. Clements. - A. Yes; on Wednesday the 17th of September, between four and five in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner at the bar going up Clement's-lane, towards Clare Market; he had a hod on his shoulder, covered over with a brown jacket; it had a suspicious appearance, I followed him to an old iron shop in the same lane, I saw him go in, and he shut the door, I found the door was fast, I had suspicion of the house, and knowing the way of the house, I went to the back window.
Q. Who keeps it. - A. That I do not know; I there saw him take the hod off his shoulder, and shot the jacket and the lead out, the lead now produced in court is the lead that he shot out of the hod from his shoulder; I took the man and the lead too.
Q. You went into the shop. - A. Yes, I asked the man what he had got there, he told me that he had nothing, I told him that I had suspicion of that house a long while, and that was the lead that he had on his shoulder, and I remarked it; he said he wished me to hush it up, or else he should be transported, and he would give me his weeks wages; I told him it was of no use offering me any thing, he must go to the watch-house.
Q. Did you see this lead afterwards fitted to any part of the New Inn. - A. I fitted it myself to the ridge of the roof of No. 5, New Inn


.
Q. Did it appear as if it was cut from there - A. It was the whole that was cut from there.
Q. I believe you gave notice to the porter. - A. Yes, there is five nail holes on the ridge of the roof, he had got the nails out first, and then he tore it away; the nail holes in the lead matched the nail holes in the timber.
Q. Do you know whether the man was in the employ there. - A. I am sure he was not in employ there, he was a bricklayer's labourer in that neighbourhood.


                  JAMES 
                  WYNE
               



             sworn. You are the head porter to New Inn. - A. I fetched the lead from the Rising Sun, where it was deposited; I was with him when it was fitted down, it exactly corresponded with the place.


                  JAMES 
                  THOMSON
               



             sworn. Q. I believe you are the steward to the New Inn. - A. Yes.
Q. Be so good as to tell the names of the surviving trustees. - A. 
               
                   
                  William Drew Francis
               

            , esq. Carey Bailey, 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Bennet
               



            , 
               
                  Edward 
                  Sykes
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Dancey
               



            .
Q. Are these the whole of the surviving trustees. A. Yes.
Q. Who is Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Warr
               



            . - A. He is the occupier of the top floor.
Prisoner's Defence. The same evening I had the lead in the day time, I asked the man if he would come at beer time, I went down to the public house, he was not there, I found him in his own room; he told me he would give me a shilling to take a parcel to Clement's lane, he put it in the hod as I went down stairs; I took it to Clement's lane. When I took it there the constable laid hold of me, he ran away, he followed me there; he has never come for his money nor his tools. He has not worked for his master afterwards.
Q.(to Constable) When you saw him carrying this lead was any person with him. - A. No, when he was in the iron shop a person came up to him when I was bringing him out.
Q. There was no person when you came up to the house. - A. No.
Q. What may be the weight of this lead. - A. Upwards of sixty pounds.
Q. Was he sober. - A. Yes, a drunken man could not carry sixty pounds weight, he was not drunk.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
