





777. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BYRNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of October
, three cotton shawls, value 9s, and fourteen yards of printed cotton, value 8s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Robinson
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .



                  NOAH 
                  SIMONS
               



             sworn. - I live with Mr. Robinson, linen-draper
, No. 62, Broad-street, St. Giles's


: On Monday, the 20th of October, between eight and nine in the evening, the prisoner came to our shop with a child, and asked for some printed cotton for a bed-gown; I showed her several; she seemed very much intoxicated, and insensible of what she did; she convinced me she wanted the article, by shewing me a half-guinea in her right hand; I then paid her more attention, and she bought a remnant of print, which came to seven shillings and fourpence; then she bought a yard of white calico, which came to ninepence, and a pair of women's common black stockings, fourteen-pence; I gave her change for half-a-guinea, and she went away with the child; she might have been in the shop, altogether, about a quarter of an hour; there were prints, and other goods, lying upon the counter.
Q. Did you miss any goods? - A. No; there were three young men in the shop, besides, all the time; there was a report that a woman was taken up with linen-drapery goods upon her, and I went to the watch-house from curiosity; that was about three quarters of an hour after she had left the shop.
Q. Are you sure that the prisoner was the same woman? - A. Yes; there I saw two remnants of print, three cotton shawls, and the print I had sold her; the remnants of print were of a different pattern from what I had sold her; she had one remnant that I had not sold her, of six yards, and another of eight yards.
Q. Whose property were they? - A. Mr.
               
                  Robert 
                  Robinson
               



            's; I had seen the remnant of six yards about one o'clock, at the furthermost end of the shop; the others I do not recollect to have seen.
Q. The prisoner could not possibly have taken it from the futher end of the shop? - A. No; she could not; whether it had been moved since one o'clock I do not know.
Q. You observed her to take nothing but what she had bought of you? - A. Nothing.


                  GEORGE 
                  RUSSELL
               



             sworn. - I live about six or seven doors from Mr.Robinson's; I apprehended the prisoner for another offence, at my shop-door, about nine o'clock at night; I took her to the watch-house, and going along, I observed some print hanging out of her apron; it was wrapped up in her apron, under her child and two shawls; when we got to the watch-house, we found another shawl under her stays; Mr.Robionson's young man opened them; I have had them ever since. (produces them).


                  JOHN 
                  COLLIER
               



             sworn. - I am a headbrough: I assisted Russell in taking the prisoner to the watch-house; I took two shawls from out of her apron;
she was very obftreperons,and wanted to lie down at my door, No7, Drury-lane; I saw the print in her apron, and I faw another shawl taken from under her ( says, in the watch-house).
HEBDITCH sworn. - I am a watchman: I had charge of the prisoner from Mr.Russell, and saw the things taken from her.
Simons, Both these remnants have got Mr. Robinson's shop-mark, which was put on when we took stock; they are in the hand writing of one of our young man; there is Mr.Robinson's handwriting upon one of the shawls; they were all three in one piece, but they are now separate; they have not been cut; they have been torn apart, and torn into the border.
Q. Will you undertake to swear that these things were not sold by your master, or in his shop? - A. Yes.
Q. If these remnants had been sold, would they have been sold with these marks upon them? - A. They would.
Q. Prisoner's defence. I paid for what I bought, and come out of the shop; when I had got about three doors from the shop; I kicked my foot against something; I stooped down, and picked up these things, and put them in my apron.
GUILTY. (AGED 29.)
Of 


               stealing to the value of 4s 9d.
            





               Transported for seven years
             .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr.
               
                  Baron 
                  THOMPSON
               



            .
