






584. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  DERRY
               



             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  M'ADAMS
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Skirme
                     




                  , on the 12th of June
, with intent to steal, and stealing six waistcoats, value 18s. one boy's shirt, value 3s. three handkerchiefs, value 6s. three other handkerchiefs, value 3s. four silver tea-spoons, value 12s. a tea-caddy, with silver top, value 1s. and other articles
            , the goods of the said 
               
                  Edward 
                  Skirme
               



            .
EDWARD SKIRME sworn. - I keep the Black-lion, in Charles-court, in the Strand




; my house was broke open the 12th of June, about two o'clock, or half-past; my mother and I saw it fastened up; the watchman rung the rattle, and when I came down the door was open, and the bar door too, and two panes of glass cut; it was a double door, and I suppose they had got a wedge and forced it open; six waistcoats and the table-cloath I can swear to; they were in the bar when I went to bed; the till was also gone, and the club box too; I knew Derry, he used the house, but had not been there that night; a few evenings before, he went lookings about the window, and M'Adams's brother, not the prisoner, with him.
Mrs.SKIRME sworn. - I am mother of the last witness, and saw the doors fastened up; I folded the things up, and can swear to them all; Derry and the brother of the other prisoner were in the house a night or two before, and got upon the seat in the top-room, and saw the things in the window, and I said, what do you think of them, and they went away.


                  MARGARET 
                  LAYTON
               



             sworn. - I saw three men come out, and run up the court about half-past three o'clock, on the morning of the 12th of the June; one of them had a club-box carrying under his arm, that belonged to some coal-heaver; they run from Mr.Skrime's house to Hungersord; I cannot swear to any one of them, but I think Derry was the person that had the box; as to the other prisoner, I don't know that I ever saw him before.


                  GEORGE 
                  DONALDSON
               



             sworn. - I am constable of St. Martin in the Fields; I went on the 12th of June, and apprehended Derry, in Charles-court; he said he was innocent, and so did the other; I apprehended M'Adams while he was at work, but would not take him away because all three brothers were at work thee, and I did not know which it was till the watchman came, and he said it was him; I did not find a brown coat there; the watchman said he had a brown coat on; there was no implements for house-breaking, or any thing of the sort.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COOKE
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman; on Thursday I was in Charles-court, I sprung my rattle, rather better than half-past two in the morning; I preceived the Black-lion shutters broke violently, and as I kept knocking at the door to alarm, they flipped the lock back, and three men bolted out upon me; 
               
                  Charles 
                  Derry
               



             says, 
               Bill
             M'Adams, let us go home, he was certainly the man that came out with the box under his arm; I have known him above two years; I made answer, 
               Bill
             M'Adams, go home, you are three thieves, and three housebreakers; pray Mr. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Derry
               



            , what have you got under your arm, the till of the landlord's room, or some money, for money rattles; I made up to lay hold of Derry, and Bill M'Adams (as they called him, knocked me down; they went into Hungerford- market, and there I lost them; that is all I have to say; I cannot say who the third man was.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Do you know howmany brothers M'Adams has? - A. No.
Do you know his brother Tom? - A. No; I know the man that struck me, and that was Will M'Adams.
Q. Have you never said to 
               Brady
             that 
               Thos.
             M'Adams was the person? - A. No;I don't know that I did tell him so; that is the man that struck me, and knocked me down; I can tell you no more if you ask me till this day twelvemonth; I don't know of a reward of forty pounds, I have heard of such a thing, but it never was in my way; I am very sorry this has happened; what I have  sworn I will stand to.
Derry's defence. I have got a great many witnesses to prove I was in bed, and fast asleep, when this robbery was committed.
M'Adams's defence. I wish to leave the chief of my defence to my counsel; I only wish to state that this man, Derry, is a total stranger to me; I never saw him till I saw him in Bow-street; and I was locked up in the room with him half an hour before I knew he was taken on the same account I was.
For the Prisoner M'Adams.
- WIVER sworn. - I am a publican; I remember the day M'Adams was taken into custody; I saw him the night before, near eleven o'clock, he came as usual for a pot of beer, which he took home in his hand.


                  MARY 
                  GALE
               



             sworn. - M'Adams and I lodge on the same floor in the same house; I remember seeing him the night before he was taken up, between ten and eleven o'clock, he came up stairs with a pot of beer; I was up till about twenty minutes after twelve, with my door open, and it would have been impossible for him to have gone out without my seeing him; and I should have heard, if he went out; he bears an excellent character.



                  NICHOLAS 
                  GALE
               



             sworn. - I saw M'Adams, the morning he was taken up, about seven o'clock, coming out of his room.


                  JAMES 
                  HAYES
               



             sworn. - I am partner with the landlord of the house; the door was unlocked between four and five in the morning; I unlocked it myself; Mr. Pearson, the landlord, locked it himself near eleven o'clock; and I don't thing it was unlocked from that time till I unlocked it.


                  SARAH 
                  DODD
               



             sworn. - I was in the court between two and three o'clock the morning the Black-lion was robbed, and saw three men, but M'Adams was not one; neither of the prisoners were there, they were betwixt their size.
Court. (To Cooke). Q. Do you know whether that is the man? - A. I know the man that came up and knocked me down was pitted with the small-pox, and had high cheek bones.
Q. Was there light enough to see the counter? - A. It was so light that I could see from the water-side up into the Strand, as plain as I see you, my Lord; I am as clear as God is in heaven, that 
               
                  Charles 
                  Derry
               



             brought the box out of the house.
Q.Was it day light so that you could see them? - A. Yes, my Lord.
Court. Then there is an end of the burglary.
M'Adams called five witnesses, who gave him an excellent charater. DERRY, GUILTY
Of 


               Stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
M'ADAMS, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice Rooke.
