





231. 
               
                  NATHANIEL 
                  HOOPER
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of January
, four table cloths, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  Richard-Thomas 
                  Hopkins
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HOPKINS
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               Richard-Thomas Hopkins
            , dancing-master, at Coachmaker's-hall
: The prisoner came every day to dress Mr. Hopkins's hair; he had access to every part of the house, I cannot say what part they were in; he used to go up stairs to call my son, and my husband, of a morning; the prisoner was taken up for another offence; I was sent for to a Mrs. Clarke's, and there I saw my table cloths.


                  ROBERT 
                  NEWMAN
               



             sworn. - I am a constable,(produces the property): I received them from Mrs. Clarke; I took the prisoner into custody at the George-inn, Aldermanbury, Mrs. Clarke's house; I searched him, and found in his left boot fourteen duplicates; I saw him stuff them in; I gave the duplicates of these four table-cloths to Mr. Dobson, the pawnbroker, in Chiswell-street, who delivered up the property, but he was not bound over, because he could not swear to the prisoner.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  CLARKE
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of Robert Clarke: I went to Mr. Dobson's, in Chiswell-street, with Mr. Newman; he took the duplicates, which he gave the pawnbroker, and I took out the money, and paid for them; I delivered them to the constable.
Mrs. Hopkins. I know these to be my tablecloths, they have my mark to them.
Prisoner's defence. My Lord and Gentlemen of the Jury, on the 16th of January last, as I was going to work between seven and eight in the morning, going through Aldermanbury, I found a paper containing these duplicates; I put it in my sob, and my fob-pocket being broke, it slipped down into my boot. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
