





587. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     NEWMAN
                  




               
            . was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of June
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , one pound ten shillings, and a five pound bank note, his property
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  JONES
               



            . I live at No. 15, Hatfield-street, Black-friers-road. On Monday the 26th of June, about halfpast eleven at night, I came from a benefit society, held at the Goose and Grid-iron, St. Paul's-church-yard; I was in company with Robert Lilly. At the corner of Creed-lane I was accosted by this woman, and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Lilly
               



             was accosted by two others. The first question they asked, was whether we would give them something to drink; we asked them where, they said down the lane; pointing down Creed-lane


. We retired a few steps down the lane, he in company of the two, and I with this woman. We had not gone above half a dozen steps down the lane, nor I had not been more than two minutes in their company, before I felt a hand in my breeches pocket. I felt her hand, I supposed come out of my breeches pocket, which induced me to put my hand in immediately, where I keep my money. I found it was gone, and my pocket unbuttoned. Before I was accosted by these women, my money was safe, and my pocket buttoned. I found all my money was gone, except one piece, which from the smoothness of it, I supposed was a shilling.
Q. Were the other women near you at the time - A.

They were; I suppose about four yards across the road, not within the reach of me with the hand.
Q. How much money had you when you went into the Goose and Grid-iron - A. I had seven pounds twelve shillings and six-pence; but there I paid twenty-six shillings.
Q. How was it made up - A. A five pound note, two guineas, a seven shilling piece, and two or three shillings and six-pences. I paid away a guinea, and a seven shilling piece; I had the change out of the seven shilling piece. Upon my finding the money was gone out of my pocket, I accused her of robbing me, and instantly seized her hand; in which she had got the property; she not having time to convey it away. I found it was in her hand; I asked her whether she was not ashamed of herself, she said she was exceeding sorry, she did not know it; she turned it out into my hand, I said I would charge the watch with her, to see whether I had got all my money; I called my friend, who was about four yards off; I told him I had been robbed by this woman, he advised me to call the watch; I called the watch. The constable has the five pound note; the other money I have made use of.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COWARD
               



            . I was constable of the night.
Q. Did you receive charge of this woman by the last witness - A. Yes: when he came in he said he had been robbed of between six and seven pounds; he put a five pound note down and the other money; he was willing for me to discharge the woman, but I was not willing. I have had the five pound note ever since.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. On Monday evening I had been to Bunhill-row to my business; I am a case maker
, I make scissars, razors, and spectacle cases. I lived in Prince's-street, Lemond's Pond. I was passing the end of the street, I met this gentleman and three or four women; he seemed to be in a great heat of passion, he took hold of me and charged the watchman with me. I am quite innocent of what he charges me with.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
