





29. 
               
                  
                     MOSES 
                     COPELAND
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for feloniously making an assault in the King's highway on the 22nd of November
 upon 
                     
                        
                           Catherine 
                           Esthall
                        



                     
                  , putting her in fear, and taking from her person and against her will a shawl, value 2 s. and a handkerchief, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Esthall
                        



.


                  CATHERINE 
                  ESTHALL
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  William 
                  Esthall
               



            . Last Tuesday week, near two o'clock in the day, the prisoner stopped me in Maddox street, he took hold of my arm, and said I had something of his property; I told him I had not, and that I was willing to go before a magistrate to be examined if he would not use me ill; a gentleman present loosed me from his arm and bid me go about my business. I went; he took hold of me again; I told him again I was willing to go before a magistrate. I went with him as far as the middle of Argyle street, Swallow street


; there he pushed me down in the street; then he took a shawl from my neck and a handkerchief out of my hand; then he ran away; the people saw him do it, they halloaed out stop thief, catched him and brought him back to me.
Q. Are you sure he is the same person that took the shawl from you - A. I am sure of it; then we went to Marlborough street, he was committed.
Q. This you say was at two o'clock in the middle of the day - A. Yes.
Q. I think you say there was a gentleman that loosed you from him - A. Yes, he would have broke my arm if he had not.
Prisoner. Do you not remember drinking with me at the Green Dragon in Swallow street - A. No. I never saw him before.
Q. I wish to ask whether I was not in liquor - A.He was not to my knowledge.


                  HENRY 
                  GIBBS
               



            . Q. Did you see any of these parties - A. Yes; the first time I saw them they were standing at the door of a public house; the prisoner was saying to her that she had stole a pair of stockings; she denied it.
Q. Did they appear to you to be acquainted - A. No. The man said he would take her to Marlborough street to have her examined; she said she was very willing to go; then he walked by the side of her; going along he pulled her down; he snatched the shawl off her neck and ran away.
Q. Did he take any thing out of her hand - A. I did not see him. When he ran away I followed him down Swallow street, I cried stop thief; the officer stopped him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BRIANT
               



            . As I was going down Prince's street I met the prisoner running round the corner of Hanover square, I saw him take the pocket handkerchief from his hat and throw it down an area in Prince's street; somebody cried stop thief; he run into Swallow street, into a stable yard, and the constable took him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PLANK
               



            . Q. Are you a constable - A. Yes. On the 22nd of November I was in Swallow street, I saw the prisoner run into a stable yard in Swallow street, where I took him. The witness Richardson gave me the shawl; after the examination I went back and found the handkerchief where the witness described.


                  THOMAS 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I was going down Swallow street, towards St. James's church; at the corner of Maddox street, I perceived a man pulling a woman very roughly; I crossed over the way; he then had hold of her by her left arm, which he endeavoured to twist round, swearing at the same time that he would break her arm; I asked him what the woman had done that he was using her so ill in that way; he said she had stole a pair of stockings from him at the Green Dragon public house, at the corner of Maddox street; she said she had not; I told him if he thought she had got them to get a constable and have her searched; he seemed to be very much in liquor; he still persisted in saying that if she did not deliver the stockings up he would break her arm; the woman seemed to be in great pain, and a gentleman who was present seized him by the collar, loosed his hand from her arm, and told her to go about her business. She went as far as the end of Hanover street, when the prisoner followed her, seized her again, brought her to the Green Dragon door, and endeavoured to go into the house, but the landlord of the house pushed him out, and said he would have no more of him: then I told him he had better take the woman to Marlborough street; she said she was willing to go any where before a magistrate. They went down Swallow street into Little Argyle street, where I lost sight of them; I went down Swallow street to where I was going; I stopped to speak to a person at the end of Conduit street, and happening to turn my head, I saw the prisoner running down Swallow street, he had got a something in his hand that appeared like a shawl that the woman had upon her neck; I saw the witness Gibbs running after him, I pursued him down Conduit street, I overtook him in Maddox street; I asked him what he had done with the shawl that he had in his hand, he said if you will go into that house we will have something to drink, and I will tell you all about it; I told him I would not; he immediately darted across the street and ran up Swallow street into Hanover street, Hanover square, crossed Hanover street to the door of Hanover square room; there he took the shawl from his hat and threw it down that area; he ran across Hanover square, turned up Prince's street, there I lost sight of him; I did not see any more of him till I saw him in the hands of Mr. Plank, the constable; I stopped at the door of Hanover room, and the man brought me the shawl out of the area, and I delivered it to Mr. Plank.
Plank. I have got the shawl and handkerchief; I received the shawl from the witness Richardson. The handkerchief was thrown down the area at the corner of Prince's street, Hanover square; I saw it there; I asked Mr. Elliot's servant to bring it me; he did.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. The woman and me were drinking at the Green Dragon in Swallow street, I had a new pair of stockings in my hat on the bench; I went out to make water; while I was gone she ran away with the stockings; they cost me two shillings and nine pence; the people in the house told me to run and fetch her back; I ran and overtook her in the street; I catched my hand upon her shoulder, and the shawl came off in my hand; she drawed a mob of people around me; I set off and run down the street, I threw the shawl down the area; the people ran after me, I was very much in liquor: the constable met me in the street and took me to the office. The woman had been asking me to go home with her before; I was to give her half a crown to stay all night.
Plank. I think it my duty to state that the woman was in liquor at the time; I do not think she hardly knew what she was doing of.
Q. Why did not you state that in your examination - A. I thought you would have asked me; it did not strike me till I got down.
Q. to prosecutrix. You have heard the account that the prisoner has given - how much of that account is true - A. It is a false account; I am a married woman. I have had ten children. I had only part of one pot of beer that afternoon, that was not with him; he came in the house just as I was going out.




               GUILTY
            , aged 24.
Of simple larceny only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Grose.
