






211. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of January
, a pair of drab cloth breeches, value 12s. a swansdown waistcoat, value 8s. and a cloth great coat, value 21s. the property of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Angel
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  LYDIA 
                  ANGEL
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Angel
               



            , I live at No. 133, Great Saffron Hill


, my husband is a porter in an ironmonger's shop
, and I keep an old clothes shop: On the 23d of January last, about six o'clock in the evening, two men came into the shop, the prisoner at the bar was one, and asked for some corduroy or velveteen breeches; I told them I had none; I shewed them some other breeches, and Wright chose a pair of new drab cloth ones; during the time Wright was trying on the breeches, the other man chose a pepper and salt coloured great coat, and a pair of leather breeches; they thought I did not shew them the best things I had, and the prisoner told me not to be afraid, that they had got a pound or two to lay out, if I had got goods that would suit them; upon that account I shewed them more goods than usual; they asked for some waistcoats, and I went to a chest in the shop and took out two swansdown waistcoats, and they chose one; then I shewed them some great coats, which did not please them; then I shewed them another, and Wright put the great coat, swansdown waistcoat, and drab cloth breeches on, in order to see whether they fitted him or not; the other man asked for a piece of chalk, to see what they came to; I told them I could cast it up, they then went out of the shop; I immediately leaped over the counter; one took up the street, and the other down; I pursued Wright, and caught hold of him by the skirt of his coat, about eight yards from my shop, and he sell down; I called out for assistance, and my next door neighbour came and assisted me in bringing him back; I had him committed; the property is here; Mr. Rose has got it.
WILLIAM ROSE sworn. - The prisoner was brought to our office, Hatton Garden, on the 23d of January, in the evening, he had the property on him; I took off the great coat and waistcoat, the breeches he has on. (Produces the coat and waistcoat).
Mrs. Angel. I know those things to be mine; here is my mark with my own hand.
JOHN KENNEDY sworn. - I live at No. 133, Saffron Hill; I am a constable; I heard my landlady cry out, stop thief, and I came, and she said, for God's sake take this man into coustody; he had those things upon him; here is my mark upon them.
Prisoner's defence. I went into the shop, and asked for a pair of breeches, and she reached me down a pair of black kerseymere, which would not do; she then reached me down these pair of breeches, and I put them on; I then asked for a waistcoat, and I put it on, then a coat, and it fitted me very well; I laid my own breeches on the counter, with the money in them, and the man along with me took hold of my breeches, and ran away with the money; I ran after him, and my heels kicked up; it was not my meaning to take any thing from the woman; when I returned to the shop, she took me into custody.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 39s.
             aged 24.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Hotham
               



            .
