





643. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     MURPHY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 8th of August
, a leaden chimney pot, value 8 s. and fifty-two pound weight of lead,value 8 s. the property of our Lord the King, affixed to a dwelling house of our Lord 
                     
the King




.
And THREE OTHER COUNTS for like offence, only varying the manner of charging them.


                  JAMES 
                  DONKINS
               



            . I am porter of the gate at Somerset House


. On the 8th of August, between twelve and one. I saw the prisoner, he was wheeling out a wheelbarrow of rubbish, I perceived some lead, it struck me that he had got something that was not proper.
Q. The prisoner was a labourer
 then employed, I believe, upon the top of the building - A. I believe he was; he was in the dress of a workman. He wheeled the barrow across the Strand into Swan-yard, I there asked him what he had got; he said nothing of consequence. I put my hand in the barrow, moved the rubbish, and saw the lead. I said you have got some lead here, you must take it back again; he was very loth to do that; he said you shall have part; I said no; take it back. He took it back to the commissioners side, by Mr. Goslen's; Mr. Bensfield stopped him; I went to the pay office and brought a constable. He told Mr. Bensfield that he got the lead from the gutter. It appeared to have been a chimney pot; it has been knocked up, there are marks of the bricklayers hammer upon it.
MR. BOLLING. Q. You are assistant architect to Somerset House - A. Yes.
Q. Were there workmen on the top of Mr. Bobery's house - A. Yes.
Q. Are there leaden chimney pots upon the top of Mr. Bobery's house - A. Yes; there were a considerable number of chimney pots missing. The prisoner was a person employed on the top of Mr. Bobery's house. I consider the whole of the property his Majesty's.
Q. Whether it was unfixed or fixed you cannot tell - A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. I always got my bread by the sea; after the loss of my wife I went to work with the bricklayers to maintain my children. The lead was in the gutter, I never took it away from the chimney.



               GUILTY
            , aged 44.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
