






116. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MASON
                  , alias 
                     
WILLIAM MORETON





            , and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SPRAGGS
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of December
, a bill of exchange, value 75 l. 16 s. 7 d. and a promissory note, value 25 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Ticken
                        




                     
                  , the said bill of exchange and promissory note, at the time of committing the felony, being then due and unsatisfied to him
            .
(The indictment was opened by Mr. Alley; and the the case was stated by Mr. Const.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  TICKEN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You are master of the academy
 at Great Marlow; in consequence of your seeing an advertisement, you applied to Mr. Moreton, and, in consequence of that application, did you receive a letter? - A. Yes, from a person, signed Moreton.
Q. Have you got that letter? - A. Yes.
Q. Look at the prisoners at the bar, and tell me whether either of them you know by the name of Moreton? - A. Yes, when he was at my house, at Marlow, he admitted that he wrote this letter to me; (produces it.)
"September 8th, 1804.
Addressed -
"
               
                  William 
                  Ticken
               



            , Esq. of the Royal and Military Academy, at Marlow, Bucks.
"Sir, - In answer to your's of the 6th instant, I beg leave to say, that I have got left in my hands 120 l. which I can dispose of for such bills as I can take; I have no objection of taking them upon terms that I am sure you will be perfectly satisfied with; you will please to deliver to me the particulars of your bills, that I may consult whether they will be accepted in payment or not; you shall have an answer by the return of post.
(Signed)
"WM. MORETON."
"P. S. Direct to me at Moreland's coffee-house, Dean-street, Soho, London, as I am generally there about post time.
Q. In consequence of this you wrote to him? - A. Yes, and I received another letter before he came to Marlow, wherein he informed me he was coming into the country, and he would make Great Marlow in his way back to town, for half an hour's conversation, he said, would do more than a week's correspondence by letter.
Q. In consequence of this letter he came to you? - A. Yes, he came in about nine o'clock in the morning; he said his name was Moreton, and acknowledged this letter; I then began talking to him, about this bill of 75 l. 16 s. 7 d. I wanted to get discounted; I asked him upon what terms; he said he knew the nature of these things, he must not charge any more than 5 l. per cent. but he must charge the expenses down to Marlow; he then asked me to let him have the bills; I said I did not like to part with the bills out of my possession; he then asked me for a copy; I sat down and wrote him a copy; he stated the inconvenience of doing a bill of 75 l. he only having a hundred pound in his possession, he wanted me to make it up a hundred.
Q. In the letter he sent down to you at Marlow he said he had got 120 l.? - A. Yes.
Q. All that you wanted discounted was a bill of 75 l. he wanted you to give him a bill of 25 l.? - A. Yes, to make up the hundred; I asked him to sit down, and write me the form of the bill for 25 l. he refused, and begged me; I wrote it, and he named the person to whom I was to promise to pay it, which I think was 
               
                  Nathaniel 
                  Holmes
               



            ; he then stated, that it would be necessary for him to have a copy of that; I wrote a copy of that; then he appointed to meet me on the next Wednesday, at the Gloucester coffee-house, in Piccadilly; on the 19th of September, I think it was.

Q. Did you, according to his appointment, come to the Gloucester coffee-house? - A. Yes, I looked into the Gloucester coffee-house, and saw he was not there, and presently after I saw Mr. Spraggs, a man I had not seen before; he was walking backwards and forwards before I observed the other prisoner; he was looking for some person that he wanted.
Court. Q. Was Spraggs walking before the coffee-house door? - A. Yes, he was; the other prisoner came in about five minutes afterwards; he merely looked into the coffee-house, and said there were too many gentlemen there.
Q. When Moreton came, did he seem to take any notice of Spraggs? - A. No, nor Spraggs took no notice of him; Spraggs kept walking backwards and forwards; we went into the Old White Horse cellar, over the way; we set in the coffee-house there.
Q. Was there any other person there? - A. Not one; when we sat down I asked him whether he had got the money; he said he had, twice; I then took out the note of 25 l. I gave it into Moreton's hands, and I asked him if that would do; he said it would do, and at the same time I took out the bill for 75 l. 16 s. 7 d. drawn by myself, on a man who is indebted to me, 
               
                  William 
                  Walker
               



            , of Great Marlow, payable at three months date, and accepted by him; when I took that bill out, the prisoner Moreton snatched it from me; he got to the door, and said he was going to St. James's street for the money; he ran out of the coffee-house, and I saw him making motions to Spraggs; he held up his hand as I was passing through the coffee-room; I went to the door almost immediately, and in the interim I lost sight of the prisoners; they both disappeared; I saw no more of them.
Q. When Moreton held up his hand, did you see Spraggs then? - A. I did, but before I got out of the door they both disappeared.
Mr. Alley. Q. You never heard any thing of your bills afterwards till in point of fact Moreton was taken up? - A. Never: On the 13th of December, near three months afterwards, I came up to London; I was walking up Parliament-street with Mr. Goldsmith, and met Spraggs in Parliament-street; I challenged him with his name; Spraggs said, do you want to say any thing to me; I said, no, but here is a friend of mine does, pointing to Mr. Goldsmith; with that they both talked together, and I walked a little way behind them; I heard Mr. Spraggs mention Mr. Ticken's bills; I went up to Mr. Spraggs, and told him my name was Ticken; Mr. Spraggs said, if possible, he would get my bills back again; if I would behave like a gentleman, he thought probably he might do something for me; Mr. Goldsmith made an appointment to meet him the same evening at eight o'clock, at the Golden Cross, Charing-cross; he refused to give his address.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. At the time Mason went out of the room with your two bills, you followed him to the door? - A. I did.
Q. You say in your way to the door you saw him make some motion with his hand that you thought was directed to Spraggs; on your seeing that, which side of the way was Mason? - A. He was crossing; I saw them within two yards of each other; it appeared to me that they went away together.
Q. Did you see whether they went one way or separate ways? - A. That I cannot tell.
Mr. Watson. Q. When Mason came out of the White Horse cellar with the bills, did you hear him say where he was going to? - A. He said he was going into St. James's street, and that he would be with me in ten minutes.
Q. Which way did you go? - A. In fact, for a minute or two, I did not know what to do; some time elapsed before I did any thing; when I came out of the door of the White Horse to look after him I had left my hat; I went back to get my hat.
Mr. Alley. Q. Was it necessary for him to have crossed the street, in his way to St. James's street? - A. By no means.
Q. He did cross the way to where Spraggs was standing? - A. Yes.
Q. He knew where you lived because he had been at your house? - A. Certainly.
Q. You never after heard of him till you saw him at Bow-street? - A. Never.
Q. Did you mean to part with the bill without the money? - A. By no means.
Court. Q. Before this time had you ever seen Spraggs at the Gloucester coffee-house? - A. No, nor after, till I saw him in Parliament-street; he kept his appointment to the Golden Cross, Charing-cross, and there Rivett, the Officer, took him.


                  HENRY 
                  GOLDSMITH
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const. Q. You live at Marlow? - A. Yes; I am an attorney; I arrived in town with Mr. Ticken: In consequence of the apprehension of Moreton, I met Spraggs in Parliament-street; after he was challenged by the name of Spraggs, I asked him whether he knew Moreton; he said he did not; I then asked him whether he knew Mason; he said he did; I told him he had been fortunate enough to procure Mr. Julian's bill; he said he had, and if it had not been for him, Mr. Julian would have lost his bill; I asked him if he knew that we were so unfortunate as to lose one; I asked him if he knew any thing of Mr. Ticken's bill; he said, you mean Ticken's bills; I then said that I knew of only one bill, Mr. Ticken had informed me only of one bill; I asked him whether he could be ofany service in procuring us the bill; yes, he said, he thought he could, he would do the best for us he could; I asked him for his address, which he refused to give; he agreed to meet at the Golden-cross, Charing-cross. I told him we were going to Mr. Julian; he said, you had better not go to Mr. Julian, he did not behave handsome to me in the last, for the stiller and the quieter we were in this business the better; he then asked me whether I had seen Mason; I told him no; Mr. Ticken made answer, I hope I shall see him in half an hour at Bow-street; I do not know whether the prisoner heard him, or not; he said he wanted to see Mason, and he would give five guineas to see him; we then parted, and he asked me my name, and he promised to meet me at the Golden-cross, Charing-cross, which he did, at eight o'clock, and Rivett came and took him to Bow-street.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WESTLEY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You are a house-keeper in Duke-street, Adelphi? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know the two prisoners at the bar? - A. I know them both; Moreton took a room of me about the beginning of September; about a fortnight before, Moreton had Mr. Julian's bill; he only lodged with me a week and five days; Spraggs came to my house about a fortnight after Moreton had absconded, and asked what apartment I had to let, as I had a bill in the window; I told him I had got a parlour which I had let to one Mr. Moreton, and a very disagreeable circumstance had happened between Moreton and Julian; I have got a paper that he sent, which I received from a porter.
Q. Did you see who the porter brought it from? - A. I saw Mr. Spraggs standing at the corner of Buckingham-street, when I received it from the porter.
Q. What became of the porter after he left your house? - A. He went towards Spraggs.


                  SARAH 
                  BUTTICAZ
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const. Q. Do you know either of the prisoners at the bar? - A. I know them both; I live in Meard's-street, Soho; Spraggs lodged with me.
Q. In what situation was Moreton? - A. I looked upon him as a servant to Mr. Spraggs, he acted as a servant; he used to light his fire, and brush his clothes; it was about the beginning of August when he took the room.


                  JAMES 
                  PARKER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const. Q. You are a waiter at Moreland's coffee-house, Dean-street, Soho - have you ever seen either of the prisoners at your coffee-house? - A. Yes, both of them, about three or four times; I saw them drink there together about the middle of September.


                  FRANCIS 
                  JULIAN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const. Q. In the course of any thing that has happened, whatever it might be, have you known the two parties connected together? - A. No other way than Mr. Spraggs procuring my bill from me.
Q. From whom? - A. That I do not know; he told me that there was no other man on earth that could do it.
Q. Did Spraggs procure for you the bill that you delivered to Moreton? - A. He did, for five guineas.
Q. When was it that you delivered the bill to Moreton? - A. On the 15th day of September, or about that time.


                  JOHN 
                  PALMER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const. Q. What are you? - A. I am a carrier.
Q. Do you know Mr. Spraggs's hand-writing? - A. I have seen him write.
Q. Look at that, and tell me whether you believe that to be his hand-writing? - A. It is very much like it, I do believe it to be his hand-writing.
(The letter read in Court, containing an apology for Moreton from Spraggs.)
Mr. Watson. (To the prosecutor.) Q. Was that bill drawn on Mr. Walker accepted by you? - A. No.
Q. Then I do not think you could have procured any money on it? - A. If I kept it in my own hands I could have got the money from Mr. Walker.
Q. You knew it was not negociable without you had endorsed it -
Court. Q. How came you first of all to become acquainted or to be introduced to Moreton? - A. In consequence of an advertisement in the Morning Herald, Sept. 6th; that induced me to apply to Moreton. (The advertisement read in Court.)
"Money, 850 l. to discount. - A gentleman has remitted this sum from the country to his correspondent in town for good bills or notes, which the advertiser can make answer, as well as the payment of money; therefore any person of real or known credit may be accommodated to any sum not less than 50 l. by applying either personally or by letter to Mr. Moreton, at Moreland's coffee-house, Dean-street, Soho, and they will have an immediate answer."
Moreton did not say any thing in his defence.
Spraggs's defence. I would wish to state all the transaction that I know about this business. Gentlemen of the Jury, I am implicated here in a very disagreeable manner, of stealing a bill; I know just so much of stealing or swindling a bill as any gentleman in Court. I unfortunately, about twelve months ago, got acquainted with Mason; the first of my acquaintance with this man was in Newgate; I paid some money for his discharge, and from some circumstances I relieved him, and after I relieved him, he, not having it in his power to pay me, used to come backwards and forwards to do some things for me; sometime last September he came and told me about Mr. Julian, that hehad transactions with him; what transaction, I said, can you have with Mr. Julian (for I would not take a bill, nor even a Bank-note from the hands of Mason;) this Mason said to me, Mr. Julian will accept a bill of thirty pounds, provided any person will draw it for me; I 
               drew
             a bill on Mr. Julian for thirty pounds, I never had the least intention to discount it at first or last, whatever Mr. Julian had. After I had done it, I thought I should be implicated without any benefit; I went to Mr. Julian to know the transaction of it; Mr. Julian told me the particular transaction, for at that moment I meant to burn the bill; I saw Mr. Alley afterwards, and it was agreed that he should pay the five guineas; I then went to Mr. Julian with the bill, and he gave me five guineas; he told me about Mr. Ticken, of Marlow; I said, what have you done with it; he said, there is a warrant at Queen-square; I said, I know nothing at all about Mr. Ticken's bills, nor shall I trouble myself at all about it. On the 13th of December, as I was coming up Parliament-street, I met these gentlemen, and after we had passed each other ten yards, he came up to me, and asked me if my name was Spraggs; I said, yes; he said, do you know a Mr. Moreton; I said, no; he said, do you know Mason; I said, yes, I would give five guineas to see him; Mr. Ticken said, have you heard that he has got a bill from me; I said, I have heard that he has got a bill from a gentleman of Great Marlow; he said, can you render me any service in getting that bill, for I find that you have got Mr. Julian's, if I could get him the bill he would behave like a gentleman; I never told him I would, if he would behave like a gentleman; he said it first; he said, seventy-five pounds was a great deal of money to lose; they wanted me to meet them at their lodgings in the City; I said, that is a great way, cannot we meet nearer; I appointed to meet them at the Golden Cross, Charing-cross; I told them, if I could render them any service I would; I went there; Mr. Goldsmith and Mr. Rivett came into the coffee-room, and said I must go along with them; Mr. Rivett began searching me in the coffee-room; I said, do not expose me in the coffee-room; they took me to the Office, and Mr. Ford asked me what I knew of these bills; I said nothing, but that I heard that that man had got some bills from Mr. Ticken, of Great Marlow; Mr. Ticken gets up, in a kind of surprize, and said, now I am satisfied Mr. Spraggs knows something about this business, as I have not mentioned any thing about the other bill of 25 l. no, not even to my wife; that, he said, he drew at Marlow, payable to one Holmes, and that he voluntarily gave Mason, but he catched up the other, and ran away; I was committed for re-examination, but Ticken swore positively that he saw me in the street both before and after Mason took the bills. Now I declare to God that I never was in the street at that time; Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Ford
               



             asked him how he came to know that my name was Spraggs; he said, from the description that Mr. Julian gave of me; I was recommitted, the bill was due on the 20th of December, to see whether the bill would be presented for payment; and when re-examined again, the bill was not presented for payment at that time; Mr. Ticken was particularly asked whether he had endorsed the bill; he said, no; the bill not being endorsed by Ticken, it was said that Mason could not have stole it; Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Ford
               



             said, there was a something stole, but nothing to go to a Jury; he should commit Mason fully, and me on suspicion; and he said, Ticken had no occasion to trouble himself so much about the bill, as he had not endorsed it, it could be of no use to any person but him; Mr. Walker was still a debtor to him as before.
Mason, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 62,
Spraggs, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 63,





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
