






706. 
               
                  WILLIAM-CLEVELAND 
                  WATSON
               




            , and 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     TOMS
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of July
, a table, value 4s. a Bath-stove, value 12s. an ironing-board, value 1s. two saucepans, value 1s. two tea-kettles, value 3s. five candlesticks, value 1s. a frying-pans, value 6d. four flat-irons, value 1s. a set of fireirons, value 2s. four feather-beds, value 81s. a half-tester bedstead and curtains, value 10s. five pair of blankets, value 3s. three quilts, value 4s. and six chairs, value 6s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Read
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  READ
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  George 
                  Read
               



            , I live at No. 3, Plumber's-row, Whitechapel; my husband was a captain of a ship
, but through infirmity he cannot go out now; I lived in Shakespear's-walk


, and was going to remove to Plumber's-row; Mr. Watson took upon him to assist me in moving; I had bought a mangle, and he told me I must go up to Plumber's-row, for the workmen had left the house, that the door was locked, and they could not get the mangle in,  and he would come with the other goods in the cart, and see them safe up, and would be there as soon as me; I went up, and waited from half-past one, till eight at night, and he never came; I then enquired in the neighbourhood about the goods, and was told they had been gone ever since two o'clock; I went to Holborn to enquire after the cart, because the same cart that brought my mangle, was to bring the furniture; I got some information from the carman's wife; in consequence of which, I went up to Thornhaugh-street, Bloomsbury, to a public-house, and the prisoner Watson came in, and was going to sell the goods; there was a paper made out, owing to my being in trouble, and he persisted in selling my goods, for they were his property.
Q. Had you made them over to him? - A. No, to another gentleman; it was a bill of sale to Mr. Palmer for fifteen pounds, but I never received any money.
Q. Who is Mr. Palmer? - A. I don't know, he is a lawyer, I believe, and as soon as the paper was made out, I was to have it.
Q. Where does he live? - A. I don't know, Mr. Watson knows, they both pretented to be my friends.
Q. When was the bill of sale dated, the 21st or 22d of July, I lost my goods upon the 24th.
Q. What has the woman prisoner to do with it? - A. The woman him upon the road, and assisted in moving the goods.
Q. ARE you sure you never made a bill of sale to this man? - A. No.
Q. Were they to be sold? - A. No. Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Where is your husband? - A. In Guy's-hospital.
Q. Your poor husband don't know anything of this prosecution? - A. No.
Q. He was in Sunderland? - A. No, he came home that day.
Q. You had sent your poor husband down to Sunderland for the benefit of his health? - A. Yes.
Q. And in your husband's absence, you thought proper to make a bill of sale of your goods to Palmer, the broker, and the prisoner? - A. I did not know any thing of his being a broker.
Q. Did he not take that house for you in Plumber's row? - A. No, he did not.
Q. I think you told my Lord you did not know where the prisoner lived? - A. Yes; nor did I.
Q. Upon your oath was he not to have lived with you in that house in Plumber's-row, I will not ask you how? - A. No, upon my oath he was not.
Q. Upon your oath, did you never ask Palmer inwhat way your husband might be arrested for debt? - A. No, I did not; he proposed it himself.
Q.You helped to pack up these goods for him? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you not desire the prisoner to take the goods to Wellclose-Square, in order that it might not be discovered where you were going; and from there to the West end of the town, and from thence to Plumber's-row? - A. No.
Q. Did you never apply to get any body pressed? - A.Never.
Q. You have never applied to get your husband pressed? - A.No; I was advised to get him to sea, to try if it would do him any good; he was out of his element when he was at home.
Q. Has not the prisoner spent almost all his time with you, in the absence of your husband? - A. No, he has not.
Q.When the prisoner was taken up, you found him in company with the other woman? - A. Yes.
Q. And you were very angry? - A. No; why should I be angry.
Q. Did not you say you would prosecute both him and his Scotch bitch? - A. No, I did not.
Q. Did not you offer that if he would leave that woman and come to you, there should be nothing more said about it? - A. No.


                  EDWARD 
                  WELLS
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Baynes, upholsterer and auctioneer, Great Queen-Street: The prisoner, Watson, applied to me to know if I could get him a horse and cart and a porter for the day, to move some goods; he did not say where the goods were to be removed from; I got him a carman and a porter, and they made their bargain, and went with him; I am certain he is the man; on the following morning Mrs. Read came to Mr. Baynes's, and said she had lost her goods; I went with her and found the goods and the prisoner at a public house in Vine-Street; I then loaded the goods again in the same cart, and took them home to Plumber's-row, Whitechapel, for her.
Q. Did the prisoner object to it? - A. Yes, but I do not know that he said any thing particular.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. The man was very drunk at that time? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you hear any Quarrel between Mrs. Read and the prisoner? - A. Yes, before the Justice; but I do not remember what it was.


                  RICHARD 
                  PIERREPOINT
               



             sworn. - I am a carman: 
               Dennis
             the porter and I went with my horse and cart to Shakespear's-walk, and loaded some goods; the prisoner went with us; we took up the goods and we came to Cannon-Street, and then he said he had taken a fresh thought, and desired me to take them to a public-house in Goodman's fields; I delivered the goods there; the next day I took the same goods to Plumber's-row, from out of Vine-Street, St. Giles's.
Q. Do you know any thing of Toms? - A. Yes; I saw her at the public-house in Goodman's Fields, and afterwards at the public-house in St. Giles's.


                  ANDREW 
                  DENNIS
               



             sworn. - I am a porter: I took the mangle to Plumber's-row; after that I went to Shakespear's-walk with Mr. Watson; we loaded the cart with goods; he said they belonged to a lady, and they were to be moved where we carried the mangle to; when we got to Cannon-Street, he said, I think we will take them somewhere else, for somebody may follow them for the taxes; and we took them to a public-house, the sign of the Standard, in Well-street, Wellclose-square; the prisoner Toms was there, up one pair of stairs; she did not say any thing that I heard; I understood that they had sent for somebody about taxes, and then he said, if this is the case, they are my goods, and I will do as I like with them.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WINCH
               



             sworn. - I keep a public-house in Vine-street: On the 25th of July I got up about five o'clock in the morning, and saw a great number of goods in the yard; I thought there had been a fire, and I came down stairs, and saw the prisoner Toms apparently very much distress; she said her husband was just come from sea, that he had taken a house for her; and she had lost him somehow, and could not find him, and did not know where to take the goods to; she said she had been seeking all night for her husband; I took the things in; she went out to seek for her husband, and she came back and could not find him; by and by in came the prisoner Watson, and said, that is my picture, how came you by it; why, says I, if that is your's, I have got other things of your's; I shewed them to him and his wife too; they seemed very much pleased at meeting with each other, and they both went out; and while they went out Mrs. Read came in, and seeing the picture, she said, that is my picture; bless me, thought I, I wonder whose picture it will be next; and she told me she had been robbed of them; I put her up stairs into the dining-room till they came, and when they came I beckoned Mrs. Read down, and she said they were her's; Watson then said he had a bill of sale on them, and would sell them; she said it was no such thing; I then said the picture was mine, and all the things were mine, and I would send to Bow-Street for two officers to determine whose they were, which I did; and then Watson wanted to go away, but I would not let him; they were both taken into custody.


                  FRANCIS 
                  BIDDO
               



             sworn. - I am a broker and appraiser, in Bow-Street, Bloomsbury: The two prisoners came to my house about ten o'clock on the 25th of July, to know if I would buy some goods; I told them I was busy, but I would come as soon as I could; I went in about half an hour, and the prisoner Watson told me had settled his affairs; I toldhim, I was very glad of it, and came away; I never saw the goods.


                  EDWARD 
                  TREADWAY
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: On Friday, the 25th of July, I searched the prisoner, Watson, and found a receipt, and an inventory of the goods that were taken.
Watson's defence. I was employed by Mr. Palmer to remove the goods, and had an authority from him so to do. Mrs. Read has got the paper.
Mrs. Read. (Produces it.) I had this from Mr. Watson. - (It is read.)
"Mr. Watson. Having purchased the goods of"Mrs. Read, beg the favour of you to see them"removed to No. 14, Plumber's-row."
Mr. Alley. That is an authority for him to remove them.
Court. It is no such thing; it is a fraud throughout.
The prisoner Toms was not put upon her defence.
The prisoner Watson called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Toms, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Watson, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 55.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
