





326. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CASTLEDINE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of January
, a Bank Note, value 5l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Cornelius 
                     Neill
                  




               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  CORNELIUS 
                  NEILL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Vaillant. Q. You are a tailor
? - A. Yes.
Q. What countryman are you? - A. An Irishman: On the 6th of January I went to Somerset-house for my wages; I received a 5l. note and a sixpence; when I came out of the Pay Office I saw the prisoner, I am sure he is the man; he said young man you seem to be lame; I said yes, he said he was very sorry for my being so bad; he said he had a brother who died at sea, and he was come up from the country to receive his prizemoney: Upon that he walked along, and a pocketbook dropped before us; he reached to it, and I reached to it, but he had it first; upon that he laid hold of my hand, and said, whatever is in this book is half your's; with that he brought me down Fleet-street to Salisbury-court; we went into the parlour of the Blue Last public-house, in Salisbury-court; there was nobody in the room; sheprisoner called for a pot of beer, or a pot of ale; we had not been in the room two minutes, before another man came in, with a newspaper in his hand; he asked if there was any thing particular between us; he wished to read the newspaper; he did not wish to disturb us: The prisoner pulled out the pocket-book, and opened it; on one side he found a bill, and, on the other side, a diamond cross; he shewed the bill to the gentleman to read; he said the bill was of no consequence to either of us, and kept it; he said the bill was for one hundred pounds; that the diamond was worth the same: The prisoner said, he had a friend in town, and he would go out and get me forty pounds to my share of it; he went out, and, all the time he was gone, the other man was doing me, and trying to get out of me what money I had got: He asked me if I had any money; I, at first, said no; he said, he would not bring any money back with him, and it was bad for me; I had better get some money for him: The gentleman said, he had fifteen pounds that he would help me to; then the prisoner came in, and said, he could not find his friend; he asked me, what money I had got; I said I had got five pounds, and the other man said he had fifteen pounds; that would make it twenty pounds for him, till eleven o'clock the next day when he would sell the cross, and call upon me and settle it between us: He took down my name, and where I lived, No. 63, King-street, Bloomsbury; I gave the five pounds to the prisoner, and the other man gave him some paper; I did not see whether it was notes or not: The prisoner then gave me the cross; the other man came out with me; I left the prisoner at the door, then I went home; I staid at home the next day, expecting him, till half an hour past the time.
Q. How long afterwards was it, before you saw the prisoner? - A. On the 2d of March, I saw him facing Somerset House; his partner, the gentleman who was reading the paper, was with him; I saw him first; they were together, with three or four tailors, up a court; I ran over towards them, and, the moment they saw me, they ran up the court; I went after them and secured the prisoner; I laid hold of both, but I was very lame at the time, and I could not keep them both; I took him to Bow-street, and I was sent from Bow-street to the Lord Mayor, at the Mansion-House: I gave the cross to Mr. Canner.


                  ROBERT 
                  BOONE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You are an officer belonging to Bow-street? - A. Yes; I was present when the prisoner was brought to Bow-street, by the last witness; I searched him, and found a pocket-book, containing a note for one hundred and twenty-five pounds, and a cross; I delivered it to Mr. Canner; Neill produced one cross, and shewed it to Mr. Bond.
Mr. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CANNER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You are one of the City-Marshals? - A. Yes; the prisoner was brought to me at the Mansion-House; I received from the prosecutor this book, containing a cross, and also this bag, and this book; the bag contains some tissue paper, endorsed; and the book contains a receipt and a cross. (The receipt read.)
"London, Feb. 5, 1802.
"Received of the Right Honourable Lady Dupree, the sum of one hundred and twenty-five pounds, for one brilliant diamond cross; by me,
"
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            ,
"Goldsmith and Jeweller."
Court. Has it a stamp upon it? - A. Yes, a two-penny-one.(Mr. 
               
                  Timothy 
                  Roberts
               



            , a jeweller, proved the value of the cross to be about four shillings and sixpence.)
Prisoner. I have nothing to say, but to beg for mercy. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 64.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
