






301. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     SWINNEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     LOWE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Johnson
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of nine at night, on the 28th of February
, and burglariously stealing therein, four curtains, value 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Johnson
                     



.


                  MARGARET 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Johnson
               



            , we keep a lodging house for seamen
, in New Gravel-lane


. 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Swinney
               



             had been a servant
 of mine; I saw the back door open between eight and nine o'clock at night, on the last day of February, and I found the things missing the next morning.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CORDING
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, I live in Ratcliff Highway. On Saturday evening about half past ten o'clock, the prisoner Swinney brought some curtains to pledge; I lent her seven shillings on them. On Monday Mrs. Johnson came and described them, they were brought down to her, she owned them, paid me the money and took them; in the evening the prisoner Swinney was examined at Shadwell office; the two curtains were produced at the office, which I believe to be the same Mrs. Johnson redeemed; I put a mark on them at the office.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer of Shadwell office. On the 1st of March Mrs. Johnson informed me that she had been robbed, she gave me three curtains that she said she had been robbed off; I immediately went and apprehended the prisoner Swinney, I took her to Mr. Cording's shop; he immediately said that was the person that pawned the three curtains.


                  HENRY 
                  MAXWELL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, I live in Shadwell. On the 2nd of March the prisoner Lowe came to my house and brought this curtain to pledge, she told me she found it, I stopped it; I gave charge of her to an officer.
(The property produced and identified.)
Swinney's Defence. On the 28th of February I picked up these three curtains in the Highway, I took them to Mr. Cording. I asked him to lend me the money upon them. That gentlewoman swears they are her things. I believe she keeps a very bad house.
Lowe's Defence. I picked up the curtains in New Gravel-lane.
SWINNEY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.
LOWE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 48.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
