





282. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     STANLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of March
, thirty five yards of baize, value 2 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Watson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Nicholson
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WATSON
               



            . On the 19th of March, about half past six o'clock, Mrs. Nicholson was buying some cups of a woman fronting of the door; a little boy came across the way, and asked me how many pieces of green baize I had at the door; on looking I found one of them was gone; I enquired which way the man was gone, and I followed after him. I came up to him in Wardour street.
Q. What street do you live in. - A. Greek street, Soho, I am a silk mercer and lace man; when I came up to him I asked him where he was going with the green baize; he made no reply, but immediately pitched it from his shoulders, and ran away. I halloed out stop thief, he was secured by Mr. Taunton.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILSON
               



            . Q. How old are you. - A. Twelve last March; I was going by Mr. Watson's at the same time as the four men were; one of them took the baize from under his arm, and ran up the street with it.
Q. Did you see where he got the baize. - A. Yes, from inside the door, I immediately went and asked Mr. Watson how many pieces of baize he had at the door; Mr. Watson said two; I told him there was a man run up the street with one; I told him I saw him turn up Queen street. I did not see him stopped.
Q. Look at the prisoner, was that the man that took it. - A. They all four looked at it.

Q. 
            But he was the man that took it. - A. Yes.
LEWIS HERMEN PENDRICK. On Saturday evening the 19th of March, about half past six, I was coming from my work in Wardour street; I passed down Greek street, within five doors of Mr. Watson's shop; I observed the prisoner and three others with a piece of green baize carrying before them, as if to conceal it.
Q. Which of them. - A. The prisoner at the bar. I waited at the corner of Compton street, to see if any body would pursue the men; I scarce waited two seconds before Mr. Watson ran out of the shop and pursued the men; I waited at the shop till Mr. Taunton, and Mr. Watson brought the prisoner back with the baize.
Q. The prisoner was the man with the baize. - A. Yes.


                  SAMUEL 
                  TAUNTON
               



            . I am an officer; I was passing in Wardour street at the time; hearing the cry of stop thief, and seeing the prisoner running very fast, I stopped him till the prosecutor came up.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to look for a cousin of mine, that worked for a cabinet maker in Oxford road; I went to a public house, and could not meet-with him; I went down Wardour street, I heard the cry of stop thief; I was running with a number of people, that gentleman stopped me; I said I am not the man, I never saw the baize.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
