





808. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     COATES
                  



               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of October
, a feather bed, value 20s. a rug, value 1s. a blanket, value 1s. a bonnet, value 4d. and a pair of stockings, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Egan
                  




               
            .
MARY EGAN sworn. - My husband is 
               
                  William 
                  Egan
               



            , we live at No. 10, Britannia-row Lambeth


: On the 22d of October, the prisoner came into the house; I had seen him about a week before, as I knew his father; he came in, and said he was hungry; I told him there was a bit of meat, that he was welcome to eat of it, and that I would bring in a quartern loaf; I went for it, and to look for my husband; when I came in he was gone, and the candle near out; my husband went in with me;I left the child, about two years and a half old, at home, and I said, Mary, you must go to bed; she said, mamma, we have no bed; I missed a rug, a blanket, the bed, and an old pair of stockings; I was informed he was taken in Holborn; two days after I saw my things again at St. Giles's watch-house; I know them to be mine.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  LINCH
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman in St. Gile's parish; I met me prisoner with another man and a woman in Holborn, after nine at night, on the 20th of October; the other man was carrying the bed, but the prisoner had the barnet; I stopped them both, and asked the man where he was going with the bed; he said it was not his; that the prisoner was the owner of it; the prisoner said it belonged to him, and that he bought it abroad of a soldier's wife; I took them all to the watch house; I found the bonnet under the prisoner's arm, and the stockings in his pocket; the rug was about the bed, and the blanket in it.


                  JOHN 
                  DATTON
               



             sworn. - The prisoner said the bed lay at the Crooked Billet by the Tower for nine weeks, and that the landlord would prove it, and as soon as he came out he would fell it, and pay M'Carthy for the things. - (The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's defence. When the woman was gone for the bread a shipmate of mine called me out to some more of my old shipmates; we stopped at a public-house till nine or ten o'clock, and as I was going home I met a man with a bed, who said he was very much fatigued, and asked me to carry it; I said I was in a hurry, and at the time the watchman came up, and took us all to the watchhouse; I have served with Lord Nelson and Sir John Borlase Warren in all their actions this was.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
