





829. 
               
                  
                     EVAN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of April
, two hundred pounds weight of sugar, value 5l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jeremiah 
                     Ives
                  



               
             the elder
, 
               
                  
                     Jeremiah 
                     Ives
                  



               
             the younger
, 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Echalaz
               



            , and 
               
                  John Green 
                  Bazely
               



            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRIS
               



             sworn. - I live in Featherstone-street, am a dealer in slates, and know the prisoner; he called upon me in May, I believe, and said, I have bought a lot of sugar, being just married, I thought to go into business, but I should be glad now to dispose of it, for I have altered my mind, and will thank you to take a few loaves of sugar of me; I am not sure whether he mentioned the number or not; I said, a few loaves were no object, as he had them upon hand, he might send a few; he said I should have them at a fair market price, but no price was mentioned; about a week after, when I went home, there was the sugar in a bag; there were ten loaves of sugar, my wife paid for it, and I shall know the receipts.(The receipts and bill produced.)
Q. Are those the receipts and list you saw? - A. I cannot swear to the hand-writing; I believe this list is the same.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. I understand you to say, that the sugars were to be sold to you at a fair market price? - A. Yes.
Q. He did not sell them like a thief? - A. By no means.
Q. You know he is a respectable young man? - A. I understood he lived with a merchant, but did not know where; I considered him as a respectable young man.
Q. When he said he would let you have them at a fair market price, your ideas of his respectability did not vanish? - A. By no means.
Q. You will not take upon yourself to say youknow any thing about the receipts? - A. I don't know that I saw them.
Q. Do you know the signature? - A. I do not.
Q. Have you spoken to this list from belief, or from certainty? - A. Only so far, that when I went home there were some numbers and the list, the numbers and the list tallied; I believe it to be the list of the sugar I saw in the house, but have no other opportunity of knowing it, as I did not tally it with the weight.
CHARLES WIDDER sworn. - The firm of the house is Jeremiah Ives the elder, 
               
                  Jeremiah 
                  Ives
               



             the younger, Joseph Echalaz, and John Green Bazeley; I am clerk in the house, and know the prisoner, he was a porter; I know his handwriting, having seen him often write; I have no doubt this list is his writing. (The list read as follows):
Weight of 12 Loaves of Sugar.
No. 1 - 8 1/2 lb.
2 - 9 1/2
3 - 10
4 - 9 1/2 Jones.
5 - 9 1/2
6 - 9
7 - 10 Jones.
8 - 10
9 - 8 1/2
10 - 10
11 - 10
12 - 10 1/2
 116 1/2
At 1s. - 5l. 16s. 3d.
The list itself is Jones's hand-writing, but as to the name against several items I cannot be so positive; I believe the receipts also to be his writing, I have no doubt of it; my masters deal in loaf sugar, and the prisoner attended at their warehouse, in Thames-street.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAPWELL
               



             sworn. - I produce the sugar found at Mr. Harris's.
Mr. Knapp. Q. I understand you cannot identify the sugar?
Mr. Const. A. No, I cannot.


                  SARAH 
                  HARRIS
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of Mr. Harris, and know the prisoner Jones: I received some small loaves from a porter, and the prisoner came some night after and weighed them; he reckoned how much they came to at his own price upon paper, which Mr. Echalaz has got, (the list produced): this is the list he made, and I paid him about a fortnight after, according to his calculation, 5l. 16s. it was rather late, and I thought he wanted the money; so he wrote receipts on four pieces of paper as we could not get a stamp; the list was made out the same night the sale was made, I believe it was in April; we used several of the loaves, the rest were taken away; they were the same we bought of the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BIRCHAM
               



             sworn. - I lived servant with Messrs. Ives and Echalaz last April with the prisoner; I was clerk, and he was warehouseman; sugars were deposited in the warehouse in Thames-street; on the 24th of April Jones opened two hogsheads and took out thirteen loaves of sugar, without authority, belonging to Messrs. Ives, and sent them by Job Dawson, a porter, to the house of Harris, in Featherstone-street: Jones told me they were paid for, and gave me 3l. for my share: in about two months I was accused with it; in order to hide the deficiency in weight we put in a pavement stone and some bricks. and the hogiheads were sent to Hambro'.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. The prosecutors have the good fortune to have you as a principal clerk in their business? - A. I am one of them.
Q. It was your duty to superintend and watch over the conduct of the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Q. The story you have told to-day you have told at two different times in this Court before, have you not? - A. No.
Q.Whether you have not, upon two different trials, given evidence against the prisoner, and he has been acquitted? - A. I have not only once.
Q. And then the Jury acquitted Jones? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you give your evidence before the Grand Jury? - A. Yes.
Q. Was not the bill thrown out? - A. I don't know.
Q. I understood that you said not a word of this till you were accused of the felony yourself? - A. I was accused.
Q. Upon your oath, did you say a word about this business until you and the prisoner were accused of stealing the sugar? - A. No, I did not.
Q. You have received the money however? - A. Yes.
Q. There was no harm in that I suppose? - A. Yes there was.
Q. And yet you pocketed the affront and the money, and thought no harm in putting pavement stones and bricks into your masters' hogsheads that were to be sent abroad? - A. Yes, I did.
Q. You did think it harm, but you did it, and played a fraud on those who were to receive it abroad, yet never mentioned it till you were charged with it? - A. No.
Q. Are you still clerk in the house? - A. Yes.
Q. I give them joy of you. -(Job Dawson was called upon his recognizance.)
Prisoner's defence. I will not trespass long upon the time of the Court. My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury, I stand here the object of most inveterate malice, grounded by the means of Bircham, who, to avoid the arm of justice himself, has takenadvantage of my unfortunate situation, and has endeavoured to saddle me with his guilt; the malice is evident, from the proceedings of the prosecutors last Sessions, who brought forward that young man to swear that two bags of cotton were missing from their warehouses; when, upon a question being put by my learned and able Counsel, Mr. Knapp, he confessed he knew nothing of it, but that his masters told him to swear so; it is clearly malice; also Mr. Echalaz deliberately and coolly told me, Jones, I'll hang you, if it costs me twenty thousand pounds; if there is any greater instance of malice, I don't know what it is; and if this don't do, says he, I will find a method that shall; those were his own words, confessed before every Gentleman on the Bench; I humbly submit, therefore, in consideration of the length of time I have been in trouble, having a pregnant wife, and being myself reduced to the last extremity, from the stigma brought on me, that you will be convinced and satisfied I am not the person they wish to represent me; notwithstanding Bircham has confessed to his robbing them to such an extent, still they retain him in their service, and I, who am innocent of every charge, am become the object of prosecution.
The prisoner called nine witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
