





872. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     ROACH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of October
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hudson
                        




                     
                  , a watch, value 3 l. a key, value 6 d. and ten one pound bank notes his property
            .
WILLIAM HUDSON. I am a bricklayer
.
Q. Where did this happen - A. In the Old Jewry


. On the 12th of October between eleven and twelve in the evening, I was going home, I slipped off the curb, the prisoner came to assist me up; I was rather intoxicated, I felt, that she had got her hand in my pocket, I immediately took hold of her and accused her of robbing me. I called the watchman and he conveyed her the watch house; the constable searched her; he asked me if I could swear to my property; he found six one pound notes, I lost ten and my watch. I have never found my watch.
Q. You never let go of her did you - A. No, I took hold of her immediately.
Q. Did you know any of the notes - A. I told the constable, I had fourteen notes in my possession from 31 m. 9. to 31 m. 22, I had ten one pound notes.
Q. How lately before this woman came to you had you seen them. - A. I had seen them safe, about a quarter of an hour before, in Charles Street, Hatton-Garden.


                  LUKE 
                  WESTON
               



            . I am a watchman of Castle-Baynard Ward; I was going down the Old-Change, Mr. Hudson called, watchman, he said, you take charge of this woman, she has robbed me of ten one pound notes, he said he did not know what he had lost, I conveyed her to the watch-house, the constable searched her, he found a one pound note in her hand, 6 s. 6 d. in her pocket, and on searching further, he found five one pound notes on her person.
Mr. WYAT. I was constable of the night; the prisoner was brought to the watch-house, the prosecutor said she had robbed him of ten one pound notes, I asked her if she had got them, she said she had not, I saw that she had something in her hand, as if she intended to burn it, I caught hold of her hand and took a one pound note out of it I found 6 s. 6 d. in her pocket. I told her to pull off her gown, she did, and flannel round her middle, there was nothing there, she sat herself down again; she said do you think it was concealed before me. I laid her across my lap, and took five one pound notes from her person, the prosecutor said he was robbed of his watch as well as the money. I said the girl has not the watch, I have made a proper search, he said the number of the notes were from 31 m. 9 to 31 m. 22, the one that she had in her hand was 31 m. 9, and the last of the numbers that I looked at was 31 m. 22.
Jury Q. to Prosecutor. You stated that where you were robbed was in the Old Jewry, the watchman states that it was in the Old Change. - A. I know no more than what I understood the watchman to say. I was intoxicated, I find I am wrong: I was going into St. Paul's Church-yard.
Prisoner's Defence. I was just come out of the Borough, as I was crossing over the way, this gentleman was laying down, he holloed out for me to come over, as I came over I picked up the papers, not knowing what they were. I kept them, as any other person might have done; he was in a very indecent manner, he hollowed out for the watchman. I said, what I have picked up, I will not give you. You may rely on that is the truth, if I was to die this moment.



               GUILTY
            . aged 22.




               Transported for Seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
