





390. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniouslystealing on the 28th of May
, six pound weight of wool, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Willan
                  




               
             and company.
Two other counts the same as the former, only varying the manner of charging.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLTON
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are the guard to the Leeds waggon. A. Yes.
Q. On the 27th of May last did you go with the waggon on its passage from Leeds to London. - A. From the Bull and Mouth, London, to Hertford, is my stage.
Q. Who went with you besides. - 
               A. William Low
             the waggoner.
Q. What was your waggon loaded with. - A. There was some packs of wool on the outside; as we were going on a little further than the Cock at Houndsfield, just before we came to the Two Brewers, I saw the prisoner at the bar wiping his boots as he walked along; when I went up to the Two Brewers he asked me if I would have something to drink, I told him no, we were going to stop at the White Hart to water our horses; when we got to the White Hart at Ponder's End he was there, he gave me a glass of ale and the waggoner another, I told the waggoner that man was going to Hodsdon, he had told me so, the waggoner said do not let him ride; we went into the public house, then he gave us part of another pint of ale, the waggoner then was a tankard because he was two pints, he asked him whether he might have a mouthful of meat with us for his supper, he had some; then it was my turn to ride a little way.
Court. You had been on foot before. - A. Yes.
Q. Before he came out of the public house had he told you what he was going to Hodsdon for. - A. Yes, he enquired of Mrs. Littlechild to lend him a bag, she lent him one, he gave her sixpence for it, he said he wanted the bag to put a couple of game cocks in that he was going to fetch at Hodsdon; then I got up and rid, the waggoner told me not to go to sleep, I came from the hind part of the waggon into the hay bag at the front of tht waggon, the waggoner said he would mind the near side if I would look out on the off side; in rather better than a quarter of a mile from the Red Hart he was on the off side filling his bag with wool, I saw him do it, he was pulling out the wool from the side of the pack as the waggon went on, I told my partner to go round and he would catch him at it; he went round and catched hold of him and called me, and I went to him and catched hold of the other side of him, we took him back to Mrs. Littlechild's, the White Hart; I stopped by him there till they sent for a constable.
Q. When you went back to the waggon did you see the place from whence he took the wool. - A. I searched it directly I caught him, I put my arm ever so far, there had been a great deal of wool gone by the vacancy.
Q. How was the prisoner dressed at this time. - A. He was dressed in black, and a pair of boots on.
Q. Had you observed before you came out whether your packs were safe, whether there was any hole in them before. - A. No, there was not.
Cross-examined by Mr. Walford.
Q. How far were you got from London before the prisoner overtook you. - A. I saw him this side of the Cock first, I suppose about seven mile, it was not dark nor light then, with the dust and every thing I could not rightly see him. I only knew he was a man dressed in black.
Q. Upon your oath had not he the appearance of being in liquor when you first saw him. - A. Not as I know of.
Q. Was not you drunk yourself. - A. No.
WILLIAM LOW sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You were the waggoner of the Leeds waggon on the 28th of May. - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember seeing the prisoner at the bar. - A. Yes.
Q. You were called to by the last witness when he was in the hay bag, to go round the waggon to the prisoner, and you would catch him. - A. Yes.
Q. What time of the night was that. - A. About twelve minutes past twelve, we started about twelve o'clock from Ponder's End, this was about a quarter of a mile further, when I went round the waggon and came up to him, he had a bag under his arm, I took hold of his shoulder, I asked him whether he knew what he had been doing of, he said he had not been doing any thing as he knew of, I said I will tell you what you have been doing of, you have been robbing the waggon; he begged and prayed for me to let him go, I took him to the White Hart, Ponder's End, and the bag too, I delivered him into the bar and the bag too to Mrs. Littlechild, and Holton my guard was with him, I went back to my team immediately, I left the bag in Holton's care, I went back to the pack, and I saw it was cut and a great quantity of wool was gone.
Q. Did the prisoner appear to you to be drunk. - A. No.
Q. Do you remember the prisoner applying to Mrs. Littlechild for the bag. - A. Yes, I heard him ask for the bag to put the fighting cocks in.
Court. Did you see her give the bag. - A. Yes.
Q. Was there any thing in it or was it quite empty. - A. Quite empty.
Cross-examined by Mr. Walford.
Q. What sort of a night was this. - A. It was moon light.
Q. What part of the waggon was this hay bag. A. At the fore part.
Q. Was it not in a place that he must have known that he must be seen by the guard if he had attempted to have robbed the waggon. - A. I cannot say.
Court. Could he see the guard in the hay bag. - A. Perhaps he did not know that he was there.
- LITTLECHILD sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You keep the White Hart at Ponder's End. - A. Yes.
Q. That is in the county of Middlesex. - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember the Leeds waggon coming to your house with Holton the guard and the last witness Low. - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember seeing the prisoner at your house. - A. Yes.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before. - A.No, he asked me if I had a bag of any description, he was going to Hodsdon for a couple of fighting cocks, I told him that I did not know that I had oneof that description, he pressed me very much, he said he had brought one from home and he had left it at Newington, I told him there was a bag with a hole in it, I supposed it would hold the fighting cocks, he might give me sixpence for it, and if he returned it I would give him the sixpence again.
Q. You did not let him have any wool in it. - A. There was not any thing in it.
Q. What time was it that waggon left your house. A. It might be past twelve, they returned back in about a quarter of an hour, when Low brought him back, he said this is what the rascal wanted the bag for, I said I am very sorry I lent him the bag; Mr. Low sent Crossingham the constable; the bag and the prisoner were left in my bar, and the same bag was delivered to Crossingham; the bag had two handfuls of wool in it, and two handfuls were taken out of his pocket during the time he sat in the bar.
Cross-examined by Mr. Walford.
Q. Did you see these persons come in. - A. Yes; when they first came up to the door the prisoner came in by himself, and asked for a pint of ale to take out to the waggoner.
Q. Had he the appearance of being in liquor. - A. No, they had two pints, and one pot of ale together.


                  STEPHEN 
                  CROSSINGHAM
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. What are you. - A. I am a constable; I was sent for to the White Hart, I found the prisoner there and there I searched him, this is the wool I found on him (producing it), part of it was underneath his waistcoat and some part of it in the hind part of his breeches and in the crown of his hat; I had a bag delivered to me in the bar, with some wool in it; the prisoner said he was going down to Hodsdon for a couple of game cocks to a person of the name of Cunningham; he had taken that wool to put the cocks in, and he thought it no hurt.
MR. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  HUMPHRIES
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. From your knowledge of Mr. Willan and his firm, what are his partners names. - A.John Willan, 
               
                  James 
                  Nelthorp
               



            , 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Farrington
               



            , 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Barker
               



            , 
               
                  Robert 
                  Sauls
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Brandon
               



            , 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Bowen
               



            , 
               
                  William 
                  Tomlinson
               



            , 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Jackson
               



            , 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Jackson
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Hick
               



            .
Q.(to Low) What is the value of this wool. - A. One shilling a-pound, I think there is about two pound.
Prisoner's Defence. I am extremely sorry to tell you that at the time this misfortune took place I was in a state of inebriety, more to my shame; I can only add that hitherto, and up to this time, I have had a character with reputation; I leave myself to the mercy of the court.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
