





128. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HAYES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of December
 sixteen, yards of printed cotton, value 38s.
             the property of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Craig
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Webb
                  



               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BRYAN
               



             sworn. - I am shopman to Craig and Webb, No. 316, Holborn


: On the 14th of December, about seven o'clock, I was behind the counter, and saw a print drawn from the door; I pursued him, and he dropped it; I saw him by the light of the candle, in the White-hart window, Chancery-lane; he had on a white waistcoat, an apron, and a great-coat.


                  JOHN 
                  PRICE
               



             sworn. - I saw the prisoner run down Chancery-lane, with a piece of cotton dragging along the pavement; I run after him, and he turned into Southampton-buildings; he was taken, and on opening his apron, a shawl dropped from it which we could not find an owner for; he denied it then, but the next day he said, I'll be d - d if this is not the first thing that ever I stole, and should not have done it if I had not been drunk.
(
               
                  William 
                  Day
               



             produced the cotton which was identified.)
Prisoner's defence. On Monday, as I was going along Holborn, some cloth was drawn from the door by some person; there was a person with a white apron and white jacket, looking at it; it hung on my feet, and I stopped to disemangle myself from it; being rather in liquor, and seeing some people coming, I strove to get away; they took me, and I said I never was before a Justice in my life.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before the Lord Chief Baron
