





762. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BRADFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Denning
                     



                  , on the 1st of October
, a cloth coat, value 30s. a seven-shilling-piece, and two one-pound notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Abraham 
                           Webb
                        




.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  WEBB
               



             sworn. - I am a horse-keeper
, and lodge at 
               
                  John 
                  Denning
               



            's, No. 34, Henry-street, St. Luke's


, up two pair of stairs; there were three more lodgers in the same room: I put my money into my box on Wednesday night, and locked it up; all was then safe; on the 1st of this month, I went to take a seven-shilling piece out, and found the box broke open, and my coat and money gone; the prisoner did not return that night; I went to where he said he worked, which was at a coal-shed in Old-street-square, but found he did not work there; on Sunday, between four and five in the afternoon, I saw him in the brickfields the other side of the City-Road; I caughthold of him, and said, you are the lad that broke my box open; he fell crying, and said, he would tell me all about it when he got home; I took him up in the room, and he said he broke it open with the blade of an old knife on Saturday morning; I did not promise it should be better or worse for him; he gave me a duplicate of the coat pawned in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Bradford
               



            ; he said, he never saw the notes.


                  THOMAS 
                  STILES
               



             sworn. - I live with Mr. Marshall, a pawnbroker, No. 30, Barbican, and produce the coat pledged by the prisoner the 1st of this month, between eight and nine in the morning; I lent him twelve shillings, and asked him who he brought it from; he said, from his parents, who lived at No. 97, Golden-lane. (The coat produced and identified.)
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            , aged 14.
Of stealing the coat.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
