





140. 
               
                  
                     JUDITH 
                     GODFREY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Devine
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of six at night on the 24th of January
, and burglariously stealing therein, a tin kettle, value 1 s. three cups and saucers, value 6 d. two china plates, value 3 d. and two basons, value 4 d. the property of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Devine
                     



                  , a coat, value 4 s. and a pair of stockings, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Omash
                  



               
            .
ELIZAETH DEVINE sworn. I am a widow
, I live in Old-court, Hackney-road, Shoreditch


.
Q. Have you the whole house. - A. Only the kitchen. About six o'clock on the 24th of January I went out of an errand (the candles were lighted in the shops), I double locked my door, I was gone about a quarter of an hour; when I came back I saw a number of people at the door, I went up to my door, I saw it open.
Q. Were there any marks of force or violence on the door. - A. The lock was sadly bent with the force; I missed from my room my brother's coat, she had the coat in her hand, and the kettle was down on the ground by her, as she was standing at the door.


                  JAMES 
                  OMASH
               



             sworn. I am the brother of the last witness. About six o'clock in the evening I went up to my sister's room, I found the prisoner standing in the middle of the passage, I went to the door of my sister's room, I found it broken open, I asked her who she wanted, she said she wanted to go up stairs, I told her there was nobody that she wanted up stairs; immediately I entered the room, I saw the chimney piece stripped of all the crockery ware, the coat from off the nail, a tin kettle and a pair of worsted stockings were missing from the room; I came out again, and detected the prisoner in the court, she had then the tin kettle in her hand, with the crockery ware and the worsted stockings; she let the tin kettle fall on the ground and dropped the coat from her; I laid hold of it' and detained her till an officer was sent for, my sister took the kettle when she come up; I produce the coat, it is my coat, and the stockings are mine.
Prosecutrix. Here is the crockery and kettle, I know they are mine.


                  PETER 
                  MASON
               



             sworn. I am an officer, I was sent for to take charge, that is all I know.
Prisoner's Defence. I was very much in liquor, that is how I had the misfortune to go into the dwelling house. I have two fatherless children, my husband is serving his king and country, that man is not her brother, he only lives with her.
GUILTY, aged 25.
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
