





562. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SPENCER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Mildred
                     



                  , the said John, and other persons, being therein, about the hour of eleven, in the forenoon of the 10th of July, and feloniously stealing five yards and three quarters of silk, value 26s. part of a muslin gown, value 1l. 11s. 6d. and two cotton gown tails, value 6s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Salt
                  



               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  SALT
               



             sworn. - I am a watch-pendant maker
, No. 75, West-street, West-Smithfield


; I lodge in the house of 
               
                  John 
                  Mildred
               



            , he lives in the house; he has the same communication to his apartments that I have: On Thursday last, the 10th of July, I left the room, and left the key in the door, for the convenience of attending a bit of meat that I had roasting, and went up stairs into the garret to work; I am sure I locked the door; I was up stairs about a quarter of an hour, and when I came down I found the room-door wide open.
Q. Was Mildred himself at home? - A. Yes, and a lodger up in the garret; just as I entered the room-door, my wife was entering it too; upon inquiring of Mildred, we entertained a suspicion of the prisoner; we went to the pawnbrokers to give information, and then we were going to Rosemary-lane, and in our way there, we met with the prisoner at the bar, in Chiswell-street; my wife accosted her, and asked her if she was going to our apartments, she was then buying fruit at a greengrocer's; she said, yes, in half an hour, will that do; we walked with her to the end of Grub-Street, and when she had turned the corner she ran away; I ran after her, laid hold of her, and brought her to our own apartments; I fetched Cartwright, the constable, who insisted that my wife should search her, I did not see her searched; after the search, my wife brought two duplicates into the room, one of them led to the gown-tail and the silk; she confessed where the muslin gown was.


                  DOROTHY 
                  SALT
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Salt
               



            , I am a mantua-maker: I went out upon business between eleven and twelve o'clock in the forenoon, and I returned about ten minutes or a quarter after twelve; upon missing the things we made inquires, in consequence of which we suspected the prisoner; after that, going down Chiswell-street, we met with the prisoner buying fruit; I asked her if she was coming to have the body of her gown pinned on; she said, yes, in the course of half an hour, if that would do; I told her, yes; then she came out of the house, and when she got to the corner of Grub-street she ran away; my husband pursued her, and took her home to our lodgings; we sent for Cartwright, the officer, and I searched her; I found upon her two duplicates, that was about half past three o'clock; one of the duplicates was for one of the gowns, and the silk.
Q. Whereabouts did you find the duplicates? - A. As she was untying her petticoats they dropped from the side of her; I delivered the duplicates to the officer; I found the property at the pawnbroker's.
DANIEL CARTWRIGHT sworn. - I am an officer of the City: I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner, the duplicates were delivered to me, (produces them); the prisoner began to lament, and said, the devil possessed her; I then went with her, and found this muslin dress, in Ball-court, Fan-street; there is half a breadth of it missing.


                  ROBERT 
                  EVRINGTON
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Burrows, a pawnbroker, in Barbican, (produces a cotton gown-skirt, and five yard and three quarters of silk); I took them in of the prisoner; I had seen her before, I am sure she is the person.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  RIOBY
               



             sworn. - I am mantuamaker, in Bell-yard: I met with the prisoner by chance; she brought me this white gown to alter, it was to be done by eight o'clock in the evening.
Q. Is cambric and muslin the same thing? - A. Sometimes it is called cambric, and sometimes muslin; I told her I would do it; she brought it, but with only one sleeve; I asked her where the other was; she said, was not it there; and I said, no; then she said she must have lost it, for she recollected putting into the corner of her handkerchief, as she came along; she was to come again at eight o'clock in the evening to have it fitted on, that was on Thursday last, the 10th of July; she brought it to me about one o'clock at noon.


                  JOHN 
                  MILDRED
               



             sworn. - I keep the house in which Mr. Salt lodges: I was standing at my own shop-door when the prisoner came past me in the shop, on Thursday last, between eleven and twelve at noon; she was gone about three minutes; she came down again with something in her lap, and went out very sharp; Mrs. Salt came home soon after, and went up stairs; I heard her scream; I went up to inquire what was the matter; she said, she had been robbed; I described the prisoner toher; and that is all I know about it. (The property was deposed to by Mrs. Salt).
Mrs. Salt. She brought me a gown to make for her on the Wednesday before, and she took the tail of it away with the rest of the things, here is the remainder of it. (Produces it.)
Prisoner's defence. A stranger to me asked me to pledge the tail of the gown and the silk for her, which I did for eight shillings, and Mrs. Salt said, if I would give her the money to take them out, she would not hurt me, and I gave her eight shillings out of my own pocket; the white dress I bought of the same person for seven shillings and sixpence.
GUILTY (Aged) 16.)
 Of 


               stealing goods, to the value of 39s. but not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
