







432. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HILL
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     CONNELLY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LACEY
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Porter
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of seven in the afternoon, on the 3d of August
, and feloniously stealing therein one shirt, value 1 s. 6 d. a shift, value 1 s. 6 d. one apron, value 1 s. a child's cloak, value 1 s. a half handkerchief, value 6 d. and a snuff-box, value 6 d. the property of the said 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Porter
                     



.


                  RICHARD 
                  PORTER
               



             sworn. - Q. Where do you live? - A. In Great Ealing parish


, I keep a house there: On the 3d of August, between four and five o'clock, I and my wife went out to harvest work; my wife locked the door; my son and daughter went into the country to harvest work for a month; we returned about half past nine o'clock, it was light; when we returned, I found they had broken through a window that had been lathed and plastered up, and the old window in between, they broke through that; the door was locked when I got home; I unlocked the door, and went into the house.
Q. Did you perceive any thing missing? - A. Yes, a shirt and a shift, and my wife's apron, and a little girl's shift and gown, and a half handkerchief; they were all lying on the dresser when I went out; my wife left them there.
Q.Did you do any thing to discover who had broke into your house? - A. A gentleman pursued after them when they got out of the house, and brought the men to the house just as I got home from work.


                  SARAH 
                  PORTER
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of the last witness; I went out with my husband on the morning of the 3d of August, and we went home together.
Q. What had you left on the dresser? - A. A shirt, a shift, an apron, a little gown, a little girl's shift, and a snuff-box; they had broken a place in the kitchen that was lathed and plastered over a window, and they had turned the cradle upside down.
Q. No child's cloak? - A. No.


                  SAMUEL 
                  GREENHILL
               



             sworn. - On the 3d of August, I was coming home from the harvest field, and I saw two men going over Richard Porter's garden gate.
Q. Who were the two men? - A. Connelly and Lacey; I only saw those two go over the garden-gate; after that I saw them come back; the other one was in the lane by the house, his name is Hill; after that I saw the same two go over the gate again; Hill remained in the lane; I saw them come from the house, and get over the garden-gate, and they all three went from the garden together; one of them had a bundle, I cannot say which, I was too far off; by knowing of Porter and his wife, I went into the garden to see what they had been doing of, and I saw a place broke where there was a window at the back of the house. Seeing it had been forced open, I looked, and saw one of the Duke of Kent's men angling in our river; I told him what I had seen, and asked him if he had seen them pass; he said he had; I then asked him if he would go in pursuit of them with me; he was on the other side of the river; I directed him over the river, and he came to me directly; we went in pursuit of them; there were some of Mr. Chapman's men pitching some hay up in a field, and they came with us; the prisoners took through a field where they were reaping wheat, and fromthere into the Duke of Kent's pleasure-ground, and there Hill and Connelly were taken.
Q. Did they run through the reaping-field? - A. Yes; I hollaed out stop thief, and they said it was a press-gang that made them run; the other was taken not far from the Duke of Kent's ground.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHURCHMAN
               



             sworn. - I went the other way in search of them; they were taken before a Magistrate, and searched.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARDING
               



             sworn. - I am in the service of the Duke of Kent: I was fishing at the bottom of Porter's garden, about twenty yards from the house; Mr. Greenhill called to me, he shewed me a way over the river, and we went in pursuit of them; I saw two of them taken; I saw them all running as hard as they could from us; Mr. Greenhill called out stop thief.
Q. When you saw Lacey taken, did you see whether he had any thing in his hand? - A. He had not at that time; I ran after them; I picked up a snuff-box, it lay in the track they had been running; I did not see it drop.


                  JOSEPH 
                  RAMSROW
               



             sworn. - Were you present when the three prisoners were pursued? - A. We were reaping in a field when they came past; I asked them how Burdett came on; they said Burdett was thirty a head on the day's poll; directly after there came along a man with a pitch-fork, his name is 
               
                  Charles 
                  Crow
               



            , Mr. Chapman's carter; he asked me if I saw them go along; I told him they were about a hundred and fifty yards before him; he said 
               
                  Richard 
                  Porter
               



            's house was broke open; I said, is it true; he swore it was; I went with him, and assisted in the pursuit; the first thing I saw, when we were in sight of them, was a child's shift they had taken, it lay in the road; I picked it up, and put it in my pocket; they were then running; I saw a bundle drop from one of them as they got along the path; I will not say who it dropped from then; Lacey had the bundle when they passed me in the field; I ran by the bundle; one threw himself into the hedge; I did not stop for him, I ran after the other two into the Duke of Kent's garden, where I found them among the bushes; I collared them, and held them till I had assistance, which was not long.
Q. What are the names of them? - A.Connelly and Hill.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHURCHILL
               



             sworn. - I was reaping at the bottom of the field; the prisoners at the bar said to me, young man, you are a cutting it up; I said, I am; they made a bit of a stop, and William Hill said to the other two that stopped, come forward immediately; they went forward; in the course of two or three minutes there came a man with a pitch-fork, I cannot say his name, and he said they had broken Porter's house open.
Q. When Hill desired the others to come forward, did they run? - A. They walked about twenty yards, and then they made a run of it, and got over the stile, one man threw himself into the hedge; I, by the desire of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Ramsrow
               



            , ran after them, the other two went into the Duke of Kent's garden, they were taken; I immediately found this man lying on his back in the ditch by the hedge, I called to him to come out of the ditch, I told him if he would not come out I would chop the briars away and fetch him out; I began chopping the briars away with my reap-hook, he then got up, and I laid hold of him, and took him to the Magistrate.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



             sworn. - I was pursuing, the same as the rest, and I picked up a bundle, I saw it drop from one of them, but which I cannot say, I picked it up, and went after them, I took it to Mr. Glasse; I was not in the room when it was given to the constable.
THOMAS JAKEYN sworn. - I am the constable: Dr. Glasse sent for me to take the prisoners into custody. (The property produced, and identified by 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Porter
               



            .)
Hill's defence. I was in town the morning before, I was out of work, I went along with a young man to seek after work; we went to Brentford, and we were told there was a nigher way to town across the fields; that was a bundle of mine I had, it contained three dirty shirts; as for being in his house to transact any robbery I know nothing about it.
Connelly's defence. I am a bricklayer, and being out of work I was seeking after a job, and coming across the fields we saw these men running; I asked a man what they were running after, he said he believed it was a press-gang; as to the property that has been sworn to, I know nothing about it.
Lacey's defence. I had been at Brentford after the election, I saw some men running as I went across the fields, I heard it was a press-gang; I had been at sea about seven years before, so I run; I had a bundle with me of my own.
Hill, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 24.
Connelly, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
Lacey, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 23.
Of stealing only.






               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
