





59. 
               
                  
                     JOHN PATRICK 
                     NOWLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of November
, forty yards of woollen-cloth, value 10l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Britten
                  




               
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  BRITTEN
               



             sworn. - I am a packer
, at No. 20, Basinghall-street


; I missed about forty yards of Woolen cloth, in different pieces; the prisoner is servant
 to Mr. Martin, who has an accompting house on my premises; the cloth was taken out of a little warehouse over Mr. Martin's, which was not locked.


                  THOMAS 
                  MARTIN
               



             sworn. - I am a broker, in the spanish wool line, and had an accompting-house at Mr. Britten's; the prisoner was my apprentice: On the 6th of November, about a quarter before three o'clock, I was going to Change; he asked me if I should he back again before'Change was over; I said I did not suppose I should; and if any body should call, to send them to me; I went as far as Coleman-street, and having forgot something, I went back, and going to the street-door, I met the prisoner with a parcel under his arm; I asked him where he was going; he turned round, and went up stairs; he threw the parcel, which was in brown paper, into a chair; I opened it, and found a piece of green cloth, about five yards; I asked him where he got it; he said of a gentleman in Basinghall-street, named Hayward, a repectable Blackwell-hall factor; he said Mr. Gayward wanted him to buy it, and as he had not money to pay for it, he was then going to return it; on which I went to Mr. Hayward, and took the prisoner with me; Mr. Hayward, said he had not had it of him; the prisoner then said he had it of another man, named Danies, a porter at a house I deal with; eight or ten days after, Mr. Britten was at his door, and from what he said, I shewed him the piece of cloth I had found on the boy, and he claimed it as his.

Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. The prisoner was apprentice? - A. Yes.
Q.You have a brother? - A. I have.
Q. Is he is this country? - A I don't know where he is.
Q. He came to your house sometimes? - A. He did.
Q. And he had some connection with the prisoner? - A. So I understand.
Q. And is unfortunately implicated in this transaction? - A. It seem so from the account the prisoner gives.
Q.Don't you know he has gone away on account of it, don't think I mean to offend you in putting these questions, as I know you to be a very honourable man? - A. I suppose he is gone away, from my not being able to find him.
Q. Do you recollect his being searched and dulicates being found on him? - A. I examined him myself, and found some, according to the account of the prisoner; I asked him how he came by them, he said the prisoner had sent them to him.
Q. Did you ever find him in company with the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Mr. Alley. Q.(To Mr. Britten) You have other servants who have access to this warehouse? - A. I have.
Court. Q. What is the value of the cloth? - A.About twenty five shillings.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FALKENER
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Crouch, a pawnbroker, in Fore street; I produce about five yards of cloth pawned by the prisoner on the 4th of November - (the piece of cloth produced, and identified by Mr. Britten.)
Prisoner's defence. I was desired by Mr. Martin's brother to pawn the goods, and to give him the money, which I did. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. recorder.
