





354. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of February
 ten yards of Irish linen, value 30 s. a shirt, value 10 s. eight squares of muslin, value 28 s. three squares of lawn, value 12 s. a yard of diaper, value 2 s. seven pair of stockings, value 24 s. and a square of cambric, value 14 s. the property of Samel Hoskins, in his dwelling house
            .


                     SAMUEL 
                     HOSKINS
                  




               
            . I am linen draper
, I live in Shadwell High-street, in the parish of St. Paul, Shadwell


, I keep a house there, my shop is part of that house, the prisoner was my shopman. On the 17th of February I was in a little room adjoining my shop; the prisoner slept in the shop, his bed was under the counter, and his box was kept under the counter; as I came out of the room adjoining the shop I saw him at his box, when he looked up his countenance altered; I suspected him, I sent him out of an errand; he went and I searched the box; the box was left open, and the key in it. The first thing I saw was a paper parcel containing a piece of Irish; the prisoner came in in about ten minutes; I looked no further in the box then. I put the piece of Irish in the box as I found it. When he returned I told him if he wanted to go out he had better go soon - he had asked me on the preceding evening to go out as the next evening to the Minories - I went into my little room, in order to give him the opportunity of taking this piece of Irish cloth out if he chose it; I saw him go behind the counter, and I heard the noise of the box lid; he went out; I went to the box again, I found the piece of cloth was gone; I directly went after him, but could not find him; I returned back to my shop, and then I examined the box farther; my lad Thomas Stevens and Mr. Butler were in the shop. Upon examining it I found some squares of muslin, some squares of lawn, and a square of French cambric, then I told the boy to go and fetch an officer; I did not search the box thoroughly. The prisoner returned about half past nine o'clock; I asked the prisoner where he had been to, he said to the Minories; I told him I thought it was very odd I could not find him. I had gone in a direction to that way; he then paused and begged pardon, and said he turned up Union-street; I asked him what he had done with the piece of cloth he had taken out that evening, he said he had taken it to a woman to be made up, he said he had bought it before he came to me; I told him I must beg his pardon, I thought it was cut from a cloth that we had on the shelf, that I had compared that piece of cloth with the piece of cloth on the shelf, and the quantity of cloth and the fold corresponded with it; I had so done when the prisoner was out; he said it never was my property; then I called him into the shop to look at the other things, I had taken them out of his box and laid them on the counter; he told me he had cut these things off and put the money in the till; I told him that it was a thing very unusual in the trade, and what any honest young man would never have thought of.
Q. When did you find any stockings - A. The next morning; I had not searched the box thoroughly that evening; he was taken in custody that evening; the next morning I found about five or six pair of stockings; I asked him where he got these stockings from; he said he bought them in the country; I told him I did not think that possible; because they had my marks on them; but he had altered my marks; he said nothing to that.
Q. Did you ever get again any piece of Irish cloth that you had seen - A. Yes; I went the next morning to Mrs. Harris's with the officer, in Red-gate-court, in the Minories; Mrs. Harris delivered it to me; we found two other shirts at this woman's house that we had no idea of; the cloth he had taken out of our house to this woman's house, to make the shirts. The piece of Irish, she gave me, that he had taken the over night.We went to another person's house; Mrs. Harris sent her son after us with a shirt that was made up, that shirt had my private mark on it; the lad said I was desired to call at his mother's; on our return to Mrs. Harris she produced another shirt partly made up.
Q. Was the piece of cloth that you got back in the same state as when you saw it in the prisoner's box - A. Yes, in the same state.
Q. Then these shirts must have been from some other cloth - A. Yes.
Q. The diaper, you have said nothing about that - A. That I put on the counter; I put all these things in the box again.
Mr. Knapp. You say this young man has been with you about three months; he came to you with a good character - A. Yes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUTLER
               



            . Q. We understand you are a neighbour of Mr. Hoskins's - A. Yes.
Q. He sent for you this evening - A. Yes; I saw a number of articles spread on the counter; when the prisoner came in Mr. Hoskins put a question to him respecting the Irish linen; he said he had taken it to some person to make up, and that it was his own property prior to his coming to Mr. Hoskins, and with respect to the other articles, he said he had cut them off and put the money in the till; the stockings were not there at that moment, but when we came before the magistrate the next day they were produced. Mr. Hoskins identified them by his mark; he observed it was in some measure altered, but he was confident they were his property.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a police constable; I was sent for to Mr. Hoskins's, the prisoner was given into my charge on the night of the 17th of February, about ten o'clock; I went the next morning with Mr. Hoskins to Mrs. Harris's; she lives in Wild-court, it comes into Red-gate-street; she produced a piece of Irish cloth and a piece of cambric, to make a frill; I went to another house, a little boy came after me with a shirt. I told him to take it back to his mother, Mrs. Harris, that was done; I went back to the mother, she gave me the shirt; she told me that she had another shirt partly made; I got that from Mrs. Harris, and I took a pair of stockings from the prisoner's feet at the office. Mr. Hoskins looked at them and thought they were his.
SUSANNAH HARRIS. I live at No. 15, Wild-court, it comes into Redgate-street. I knew the prisoner by living with Mr. Smith, a linen-draper in the Minories, about two months ago. The prisoner asked me if I knew any body that would make him some shirts; I told him I did; he brought me cloth to make two shirts. On the 17th of February, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, he brought a piece of Irish cloth, and a bit of cambric for a frill, to make another shirt; I never opened it; I delivered it to Mr. Brown in the same state as it was when the prisoner delivered it to me.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. When I went to Mr. Hoskins's first I bought some stockings of him, whether it was one, two, or three pair, I cannot recollect now; at that time I gave him a profit upon these things; he mentioned at the time that what things I wanted in his shop I might have without any profit; and as for the Irish cloth, when I came from Mr. Smith he sold off his stock in trade, and when he was selling off his Irish by auction I bought a piece of twenty six yards; and the cloth which Mr. Hoskins claims is a part of that. Mr. Hoskings had a good character with me, that he cannot deny.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 23.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty shillings only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
