





281. 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 1st of March
, a coat, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Louisa 
                     Manners
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  PEARMAN
               



            . I am servant to lady


                  Louisa 
                  Manners
               



            ; she is a widow
 lady.
Q. When did you lose this coat or how. - A. On the 1st of March it hung behind the stable door in Mason's-yard, Duke-street, St. James's


.
Q. Are you coachman. - A. Yes; I left the coat there when I went out at three o'clock in the afternoon, and when I came in at half past six I found the coat gone. The prisoner at the bar was the first man that came into the stable after I came; I asked him if he had seen my surtout coat, he said he saw it there at four o'clock in the afternoon; he said he saw nobody take it away; he is a servant
 to Mr. Dean, the hackneyman, in the yard. The next morning I found him in the stable, cleaning one of my horses; I said to Mr. Dean it is very odd who took my coat, the prisoner looked very much confused, I taxed him and another about it; I asked him where he lodged, he said at first in Pall-mall, but he did not know the name nor the number, and then he said he lodged in Titchfield-street. I told them I would take them to Marlborough-street and put them upon their oaths, and make them swear whether they knew any thing or not of the coat; then I went to breakfast. I left word with two men in the yard not to let him go to breakfast without watching him; a man that is here watched him and brought him back with the coat. He came up to me and said, coachman, I did take your coat, but I hope you will not hurt me; I told him no, I would not, I would give him what the law would allow him.


                  JOHN 
                  AYRES
               



            . I am groom to Mr. Stepney. I watched the prisoner from Mason's yard to the Lemon-tree the corner of the Hay-market; he stopped there about twenty minutes; I watched him from there; when he came out to Buckingham-court, Charing Cross. He went into a public house, he waited there ten minutes, and then he came out with the coat on his arm; I laid hold of him and told him it was the coachman's coat; he said he knew it was; he was going towards Westminster with the coat.
(The property produced and identified.)
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
