





442. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of May
, a gown, value 5 s. a shawl, value 4 s. four pair of stockings, value 4 s. a pair of boys stockings, value 1 s. 6 d. two aprons, value 1 s. 6 d. and an apron, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Bellendine
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  BELLENDINE
               



            . I live at No. 2, Holborn court


, I take in washing
. On the 26th of May, at five o'clock in the afternoon, I went up stairs to have a cup of tea, and in the time I was up stairs I lost all my clothes; they were all tied up together; I left them in the back kitchen.
Q. How long had you been up stairs - A. Twenty minutes.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  CUMMINGS
               



            . I belong to the East India company's warehouse. On Thursday the 26th of May the prisoner came into the passage of the house where I live, which is next door to the prosecutrix. I thought I heard something in the passage; I opened the door to see; she was standing there; I asked her what she wanted; she asked for a Mrs. Mills; I told her no such person lived there, nor never had; she said she supposed she came to the wrong house; she went away. In about five minutes afterwards I was standing near the window, I saw her go by with a bundle before her; I thought directly that she had been doing of something what has proved she had been doing of; I directly went to the street door to take particular notice of her dress and her person as high as I could, in case any thing should happen; in about half an hour the alarm was given that this person had lost her things; I told her what I had seen, and advised her to go to the pawnbrokers to stop them.
ELIZABETH BELLENDINE. Q. Are you daughter to the other witness - A. Yes. I went up stairs, and a girl that lives in the next kitchen came up to me, and says your mother has been robbed again. I found it was true. Cummings said have you been robbed; he told me the description of a person he had seen; he advised me to go to the different pawnbrokers; I went to Mr. Lee, the pawnbroker; I described the things; he said he had just taken such things in, and when I saw them I knew them to be my mother's things; Mr. Lee detained her when she came to pledge the apron and shawl; he came to my mother and shewed her them.
MR. LEE. I am a pawnbroker; I live at No. 48, Broad street, Bloomsbury. On the 26th of May, about five o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner pledged a bundle of things with me for five shillings in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smith
               



            ; as I was going to tie them up, she said she wanted a half shawl out of the bundle; shortly after the last witness came and asked me if I had taken in such things; I said I had; she took some out, she wanted them to carry home; the prisoner came the next day to pledge the half shawl and apron; I wentto Mrs. Bellendine, and told her I had detained the prisoner.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the person - A. I was not quite positive to her person; I said to her are they your own, she said yes, they were all her own, her name was 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smith
               



            .
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. Last Friday was a week I was going for some thread in Broad street, St. Giles's; a woman said she would give me sixpence to go into that gentleman's shop to pledge the handkerchief and apron. He asked me if they were my own, I said no, the woman was out of doors that they belonged to; he asked me to stop till he fetched the woman in that gave me the handkerchief and apron. If I had gone the day before it is not likely that I should have gone there the next day if I had known the things were stolen.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
