





337. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of March
, two fore wheels, value 3 l. 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bushnell
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Williams
                  



               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BUSHNELL
               



             sworn. - On Monday morning, the 25th of March, I found the door of my premises broke open, in the Bayswater-road


: They are premises that we have to put the carriages and the wheels in till we get them painted. I only know that I got the wheels back again.


                  EDWARD 
                  WILLIAMS
               



             sworn. - I live by the side of Mr. Bushnell's premises, where the wheels were taken from; I saw the prisoner and another man, on Monday morning, the 25th of March, coming from the premises of Mr. Bushnell with the fore wheels.
Q. Did you know the person of Davis? - A. Yes, and the other was 
               
                  Charles 
                  Oliver
               



            , each of them had a fore wheel; this was a little after six o'clock; they were about twenty yards from Mr. Bushnell's premises; when I first saw them, when they saw me, they were very much shocked; I work for the same master; they were ashamed to see me; one stooped down to tie on his shoe, and the other endeavoured to hide himself, taking the flap of his long coat up, holding it so. I did not know that they were doing any thing that was indecent till afterwards; the premises were searched and found to be broke open; Mr. Bushnell came to me, and I told him what I had seen.
Q. Are you sure that the two persons you saw roll the wheels along were the prisoner and Oliver? - A. Yes, they went up Park-lane, both in one direction; when I came to look at the premises, the boards were broken down.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You knew Davis very well? - A. Yes, he is a wheelwright: I saw the felloes for him.
Q. All the opportunity you had of seeing the wheels was, you were in the road, and they were on the foot-path? - A. Yes, I was at the gate paying the toll for my ass; I saw they were coloured a light colour, I did not search into them.
Q. Can you undertake to say, that at the time you first saw them, they were coming from Mr. Bushnell's premises? - A. I did not see them come out; I saw them as soon as they were out in the road.
Court. (To the prosecutor.) Q. What is the value of these two fore wheels? - A. They cost us three guineas before they were painted.


                  JOHN 
                  ELLSTONE
               



             sworn. - Q. Do you know the prisoner Davis? - A. I have seen him before, I know him by sight.
Q. Had he ever any dealings with you about any fore wheels of a coach? - A. I never made any agreement with him in my life; I bought them of Oliver on Monday, and I sent them back about Friday or Saturday.
Q. What Monday was it? - A. I know it was on a Monday.
Q. Do not you know quarter-day - what time of the day was it? - A. About eleven o'clock.
Q. When had you seen Oliver before? - A. On the Friday, when I bought the hind wheels of him; I had not seen him before on Monday.
Q. Had you seen Davis before on that day? - A. I saw Davis when I paid 
               Oliver
             the three guineas for the wheels, on Monday, in the tap-room; we both went together to the public-house that I use in the street.

Q. How came you to pay him in the public-house rather than in your own house? - A. Oliver took me to the public-house, and there I paid him.
Q. You sat down and drank with him? - A. I do not think that I drank, I think there was a pot of beer called for, I sat down of course with him to pay him the money, I had not sat down above two minutes before I paid him the money.
Q. Who sat in the same box with you and Oliver? - A. Haycroft, a master wheelwright; the prisoner sat in the other box, on the opposite side.
Q. Did you speak to him? - A. No, I did not.
Q. Did Oliver speak to him? - A. There was some of the silver that he rather disputed, and he called that man to see whether it was good; Davis said the silver was very good, and Oliver put it into his pocket; then he went and sat down in his former place; he sat by himself all the time I was there; I was not in the place above seven minutes altogether; I never saw Oliver before I bought the hind wheels of him.
Q. Then Davis, besides being called to see whether the silver was good or not, had no conversation with Oliver? - A. No, it did not shew to me that he had any connection with Oliver at that time.
Q. Are you sure that you returned to Mr. Bushnell the very same two fore wheels that Oliver sold to you? - A. I did not take them home myself; Mr. Bushnell declared them to be the wheels that he lost; Oliver came down to me, and said, take care of those wheels, I have stolen them, and then he set off as fast as he could; the wheeler was then boxing them on.
Q. What did you give for the hind wheels? - A. Three guineas and a half; they declared to me they sold them for a person in distress.
Q. How came you to give no more than three guineas and half for the hind wheels, and give three guineas for the fore wheels? - A. It appeared to me that there was a great deal more iron on the fore wheels than there were on the hind wheels.
Jury. Q. There cannot be more iron on the fore wheels than there are on the hind? - A. I was recommended by my own wheeler that they were sold entirely for distress.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Oliver was the person you agreed with, and the man who avowed to you he was the thief? - A. It was so.
Q. You never agreed with the prisoner, nor never saw him at the time you bought the wheels? - A. He was at the public-house.
Q. Had you any conversation with Davis about the wheels? - A. No.
Court. Q. Who was the third person in the box with you? - A. Haycroft.
Q. Did Oliver apply to Haycroft for his judgment on the silver? - A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PETHERICK
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: I apprehended the prisoner at the public-house in Marlborough-street; he told me he was come to inquire after some man that was apprehended about some wheels; I told him I believed, through Oliver's interest, the matter would be squashed; I looked at Davis very hard, and, through the information that I had, I thought he was the man that I wanted; I said, is your name Davis; he said, yes, it is; you are a wheeler, are you; he said, yes, I am; then I said to him, you are the person that I want; O, said he, it is all very well, I am come to clear myself up with it; I took him before the Magistrate; I went to the place where the wheels were sold; I produce one box of each wheel, which I took out of Mr. Ellstone's coach-house.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. So the prisoner at the bar, who is now charged with stealing these articles, found his way to this public-house, where he might be apprehended? - A. He was there.
Q. He acknowledged that his name was Davis, and that he was a wheelwright, after you had the conversation with him that Oliver would squash the business? - A. I did say so.
Q. You had been looking for him three days, and at the end of the three days you found him at the public-house where the people are put before they are examined? - A. Yes.
Court. Q. You had been looking for him two or three days? - A. I went one day to Turnmill-street, Clerkenwell, looking for him.
Q. Did you know where he worked? - A. I believe he left his place of work after this, I was informed so, I should have been very glad to have waited on him if I had known where to find him.
Q.(To Prosecutor.) When was it that the two fore wheels were brought back to you? - A. I think on the Friday following.
Q. Are you sure that these wheels which were brought back to you are the same wheels that were stolen from you? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you afterwards go with a constable, and with a search warrant, to Ellstone's? - A. Yes, and I took away the boxes belonging to the wheels; I can speak positively to the boxes; I went after the prisoner to Mr. Hudson's, his master, where he worked (the prisoner worked for the man who made my wheels); I went after Oliver too; I never succeeded in finding him; I am sure they are my boxes by sitting the arm; they are made on the arm to fit, when they are hot; they will not fit another gentleman's carriage; it might happen that they might fit a hackney-coach; I will swear they are my boxes.
Prisoner's defence. Please you my Lord, I am innocent of the charge.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
