





39. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TWINEHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 6th of November
, two rudder chains, value 7 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Moffat
                  




               
            , Esquire
, and
Two other counts for like offence, only varying the manner of charging them.
The case was stated by Mr. Alley.


                  THOMAS 
                  WALKER
               



            ; examined by Mr. Alley. You are a police officer. - A. I am. On the 6th of November, at half past ten at night, I was in a boat along with Warwick. I asked the prisoner what he had got in his boat, he said a log of wood, he got up and shewed it me; I looked into the boat, I saw a rudder chain, I searched the boat fore and aft; I found it under the benches concealed; he said he had it from a ship at Woolwich, he said he was going to carry it to a coppersmith's. I asked him if he had got a note from the captain, or the owner of the ship, he said no; I then took him into my boat, I asked him where he got it, and to tell me the truth; he said he picked it up under the wall of Woolwich. I took him and the chain up to the office; I searched him, he said he had got nothing but money in his pockets; in his pocket I found that knife, and these two forelocks, one is copper and the other is composition metal, they are to fasten into bolts, to fasten on the chain. The bolts were found in the boat.
Mr. Knapp. I suppose if any body had been in the boat they could have seen it. - A. Yes.


                  ROBERT 
                  WARWICK
               



            ; examined by Mr. Alley. You are also a police officer. - A. I am. After we brought the chain out of the boat, I heaved the water out, I lifted up the boards and found the shackles. Larway found the bolts.


                  THOMAS 
                  BOYD
               



            . I am a gunner. I have the care of the ship the Celia Castle


.
Q. Who is the captain. - A. Captain 
               Loch
            .
Q. Do you know the owner's name. - A. Yes, 'squire Moffat.
Q. You were at Canton in China. - A. Yes.
Q. The ship, rudder, and chain, were repaired there. - A. Yes, I know the chain by this singular shackle.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was rowing to Woolwich that afternoon with a fare, and as I rowed up I saw it lay just by the water gate.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
