





129. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BRADLEY
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of December
, a cart, value 10l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Sprigmore
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SPRIGMORE
               



             sworn. - I am a carman
; the prisoner at the bar came to me, on the 6th of December, for a horse and cart, which I let him have, and sent my servant, 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Headley
               



            , with him.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HEADLEY
               



             sworn - I went with the prisoner with a horse and cart to Little Howland-street


; he shewed me the stable door, where there was some things to be taken up; he then sent me to Mr. M'Ewen's, in Charlotte-street, for the keys; when I went there, they said there was no such thing, and when I came back the prisoner was gone, and the horse and cart too.


                  ISAAC 
                  CRANE
               



             sworn. - On the 6th of December the prisoner applied to me to sell me a pair of cart wheels, and then he said he had got a cart to sell; I would not buy it of him, but lent him two guineas and a half on it, and he was to redeem it on the Monday, but he did not come, and last Monday Mr. Sprigmore came and had the cart from me.
Sprigmore. The cart that I had from the last witness, was the same that I sent my servant with.
Prisoner's defence. I hired it for Mr. Crane, he employed me to remove some things, and he sent me away, and he has been convicted of receiving stolen hay.
Court. (To Crane.) Q. Did you employ this man? - A. I never saw him in my life till he came to sell me the wheels. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
