





738. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  FITCHETT
               




             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of July
, a pound weight of tea, value 8s.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Watkins
               




            .
JAMES WATKINS sworn. - I am a grocer
, in Market-street, Westminster


; the prisoner had lived servant
 with me ten or eleven months: On the 9th of July, we were at breakfast; I ordered him to enter to Mr. John Titler, of Bayswater, six pounds of green tea; after breakfast, I went out for half an hour; when I came back, he had done up the six pounds of green tea, and was gone to Newcastle-street, in the Strand; I observed the six pounds of green tea lying on a sugar hogshead, as I went through the shop; I observed it very awkwardly packed; I turned round the corner, and then I was opposite to it; I observed it was not done up in a tradesman-like manner; I went to it, and felt it, but it was stuffed so tight I could make no impression upon it; I put it in the scale, and found it weighed seven pounds three ounces; I looked at the entry in the book, and the bill of parcels in his own hand-writing was six pounds, and the bag was marked on the outside six pounds; I consulted with a neighbour, Mr. Challon, and we agreed to let him come home, and then open it; he came home, and weighed another six pounds of tea, and took them one in each arm, and went out; Mr. Challon, who lived opposite, immediately followed him; I followed at a distance; we followed him to the corner of Brewer-street, and there Mr. Challon lost sight of him in turning the corner; we did not see any thing of him till be brought both the parcels to Mr. Titler's, and they were sent out to be weighed; we were there before him; I said to Mr. Challon, you see that parcel has been unpacked, and tied up property; I had the prisoner in, and desired him to sit down; I told him, I thought he had been using me very ill this morning; he said, he had not; I asked him what he had done with the green tea out of that, and he said he had done nothing with it.
Mr. Knapp. Q.Have you any partner? - A. None.
JOHN CHALLON sworn. - I live opposite Mr. Watkins; I am a tallow-chandler: On the 9th of July, I went over, and saw a parcel of tea weighed, which laid upon a sugar hogshead; it weighed seven pounds three ounces; it was marked fine hyson tea; I don't recollect that there was any mark of the weight upon it; I afterwards saw the prisoner take two parcels of tea up Market-street; I followed him to Brewer-street, and there I lost him; I did not see him again till I got to Bayswater; he came there in about a quarter of an hour, or twenty minutes; he was brought in to us by Mr. Titler's servant; I saw that the parcel of tea, which weighed seven pounds three ounces,was unpacked, and packed in the circumference of six pounds; we then had the prisoner in; Mr. Watkins told him he thought he had been using him very ill; the prisoner said, he did not know that he had; Mr. Watkins asked him what he had done with the tea that was in that bag; he said, it came untied, and he had lost it out; he told him that was not likely, as it weighed six pounds as it ought to do; when he brought it there, he said he did not know any thing about it; Mr. Warkins left the room, and I talked with him; I told him he had better acknowledge his crime -
Court. Then you must not tell us any thing he said after that.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  NORTH
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Titler, at Bayswater; I was standing at the door when the prisoner came with the tea; I delivered it to my master, and my master gave it to me, and desired me to go and weigh it, which I did; each parcel weighed exactly six pounds, neither more or less; a little girl standing by put in a half ounce weight, and it would not turn that.
Prisoner's defence. I weighed both parcels, to the best of my knowledge, six pounds exactly.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
