





326. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     FLAVEL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of April
, fifteen pound weight of indigo, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wilson
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Preston
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  Francis John Smith 
                  Wilson
               



            .
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.


                  JAMES 
                  EVANS
               



            . Q. You are one of the officers of the Thames police. - A. I am. On the 4th of April, about half after four in the afternoon, I was passing by Leadenhall street in company with my brother officer; the prisoner was in the act of shutting a gate, No. 98; Dalby and I suspected him; we followed him till he came to Bell lane, Spital fields; when he got there we asked him where he came from, and what he was going to do with this parcel; I said I know where you came from, and I shall make your master acquainted with it; he said he should not give us any account. We found indigo in the bag; we took him custody; he went in the custody of Dalby, and I went to Messrs. Wilsons and acquainted them of the circumstance. I have had the indigo ever since it was in the bag, as it now is.
- DALBY. Q. I suppose you know no more than the last witness. - A. I saw him come out of the same gateway; I know no more than him.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILSON
               



            . Q. The prisoner was a servant of yours, we understand. - A. He was, he had been with us near three years.
Q. What is the name of your partnership. - 
               A. Thomas Wilson
            , 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Preston
               



            , and 
               
                  Francis 
                  John Smith
               



             Wilson.
Q. Is your house No. 98. - A. Yes, in Leadenhall street.
Q. Of course I suppose you did not miss this property until you received intelligence about it. - A. I had not; the indigo is of the same quality as the indigo we had then; it is impossible to swear exactly to indigo.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Are there other warehouses in the same gateway. - A. No, not in the same gateway. The indigo at that time was worth about three shillings and sixpence to four shillings per pound.


                  JOSHUA 
                  WELCH
               



            . Q. Did you see the prisoner go from the warehouse this day. - A. No, I saw him come in the accompting house about five minutes before four o'clock, he had no bag in his hand; I did not see him after that; he had returned from dinner, he had no business to go out; his time to leave work was about seven o'clock.
Q. Whereabouts did the prisoner lodge. - A. I think in Somerset street, Hackney road.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, and called no witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
