





856. 
               
                  
                     REBECCA 
                     GOLSBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th September
, four sheets, value 1 l. a table cloth, value 5 s. a breakfast cloth, value 2 s. a napkin, value 1 s. thirty-six quart bottles filled with British wine, value 20 s. nineteen yards of dimity, value 19 s. half a yard of muslin, value 1 s. and a mattrass, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Few
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  FRANCES 
                  FEW
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Few
               



            ; we have a house at Tottenham, in West Green Lane


 the prisoner was my servant
. On the 20th of August I went to Brighton.
Q. Did Mr. Few go at that time - A. No, when I went away I left the different articles in the indictment secure; I left a quantity of linen in a drawer. In one of my bed rooms I left a quantity of sheets and table linen; in a closet in the prisoner's room there was a trunk locked up, containing linen of mine, and muslin.
Q. Was there any spotted muslin - A. Yes, I have found two caps since made out of that muslin.
Q. Had you any wine of any particular sort - A. Yes, gooseberry and currant wine in a closet in the breakfast parlour; I left that locked up. I returned from Brighton on the 20th of September. In the evening I found the closet and the side-board broke open; the closet in the parlour where the currant wine was, was broke open, which I had left locked; the brass-work was filed off. I missed a pair of fine sheets marked G. and a Lancashire sheet marked G. Y. I then called the prisoner, and told her I had found the drawers open, and missed the linen; and asked her if she knew any thing of it; she appeared very much confused, and trembled.
Court. Was this the day you came home - A. No, three days afterwards. She said she knew nothing of it, there had no one been in the house since I left home. I told her I had found the closet open in her her room, and the wine closet open in the parlour; she denied any knowledge of there being open. In the closet in her room, there were three whole pieces of dimity on a shelf; I found they had been cut; I measured them over, thirteen yards were cut from one piece, and six yards from another. I desired her to look every where for the linen, as I had left her in care of the house. Then she said she had her sister and a Captain Hamilton to see her in the house, but they took nothing away with them. I told her that she had wine from the closet; she said that she had one bottle from the closet, but she found the closet open. I let it pass then for a week or more, hoping that she would bring the things. On the second of October she was taken up; she denied any knowledge of the things till the last. After she was gone, I found two caps in her box, made of the muslin which was locked up in the closet in her room; I have had them ever since; these are the caps; I missed half a yard of spotted muslin. I know the muslin, and I know these caps are made out of that spotted muslin.
Q. Whereabouts is the value of that muslin - A. About two shillings. I have not recovered any of my other things, excepting a mattrass.
JOHN FEW. I am the husband of the last witness. On the 16th of September I went to Brighton; I had all the keys in the house under one key. I missed about a dozen of currant wine, and two dozen of gooseberry; the back rows were cleared, and without getting up in a chair I could not see. It was either taken from the back-row, or from the front, and the back-rows forwarded; a bottle of cherry-bounce was drawed out and filled up with something else. I examined all the locks before I left town, every one was safe. I know no more than my wife has told you.


                  HENRY 
                  DUNCANEY
               



            . Q. You are a servant to Mr. Few - A. Yes, I was left in the house when they went to Brighton. I know nothing about the wine or the linen. The prisoner's friends were there, there was Mr. Hamilton and her two sisters, and two more men, I do not recollect their names; the men were all seafaring men.
Q. Had they any wine - A. I saw wine drank, I do not know where it came from.
Q. Who produced it - A. The prisoner I believe. I did not see her - I do not know - I never heard where it came from.
Q. Did you drink any of the wine - A. Yes; it was currant wine that I drank.
Q. to Prosecutrix. Have you got the caps here - A. Yes, there is some of the prisoner's lace tacked to it; I have no doubt but the muslin is my property; I never gave it to the prisoner or any body else.
Prisoners Defence. The muslin that I made them caps of, I bought before my mistress went to Brighton, and I made the caps, while she was there; when my mistress returned from Brighton, every thing appeared to be very comfortable; she was at home eight or nine days before she called me up stairs, and told me that she had missed some linen. I was very much astonished, and frightened, to hear that she had lost any thing. She said, if I would confess if any body had led me astray, she would let me go about my business. I told her I was innocent, and therefore I could not tell her. My mistress had a good character with me.




               GUILTY
            , aged 29.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
