






543. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     WILLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of April
, a frock, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Hill
               



            , spinster

.
Second Count. Laying it to be the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Hill
               



            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  JAMES 
                  HILL
               



             sworn. - I keep a public-house
, the corner of Warwick-street, Golden-square: On the 26th of April, these two children of mine were at play in Golden-square


, and left me about two o'clock, on Saturday, and about four I saw them in St. Martin's watch-house; I did not see the prisoner at that time; this child's name is Catherine, her frock was off her; here is a piece of the same that I had at home; I saw the prisoner the same evening, at Bow-street.


                  MARY 
                  JAP
               



             sworn. - I live in Taylor's-buildings, St. Martin's -lane; in consequence of four children being stripped in the course of a week, I gave my own children a particular caution, not to let any body take any thing from them; on Saturday the 26th of April, I was sitting at work, about three o'clock, when my own child came and gave me information; in consequence of which, I went to a necessary, opposite to No. 1, Taylor's-buildings; I opened the door, and saw the prisoner with one child at her left knee; I asked her what she was going to do with it; I looked round and saw the other child sitting upon the seat, with her neck bare; I asked her what she was going to do with the child's frock, she had it in her hand; she said, she was going to turn it; I took hold of her, and she dropped the frock; I sent for Mr. Ferguson, who took the prisoner, and I took the frock and the child home with me, and sent to her father; this is the little girl.


                  GEORGE 
                  DONALDSON
               



             sworn. - I am a constable. (Produces the frock.)
Hall. This is my child's frock; I never saw the prisoner till I saw her at Bow-street.
Court. Q. This is a great way from Golden-square? - A. I have no doubt but it is a full mile.
Court. Q. What age is she? - A. About four years of age.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 14.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
