





688. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of August
, a silver watch, value 50s. a steal chain, value 6d. and a metal key, value 2d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Crawley
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
THOMAS CRAWLEY Sworn. - I am a baker
, No. 11, Mansfield-street, Goodman's-fields


: Onthe 18th of August, about a quarter before six o'clock in the afternoon, I had seen my watch; about six o'clock I was coming out of the bake-house, and saw the prisoner run out of the parlour round the counter; I had left my wife in the parlour, which goes out of the shop, but she had stepped into the kitchen close by; I called out, but he never turned to make any answer; I pursued him up Swan-street into a court, which is no thoroughfare, and collared him; I opened his hand, and took out a seven-shilling piece, and twopence, which I cannot say was mine; the watch was found in about five minutes. (Produces the watch, and identifies it.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  EWER
               



             Sworn. - I was going past the prosecutor's, and saw the prisoner go through the shop into the parlour, the parlour windows were open next the street, and I saw into the room; I saw him take something off the mantle-piece, and return instantly through the shop into the street; Mr. Crawley followed him, and I run with him.


                  CATHARINE 
                  MACKWAY
               



             Sworn. - I live in Chapman's-court; my little boy, not six years old, picked the watch up in the court, in a corner where the prisoner was taken.
Prisoner's defence. At the first hearing, before the Magistrate, she said she never saw me in the court; I saw some people running up the court, and I run with them; I am innocent of the robbery.
GUILTY, aged 20, 


               Of stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Hotham.
