





15. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     FARRINGTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of November
, a carcase of a sheep, value 21. 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Balch
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BALCH
               



             sworn. - I am a butcher
, at Hoxton: On Thursday evening, the 20th of November, about six o'clock, I was standing at the door of the Duke of Clarence public-house, in Hackney-road, waiting for a stage to take my father into the country; while I was there, there came a man along, with a carcase of mutton upon his shoulder, the prisoner is the man; the thought struck my mind what he could be going to do with that carcase upon his shoulder, at that time in the evening; I ran after him, and looked at the sheep, and found it to be a carcase of mutton which my man had killed, of my own, which I could swear to by the dressing; I then went before the prisoner and looked him in the face, he threw the carcase of mutton into the road and ran; I ran after him, calling stop thief, but as I was sure of the prisoner, having seen him for years about the neighbourhood, I thought Iwould leave him and go and look after my carcase of mutton; I took the mutton to the Duke of Clarence's, where my father was; then I went home, and missed the carcase of mutton that had been hung up; I then went to Worship-street, and laid an information against the prisoner, and they took him the same evening; they came to my house and fetched me to the watch-house; I said, you are the man that had the carcase of mutton; he made no answer till he came to the watch-house, and then he said, you may be b-gg-d.
HENRY TUCK sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Balch: I know the carcase of mutton by the dressing of it.
Balch. It was hot.
Tuck. It was the last that I had killed but one; I hung it at the father corner; I did not miss it till my master came back.
Q. How far is the Duke of Clarence's from your master's? - A.About a mile; I fetched it from the Duke of Clarence's; I know perfectly well that that was the sheep I had dressed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SIMPSON
               



             called. - How old are you? - A.Fourteen.
Q. Do you know the nature of an oath? - A. Yes; if I tell a lie I shall go to hell; (he is sworn); On the 20th of November, about half after six, I was going down the Hackney-road, and saw the prisoner with a sheep upon his shoulder, about half a mile from Mr. Balch's house.
Q. Did you know him before? - A. Yes; he is a bricklayer's labourer, I believe; I saw Mr. Balch come up and look him in the face, and then he chucked the sheep down, and ran away, and Mr. Balch after him.
PETER MASON sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Worship-street: I went with Clarke and Armstrong and apprehended the prisoner in bed; we took him to the watch-house, and there Mr. Balch said, that was the man that had stole his sheep; and he said, you may be b-gg-d, there is nothing found, and I shall get through this.
Prisoner's defence. When I had done my work, I went home to bed, and these men came and took me. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
