





606. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of September
, a pocket-book, value 1s. three tooth-picks, value 6d. and a pencil, value 3d.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Smith
               




            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - On the 11th of September, about eleven o'clock in the day, I was going along Ludgate-hill


; I felt something at my left-hand coat pocket, I turned round, and saw my pocket-book in the prisoner's hand; I took hold of his hand with the pocket-book in it, saying, I would take care of him; upon which he turned away up Cock-court, where I saw him throw the book over his shoulder; he ran into the court on the left hand; I called stop thief, which gave an alarm, and he was stopped in Water-lane by one of the City constables; the book was brought to me by a young gentleman; I lost sight of him about a minute and a half.
Q. Can you undertake to swear that, at the time you felt something at your pocket, the prisoner had removed the pocket-book? - A. I have no doubt of it; his hand was at the very bottom of my pocket, and the book was in his hand; I am sure it is my pocket-book, there are memorandums in it.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I am a police officer: On Saturday, the 11th of September, I heard a cry of stop thief; I saw the prisoner coming towards me, and a number of people after him; when I tried to stop him, he endeavoured to spar with me, and I struck him; he pulled off his hat, head, and then secured him; he pulled off his hat, and begged forgiveness of Mr. Smith.


                  JOHN 
                  BIGGS
               



             sworn. - I keep the Blue Last, Blackstiars; I heard a cry of stop thief; I immediately rushed out of the house, and saw the prisoner; I followed him into Water-lane, and there he was stopped by a constable.
Prisoner's defence. I am an innocent man.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
