





196. 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     HUGHES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of January
, fifteen pounds weight of soap, value 7 s.
             the property of James and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Nowlan
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  NOWLAN
               



             sworn. - I have a partner, 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Nowlan
                  



               
            , and live in Charles-street; about the 19th of January, near eight o'clock, 
               
                  John 
                  Forrester
               



            , a patrol, enquired if we had lost or sold some soap: upon this information, I went to where the prisoner was in custody, in Houndsditch; I there found the prisoner with 15 lb. weight of soap, tied up in a canvas apron; I asked him how he came in possession of it; he said, he had brought it from the manufactory, and I should find it entered in my books; I told him I knew it was no such thing; I had made enquiry before I left home; I opened the parcel, and, among many other pieces, I pointed out to himself and the patrol two pieces which were yet warm, which bore a strong resemblance to some we had then ready to cut out of the frames, of which we had sold none to the retailers; he still persisted in the story; I sent him to the Compter; before the Lord Mayor, he said he bought 7 lb. at our manufactory, on the 7th of December, and the remaining part he had bought of a Mr. Bicknell, who has not been in trade above seven months; he is a bankrupt; there are two pieces of the soap I have a strong opinion are of my manufactory, and not having sold it to any retailer in London.
Q. How long has he worked for you? - A. He came in our employ in a deplorable case; we took him out of charity; we did every thing to assist him.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



             sworn. - On the 19th of January, about twenty minutes past seven o'clock, I perceived the prisoner at the top of the Minories, next door to the church; I saw a bundle under his arm, and waited to see which way he went; he went down Church-row; I followed him from thence to Houndsditch, and within forty yards of Gravel-lane, Houndsditch, I stopped him, and asked him what he had got; he told me, soap; I asked him what he was going to do with it; he said to take it home; I asked him which he called home; he said, just down here; I asked him what use he made of it at home; he said his wife was a washerwoman; I asked him where he brought it from; he told me from Mr. Nowlan's manufactory; I asked him whether he took so much home every night; he said his master sold it him; he could get it cheaper at his master's than at a retail shop; I went to Mr. Nowlan's, and told him I had stopped a man of the name of Hughes, with 15 lb. of soap; Mr. Nowlan came with me.
Prisoner's defence. On the evening I was taken, Mr. Nowlan was sent for; he said to me, you have robbed me in a pretty manner; I can nearly swear you have been cutting the cakes of soap to-day; I said you are wrong; I have had it of you some time back; if you refer to your books, you will see that I was to pay you on Saturday night; and before the Lord Mayor, he could not identify the soap so well as he could the night before; now said I, if you had brought a sample of the soap, you would have satisfied my Lord Mayor and me both, and next day I was brought before the Lord Mayor, Mr. Nowlan brought a piece which he thought would come nigh the piece there as possible; he took a wire and cut in the two pieces; there was a difference in the two pieces when cut; he would not shew the two cakes to my Lord Mayor, and as to his saying the soap was warm, I carried it under my arm for a mile, the heat of my body might heat the soap; I appeal to Mr. Nowlan for my character.
Q.(To Nowlan.) What has been his general character? - A. I have known him for these twelve months; his general character has been always honest; I placed a great confidence in him; indeed he has lived with Mr. Jones, of Shoreditch; and with Mr. Bicknell, formerly of the Maze. I wonder he has brought me forward to his character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 44.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
