





715. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DUNNING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of October
, six pair of stockings, value 16s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Hans 
                     Mortimer
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MOSS
               



             sworn. - I was going with a parcel to Great Queen-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields; I had to go to Howard-street with some change; I then saw the prisoner; he looked at my parcels, and asked the servant of the house where Mrs. Howard lived in Howard-street; she told him she knew no such person; when I got to Charing-cross I saw him again; I was going to Vine-street, Piccadilly


, and then he asked me the way to Vine-street; I told him I was going there; he said he was going to Mr. Mortimer's; there was the name of Mortimer upon one of my parcels; I went and delivered my parcel to Miss Grellet, and went away; it contained six pair of brown cotton stockings, which Mr. Mortimer had bought of Mr. Churton, a hosier, upon credit.


                  ANN 
                  GRELLETT
               



             sworn. - I received a parcel from the last witness for Mr. Mortimer; the prisoner came immediately after, and asked if Mr. Mortimer was at home; I told him, no; I called Mrs. Lakin, and delivered the parcel to the prisoner, supposing he belonged to it; he then delivered it to Mr. Lakin.
Mrs. LAKIN sworn. - I keep the house; Mr. Mortimer is a lodger of mine; Miss Grellett knocked at my door, and said, here is a parcel for Mr. Mortimer; a young man in the passage rung the bell, and asked if Mr. Mortimer was at home; I am not sure whether the prisoner is the person.
Miss Grellett. I am sure he is the man.
Mrs. Lakin. I told him he might leave the parcel; he said, no, he could not leave it, unless Mr. Mortimer was at home; I told him, if there was any thing to pay I would settle it; he said, there was something to pay, but he did not know exactly what; I then gave him the parcel back; he asked me the nighest way to Knightsbridge, and went away.
Prisoner's defence. I leave it to the Jury.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
