





311. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     WEBB
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of March
, a mahogany writing-desk, value 42 s. and a gilt frame, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Jones
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  JONES
               



             sworn. - I live in Newport-street


, I keep a sale-shop
: On the evening of the 19th of March I found the writing-desk and a print that lay on a table at my door in the possession of the prisoner; he might be a yard and a half from my house when I saw him.
Q. Did you see him take it? - A. No.
Q. When had you seen the writing-desk? - A. About ten minutes before.
Q. Did you see him with the desk? - A. My wife laid hold of him first; I told him he had got a desk belonging to me, and he began to laugh.

Q. Are you sure that the writing-desk and frame are your property? - A. Yes, here is my private mark: when I took him to Bow-street, the Magistrate did not sit then, and we took him to the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



            ; he took a knife out, and said he would cut my witnesses bl - y life out; this is the knife, I have kept it ever since.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COBB
               



             sworn. - I am a journeyman butcher at Newport-market; I saw the prisoner at the bar about a quarter past six o'clock on the 19th of March walking backwards and forwards by Mr. Jones's shop; the desk stood on a table, and the picture hung over it on the door-post; he took the picture down, and laid it on the desk; he looked on his right hand and then on his left; then he took up the property, and before he got two feet from the door, I caught him fast by the throat; Mr. Jones came up to my assistance, and we took him to Bow-street; the Magistrate not sitting, the prisoner was taken to the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



            ; he was sitting down, and I was standing by him; he said to me, why do not you get farther; I said, I will sit down by you; he struck at me, and I then caught hold of his throat again; he pulled out a knife, and said he would take my bl - y life from me; he said, you bl - y thief. I will do for you; I then got up, and said, if he hit me again, I would knock his head against the settle; he called me a bl - y b - r; I was desired to repeat the words by the Magistrate, though they are very vulgar.
Prisoner. Q. It is the most infamous villainy for this man to say this - Did not you ask me if I would carry a parcel for you, coming by Newport-court? - A. I never saw you in my life before I saw you take up the property.
Q. Did not you say you would leave me a shilling, if I would carry these for you? - A. No, I never did.
Prisoner's defence. I was coming from Newport-market, coming down St. Martin's-lane; as I came down there, I met this man, and I asked him if he knew any place I could sleep in that night; he told me, no, he would leave me a shilling to get a lodging if I would carry a parcel; he told me to come and take up these things, and carry them; immediately I took hold of them, he called out, stop thief; this man came out, and caught hold of me.
Q. Have you any witness? - A. I know no person in London.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
