






772. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BEACH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     TRIBE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of June
 60 lb. weight of lead, value 13 s. and a copper, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Winter
                        




                     
                  , affixed to a building of his
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Knapp.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TOWERS
               



             I am a gardener to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Winter
               



             in the parish of Acton


.
Q. Did you on the night of the 25th of June, fasten the outhouse - A. I did, I observed the two coppers safe that were in the outhouse, between 8 and 9 o'clock; at that time I fastened up the house and I observed the leaden cistern in the yard, I missed the copper and the lead on Monday morning. The lead and the copper was brought back on Monday morning, I saw it fitted to the place, it fitted exactly.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HIGGENS
               



            . I am a watchman my beat is in Oxford Road, the corner of Portland-street. On the 27th of July, about 3 o'clock in the morning I was standing in my box, I saw the prisoners loaded, I stopped them and took them to Marylebone watch-house, I found upon them lead and copper, the copper was in a basket and the lead in a bag, I asked them how they came by it, they said it was nothing to me.
The property produced and identified.
The prisoners said nothing in their defence.
Beach called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Tribe called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
BEACH - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.
TRIBE - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.





               Transported for seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
