





669. 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     RICHARDSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of September
, three pair of black silk stockings, value 19 s. two pair of white silk stockings, value 14 s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 2 s. a pair of black silk gloves, value 7 s. two yards of muslin, value 4 s. a gown, value 4 s. a silk handkerchief, value 7 s. a quilt, value 2 s. a sheet, value 2 s. a silver wired funnel, value 2 s. a pair of spectacles, value 10 s. a coat, value 4 s. and a waistcoat, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas Peter 
                           Romily
                        



                     
                  ; five yards of gingham, value 20 s. five yards of shambra, value 15 s. two gowns, value 10 s. a black veil, value 1 s. 6 d. three yards of black lace, value 2 s. and two shifts, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Romily
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Peter 
                        Romily
                     



.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  FAWCETT
               



             sworn. - I have been a servant, but I keep gentlemen's houses lately; I was employed to keep Mr. Romily's house, No. 71, Warren-street, Fitzroy-square. I went there on the 1st of June; the family left town that morning at half past three o'clock; I staid till the family returned on the 27th of September, Mr. Romily's servant put the young woman at the bar into the house to take care of four canary birds that were left in the house; she came every morning after they were gone out of town, about seven or eight o'clock.
Q. Did you know her before? - A. I never saw her before; she was a stranger to me; she told me she came to look after Maria's birds; 
               
                  Maria 
                  Tatham
               



             had told me she was to come to attend the birds.
Q. Did she come every day till the family returned? - A. I had not seen her for about a month before they returned.
Q. Then you looked after the birds yourself? -
A. No; she took them away with her.
Q. Did you miss any thing belonging to you during the time the prisoner was coming to the house? - A. I missed the key out of my box in the kitchen for three weeks before I found it again, then I found it in one of the great drawers up stairs in Mr. Romily's daughter's room.

Q. Was it in the lock of the drawers, when you found it? - A. Yes.
Q. Would that key of your's unlock that drawer? - A. Yes; that one it would; I locked that drawer, and took it out; the prisoner was gone away that night; I went up stairs and found it; the next morning she came, and I said to her, how could you take my key, and open Mr. Romily's drawer, she said, she had never touched it, nor had she ever opened the drawer, she said the drawer was not locked.
Q. Can you tell whether the drawer was locked or not? - A. They were all locked, I had tried them by the handles.
Q. Had any body tried them after the prisoner came to the birds? - A. I always tried them when I swept the room.
Q. Was there any thing in the drawer when you took the key out? - A. Nothing of any consequence. Mrs. Thomas, an aunt of the young ladies, came the next day, and she tried the key, and it would not unlock the other drawers. It opened only that one drawer in the chest of drawers.


                  MARIA 
                  TATHAM
               



             sworn. - Q. You are a servant to Mr. Romily? - A. Yes, I went with him out of town on the 1st of June.
Q. Did you know the prisoner at that time.
Q. Yes, I had known her about four months; I asked her if she would come and look after the birds; I was afraid to leave them in the care of this old lady; she agreed to do it, and I left her money to buy them food.
Q. Do you know whether any wearing apparel was put in the chest of drawers in the ladies room? - A. Yes, there was in Miss Romily's room, the drawers were locked, and the keys of all the drawers were locked up in a closet; Mr. Romily's cloaths were in a book-case in his own bed room. I saw the property afterwards, at Bow-street, excepting the stockings, they were never found.
Q. Do you know what parish Mr. Romily's house is in? - A. In the parish of St. Pancras; they have made a mistake in the indictment.
Q. Do you know how that mistake happened? - A. The clerk did it.
WILLIAM BLACKMAN sworn. - I am a constable of the Public-office, at Bow-street; I apprehended the prisoner on the 27th of September; I went to her apartments, she was not at home; I told the landlady I wanted to see 
               
                  Maria 
                  Richardson
               



            ; she sent for her, when she came, she opened the parlour door; I told her I had got a search warrant to search her premises; she judged what I had come for; she called me out of that parlour, because her landlady was there, into the next parlour, and told me not to tell her landlady; I asked her for the keys of her drawers; she went into her room and opened the drawers; I found the duplicates consisting of that property; she told me were they were; these duplicates led me to Mr. Wadmore's, pawnbroker, No. 109, Tottenham-court-road; I found a pair of spectacles, at No. 34, Holborn; the pawnbroker gave them up; I found them in consequence of this duplicate; a silk gown I found at Mr. Harrison's, Tottenham-court-road, and a table cloth from High Holborn; all the other things were found at Mr. Wadmore's; I have had the care of the spectacles ever since; and 
               
                  Maria 
                  Tatham
               



             has had the care of the other things.
Q. How many duplicates were there altogether? - A. Sixty-one or sixty-two, here is about seventeen of them relating to this property, and thirteen duplicates of Mr. Wadmore's.
- WADMORE sworn. - I live with my brother. he is a pawnbroker.
Q. What do you say, respecting the things that Blackman found? - A. The prisoner pledged them at different times, in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Davis
               



            ; they are in different bundles. I produce them; here is one shirt, two petticoats, two shifts, two gowns, a veil, two gown pieces and a petticoat; these articles were pledged by the prisoner, at Mr. Wadmore's to the best of my knowledge.
(The property identified by 
               
                  Maria 
                  Tatham
               



            .)
Prisoner's defence. The key that woman swore to, was positively burned in the fire in a bit of paper, I threw it in the fire myself, not knowing it was in; I did not mention it the next day, because I was afraid.
Court. The capital part is taken off; the house is described in the indictment, to be in the parish of St. Mary-le-bone; when in fact, it is in the parish of St. Pancras, and there are more reasons than one to take it away.
GUILTY, aged 21,




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
