





6. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of October
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Welch
                     



                  , Esq. a purse value 10 d. a guinea, two half guineas, two seven-shilling pieces, six shillings, a bank note, value 2 l. and a bank note, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Keeling
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  KEELING
               



            . I am butler
 to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Welch
               



            , Esq.
Q. Is his house situated in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square


. - A. Yes, that is his dwelling-house.
Q. Did the prisoner live with Mr. Welch in the capacity of a footman
. - A. Yes, on the night of the jubilee we had some company: the prisoner slept with me that night; we went to bed about four o'clock.
Q. Before you went to bed, do you know what money you had in your pocket. - A. Yes, perfectly well; I knew all was in my purse: on Tuesday night I had reckoned what money I had in my purse, and I had not any occasion to take any money out of my purse. On Wednesday night, between 10 and 11 o'clock at night, and when I went to bed, I felt my purse: in the morning we both got up at six o'clock; he went down before me; he left the family at eight o'clock; he had no leave of me, nor the colonel was not up. I missed my purse at nine o'clock.
Q. In consequence of any information that you received, did Butler give you the notes. - A. Yes, he gave me two notes: these are the notes; they have been in my possession ever since.
Q. Do you know either of these notes to be yours. - A. Yes; the one pound note, I recollect the number, it was 13428, Dr. Dick gave me that note on the evening of the 24th. I kept that note for the purpose of laying it out in the lottery; that made me remember the number. I accused the prisoner on the morning of the 26th of robbing me of my purse, and the two notes which I had received from Lady Mulgrave's footman: Colonel Welch asked him who gave him them notes, the prisoner said his wife.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I am footman to Lady Mulgrave on the 26th of October, about one at noon, the prisoner came to our house, he was very much intoxicated, he threw his money about in a careless manner.

Q. What money was it he was throwing about. - A. A two pound note and a one pound note; seeing that was all the money he produced, I asked him to lend me it, which he gave me. I did it with intention of taking care of it for him.
Court. You thought he would have lost it. - Yes.
MR. ARABIN. Q. Did you afterwards give these two notes to the last witness - A. I gave the same notes which I received of Jones to Keeling, the last witness.
The one pound note produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I was very much intoxicated with liquor; how the notes came in my pocket, I do not know.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 23.
Of 


               stealing the one pound note only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice Grose.
