





671. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HOLTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of September
, a fur tippet, value 2 l. 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Hintsch
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  HINTSCH
               



             sworn. - I live in Fetter-lane


; I am a furrier
: The prisoner worked for me three weeks and a half; soon after she came to me she brought a written direction, that she lived in White-hart-yard, and said it was her sister's hand-writing; she was very particular in explaining to me that it was not White-horse-yard, in the same street; since that I have found out it was a false direction. In the course of the first week she was with me I missed a great many tippets; I did not know how they went; one morning, the week following, she took a tippet out of the first floor, when she went down stairs to get her water, and took the tippet up stairs with her; I missed the tippet.
Q. Did you immediately follow her? - A. No; about one o'clock in the day I sent for an officer; it was found upon her; she had tied the tippet under her cloaths; I saw her untie it, and she laid it on a chair.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MORBRAY
               



             sworn. - Q. How old are you? - A. I am fifteen; I live in Mr. Hintsch's house; I saw her put her hands through her pocket-hole and untie the tippet.


                  THOMAS 
                  FLETCHER
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: When I went into the house the woman was sitting in a chair; they told me the prisoner at the bar had taken a tippet from under her cloaths and had laid it on a chair; I asked the prosecutor whether it was his tippet; he said he would swear to it by the private mark. I produce the tippet.

Q. 
            (To 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Morbray
               



            .) Is that the tippet that you saw the woman untie from under her petticoats? - A. Yes.
Prosecutor. I know it to be mine; there is my private mark on it.
Prisoner's defence. I was in great distress and poverty, with three small children, which induced me to do so rash an act, and my husband having been sick for eight months; it is the first time that my character was ever impeached, and from my extreme poverty in the world compelled me to do this, through my dear unfortunate babes; thus I leave my situation to the mercy of my prosecutor, and the humanity of a British Jury; if my witnesses are not in Court it is owing to their not being subpoenaed at Hick's Hall; and if I should find lenity, my future life shall be dedicated to the strictest of principles; I was given to understand by one of my witnesses, that my prosecutor offered to settle my prosecution for ten pounds, which I trust the Jury will take into consideration, as it was out of my power to comply with it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
