






448. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  BEAMS
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BEAMS
               



             were indicted, the first for 


               stealing, on the 18th of April

, fifty-six handkerchiefs, value 8l. 8s. the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Philpot
                     



                  , in his dwelling-house
            ; and the other for 


               receiving forty-five silk handkerchiefs, a parcel of the said goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
WILLIAM PHILPOT sworn. - I am a linendraper
, and live at No. 283, Holborn, in the parish of St. Giles's in the Fields



. The prisoner, Robert Beams, was recommended to me as a shopman
; he lived with me about four months. Mr. Jones came to me on the 19th of April; in consequence of what he said, the prisoner was called up stairs, when he was asked by Mr. Jones whether he had stolen any silk handkerchiefs from me.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Did you or Mr. Jones make him any promise of favour if he would discover any thing? - A. No, neither of us; he was asked if he had stolen any silk handkerchiefs from me; he said, no, he believed he was mistaken; Mr. Jones replied, he believed he would find he was not mistaken; that he should soon be able to produce to me what would surprize me; when he found thatMr. Jones spoke positively, he began to confess that he might have taken a dozen, or a dozen and an half, he did not say whether he had taken them at one time, or at different times; Mr. Jones said, he believed there was more than a dozen and an half a great many; Treadway, the officer, and Mr. Ovey, who were in waiting, were then called in, and it was deemed proper to go up stairs and examine his box; he went up with us, and the officer asked him for the key of his box, and he gave it him, and the box was opened in his presence; we examined it, and found one silk handkerchief, which he acknowledged to the officer, and before us all, that he had stolen it from me, and it was mine; we then took him to Bow-street, the officer has the handkerchief; I then went with Mr. Jones and Mr. Ovey, to Mr. Ovey's house, in Tavistock-street, Covent-garden; we then went into a house in Southampton-street, which, I believe, belongs to Mr. Ovey, when Mr. Bliss, one of Mr. Ovey's shopmen, produced a bundle of silk handkerchiefs to me, which I examined; I deal very largely in the article; the marks were taken out in general, but one or two I found, which I can swear to:
Q.You don't know any circumstance to prove the prisoner, Robert Beams, carried these handkerchiefs to the place where you found them? - A. No.
Mr. Knapp. Q. From the prisoner's situation, he had the opportunity of taking these handkerchiefs by small parcels? - A. Yes.
Q. You told me, when I asked you, that you did not make him any promise then; he denied it; after that, did you hear Mr. Jones say, that it would be better for him to confess? - A.Not in the least.


                  ISAAC 
                  BLISS
               



             sworn. - I found these handkerchiefs in the trunk of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Beams
               



            , on the evening of the 18th of April, up stairs in his bed-room, at Mr. Ovey's, No. 23, Tavistock-street, Covent-garden; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Beams
               



             said, they belonged to his brother.
Mr. Knapp. Q.Was any promise made to Thomas Beams to say any thing about them? - A. None.
EDWARD TREADWAY sworn. - On Tuesday, the 19th of April, I went to the house of Mr. Philpot, in Holborn; Mr. Philpot gave me charge of his servant; Robert Beams. On searching his box, he gave me this silk handkerchief; he said it was his master's property, and that he had had it about a month, or six weeks; that is all I know about it.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Did you make him any promise to induce him to tell you that? - A. No.
Philpot. I know the pattern, there is no mark upon it.
Q.You don't know that this property belongs to you, but from what the prisoner said? - A. No.
Q. You had such handkerchiefs? - A. Yes, a great many, while he lived with me.
JOHN JONES sworn. - I saw the handkerchiefs in Mr. Ovey's drawing-room, the prisoner, Thomas Beams, was then present; I questioned him as to the time these handkerchiefs had been in his possession; he replied, two years; I asked him of whom did he receive them; he said, of a Mr. Cook; that he became acquainted with Mr. Cook by accidentally meeting him in the Park - that about a month after such acquaintance commenced, he told him he had a quantity of silk handkerchiefs in pawn for five pounds - that he bought them of Cook for the identical sum for which they were pawned, namely, five pounds; I put the question, how came Mr. Cook to sell you the handkerchiefs in pawn for five pounds, for which he must have paid five pounds and some interest; to that he gave no immediate answer. About one o'clock in the morning, I went with Mr. Ovey to take him to the watch-house; in his way to the watch-house, Thomas Beams requested to go back to Mr. Ovey's house - that he had something further to say respecting the handkerchiefs; on returning to Mr. Ovey's house, he admitted that all that he had before stated was false - that he had the handkerchiefs from his brother, who lived with Mr. Philpot, the corner of Turnstile, Holborn; I went to Mr. Philpot to inform him of the circumstance next morning.
Q. Were you present when the prisoner Robert was searched? - A.I went up stairs after the box had been searched, and heard him admit that the handkerchief was Mr. Philpot's.
Q.Whether, or no, before you heard him admit any thing, any promise was made to him by you, or any one in your presence? - A. No, on the contrary; the moment he said he had something further to state, provided Mr. Ovey would forgive him, I prevented a reply.
Q. This applies to Thomas; I was asking you what you heard that applied to Robert? - A. I heard nothing that applies to him.
Mr. Knapp. Q. You saw Robert in the shop before he went up stairs? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you then say, it would be better for him to confess? - A. I did not.(The handkerchiefs were produced by Treadway, and two of them, which had the marks on them, were identified by Philpot.)
Robert Beams's defence. Mr. Philpot and Jones say, that they never held out any promise to me; when I came into the parlour, Mr. Jones said, it was a serious case - that a number of things were found - that it did not signify any thing to deny it- if I expected any favour, the best way was to confess; he said that several times; and when they took me to Bow-street, Mr. Philpot and Jones pressed me very much to confess, and said, it wouldbe best, if I expected any mercy, for many things were very clear against me; when I would confess nothing, he went again in a rage into the Office. After the examination, when my brother and I were committed, we went into the Brown Bear; Jones came and sat down by me, and said, it was a very bad business, if I could make any discoveries, it would be the better for me; I told him I had nothing further to confess; Mr. Philpot came to me, and said, there were two silk handkerchiefs my brother sent into the country; I said, I knew nothing of it, I knew nothing of the concerns of my brother; then Jones and Philpot left us, they pressed us very hard to confess. On the Sunday following, I think it was, Mr. Philpot came to me alone at the New-Prison, Clerkenwell, and said, if you have robbed me to any considerable amount, if you confess it, it shall not operate against you; this he repeated several times then, and at other times.
Thomas Beams's defence. I have nothing to say in my defence.
Q.(To Jones.) Is what the prisoner says, true? - A. No.
Q.(To Philpot.) Is what the prisoner says, true? - A. No, it is not.
Robert Beams. I used frequently to want goods for friends; Mr. Philpot said I might take any thing I wanted.
Q.(To Philpot.) Did you suffer him to take goods? - A.The shopmen sometimes want goods for friends, but they are always entered in the accounts.
Robert Beams called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Robert Beams, GUILTY, aged 19,
Of 


               stealing to the value of 5s.
            





               Transported for Seven years
            .
Thomas Beams, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
