





659. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MURPHY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of August
, a wrapper, value 1s. 6d. a gross of card pasteboard, value 8s. twelve yards of canvass, value 15s. a gross of ferret, value 15s. a quarter of a pound of silk, value 9s. 6d. a piece of print, value 2l. 18s. 4d. two pieces of cotton, value 5l. 16s. 8d. a pound weight of twist, value 1l. 16s. four thousand needles, value 18s. a number of yarn needles, value 5s. 10d. a piece of thread web, value 7s. 6d. another piece of thread web, value 8s. 3d. and 2 lbs weight of silk wire, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  Horner 
                  Willis
               



            , 
               - Pitman
               


            , and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Pitman
                  



               
            .
Second count. Charging them to be the property of 
               
                  John-Douglas 
                  Middleton
               



            .
Third Count. Charging them to be the property of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Smith
               



             and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Dyson
                  



               
            .
And fourth Count. Charging them to be the property of persons unknown.


                  RICHARD 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I am a waggoner
, and was driving the waggon, on the 4th of August, up Gerrard-street, about eleven o'clock at night; Richard Dawson, the guard, called me to stop the waggon, I did so, and he had got a truss in his hand; the waggon was unskewered on the off side; I asked him, if he saw any man get out of the waggon, if not, I was sure a man must be in the waggon; so we skewered it up, and drove on to the White-bear, in Piccadilly, where we took the prisoner out, and delivered him to the constable; I asked him, what business he had there; he said, he got in to rest himself. (The truss produced and identified).


                  RICHARD 
                  DYSON
               



             sworn. - I am the guard: On the 4th of August, in Grafton-street, I saw a number of men; three or four came up, and walked backward and forward, till we got to Gerrard-street, when they run up to the waggon; I went to see about it, and this truss was coming out of the waggon, somebody had hold of it, and three or four held their hands to take it; I said, what did they want; and they ran away.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
