






272. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     HARCOURT
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MARK 
                     BROWN
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Nicholas 
                           Humphries
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eight at night, on the 28th of February
, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, seven pieces of Irish linen, value 10 l.
             his property.


                  NICHOLAS 
                  HUMPHRIES
               



            . I am a linen draper
, I live in Church-street, Bethnall-green


. On the 28th of February, about seven o'clock I went out, I returned at eight o'clock, I was informed my house was robbed; on examining I missed seven or eight pieces of Irish linen.
Q. How had you left the house. - A. I had locked it.
Q. Do you sleep in it. - A. No, I have two men that sleep in it; the men went out at ten o'clock in the morning.
Q. How long before the hour of eight o'clock, when you missed this linen, had you seen it before. - A. At ten o'clock in the morning.

Q. 
            Had you been in your shop from that time that you had seen it till seven o'clock. - A. Not altogether; it was Sunday at ten o'clock I went to my house in Church-street; I looked round to see what was in my shop, I saw the Irish linen there; I continued there about an hour; I went home, and returned again at seven; I went out again, and returned at eight; then I was told that some thieves were taken.
Q. Where did you see the pieces again. - A. At Worship-street; I saw four pieces that I could swear were my own.
Q. Were there any marks of violence on your shop. - A. When I returned I found the door as I left it.


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



            . I am a patrol belonging to Bow-street, attached to Worship-street office. On Sunday evening the 28th of February, a little after seven o'clock, being out on duty with Mason, Valentine, and Rice, in Church-street, Bethnall Green, I saw the two prisoner together at the corner of a street in Church-street, Bethnall Green. I knew Harcourt before; by the light of the lamp I knew 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Harcourt
               



            's face, I did not know Brown at that time. 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Harcourt
               



             turned round, looked at me, and ran away. Brown was on the left hand side of me, and Harcourt on the right. I followed Harcourt till he got a little way down the street, I took hold of his collar, he dropped these two pieces; Rice was behind me, he picked them up. Harcourt then squatted down on the ground; I called him by name, I said it is of no use, you must go to the office, he said he would be d - d if he would; he then wrenched himself from me, and ran three or four yards from me, I caught him again; as soon as I caught him the second time I heard something drop on the stones, that I picked up the next morning, Rice came up and catched hold of him by the other side, we took him into the public house secured him and searched him; in his pockets I found a small key and a knife; after he was searched I borrowed a candle and lanthorn of the landlord of the public house, to see if I could find what I heard drop, I could not find any thing that night; I went early the next morning; in the channel in the mud I found this skeleton key; I took it to Mr. Humphries' shop, which is not fifty yards from the place. I gave the key to Mason; he tried the lock of the door, it unlocked it very easy.


                  EDWARD 
                  RICE
               



            . Q. Did you pick up the linen. - A. I did, here it is; there are two pieces just; when Gleed took hold of Harcourt he dropped these two pieces.
Q. You have heard Gleed's evidence. - A. I have, it is true what he has related.
- VALENTINE. Q. Did you see the two prisoners together. - A. I did, and I saw them separate I took hold of Brown by the collar, seeing he was carrying something underneath his coat; he then dropped two pieces of Irish linen; when I asked him what he was carrying of, he wrenched himself out of my hands.


                  PETER 
                  MASON
               



            . I was of the opposite side of the way to what they were, I ran over the way seeing a bustle; I saw Brown in the hands of Valentine. I tried the picklock key the next morning, it unlocked the door with a great deal of ease.
The property produced and identified.
Q. to prosecutor. They are above the value of forty shillings. - A. Yes.
The prisoners left their defence to their counsel, called no witnesses to character.
COURT. There are two things for your consideration, if the crime of stealing to the amount of forty shillings is made out; or whether this was his dwelling house, and whether it was a house in which people slept; he tells you he employed these men, and directed them to sleep there, neither of these servants are here: another thing for your consideration, is, whether they were taken at that time of night so as to constitute it a burglary. At what period of time, between ten in the morning and seven at night these goods were taken from his dwelling house is not stated. Harcourt after he is taken, is found throwing something away; in the morning the officer told you he found this skeleton key, which being applied, it was capable of opening the outward door at that time of night: this key was thrown away about fifty yards from the shop; you are to form your conclusion, that it took place at that time of night. Night had commenced when these men were taken; it is left for you to say whether it was taken after dark; it is left in a state for you to infer, that if they were but fifty yards from the place that it was recently committed. The next question for your consideration, supposing these circumstances to be so, it would be, whether these goods to the amount of forty shillings were stolen in the dwelling house. In the dwelling they were at ten o'clock in the morning; if you give credit to this person, he has told you he saw all his linen there, and in proper order; and in the evening when he came again, he says he saw they had been disturbed, his attention having been drawn to it. And he has said upon this linen being shewed to him, two of which being shewed to him which dropped from Harcourt, and the other two by Brown, which the officers have produced; and told you were concealed under their clothes, and the prisoners they were endeavouring to rescue themselves from the custody in which they were. Mr. Humphries has said they have his marks upon them, and that they are above the value of forty shillings; so then there is no doubt but they were the identical things that were in his shop: upon their being taken, one of them dropped askeleton key, would unlock the door; the other is at that time assisting in carrying part of the property, which had been stolen away, through the probable means of that key. If you are not satisfied, the next question for your ultimate consideration will be, whether they were stolen by them at all; we have no evidence before us how they got in, unless they got in through the means of that false key into the dwelling house. If you should be of opinion that they got into the house by means of the false key, you will find them guilty of stealing in the dwelling house. On the other hand, if you are not satisfied, and are of opinion that this house of the prosecutor's has not been sufficiently proved to be his dwelling house, you will in that case find them guilty of simple larceny.
HARCOURT, GUILTY, aged 31.
BROWN, GUILTY, aged 22.




               Of simple larceny only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
