





803. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PARCOX
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of October
,a shirt, value 5s. a pair of stockings, value 2s. a neck handkerchief, value 1s. a pair of pantaloons, value 2s. a cloth coat, value 4s. a waistcoat, value 2s. two shillings, a sixpence, three penny pieces, and five halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Barnett
                  




               
            . 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BARNETT
               



             sworn. - I am a Georgian; I was steward on board the ship Suspicious
; I lodged at Mr.Hamilton's, the corner of Neptune-street


, the White Hart: On Saturday morning, the 18th of this month, between four and five in the morning,I received an alarm from the maid of the house; I got up, and missed all the clothes that I pulled off before I went to bed; the prisoner slept in the same room in another bed, for that night only; I go to bed very early in general, and he went up with me, I think, between eight and nine o'clock; when I came down stairs in the morning, the servant-maid had hold of him by the collar, and the bundle in her hand.


                  SARAH 
                  GOWARTH
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Hamilton, the corner of Neptune-Street; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Barnett
               



             lodged in the house; the prisoner lodged there for that night, I did not know him before; I heard somebody go down stairs next morning between five and six o'clock, I slept in the next room; I called over the bannisters of the stairs, and said, is that you young man; he made no answer; I asked him again if that was him, and he said, yes; I instantly went into the bed-room to see whether the sheets were on the bed, and I asked 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Barnett
               



             where his clothes were; I looked for them, according to his description, and they were gone; I told him to get up, and I went down stairs directly in the dark, and opened the middle door, and I went into the parlour to get the key to open the street-door; I did not open the door, but found the prisoner in the tap-room, and I immediately laid hold of him; he had a bundle under his arm, the waistcoat being white, I could see it; I then called for my master, he came down with a light, and I took the bundle up in my hand; my master asked him what he could do it for; he said, he did it for want; my master ordered me to take the bundle up stairs, which I did; the officer was sent for, and I deliverd it to him.
THOMAS-FRENCH HAMILTON sworn. - I keep the White Hart public-house, the corner of Neptune-street: the prisoner came to sleep at my house on the 18th of October, I knew nothing of him before; it was agreed that he should sleep in the room with Barnett; in the morning I heard a voice, is that you young man; after that I was called down; I came down with the light, and saw the servant, and the prisoner at the bar, the servant had the clothes under her arm; I desired her to take them up into her own apartment, and I sent the prisoner up into his own apartment, and kept him there till eight o'clock; Barnett was in the room with him all the time, locked in; the constable was sent for, and I gave charge of him; and the bundle was also delivered to the constable.
Q. Did he give any account of himself? - A. Yes; he said he came from St. George's Fields, where he had been working; I asked him where he was going to work now; he replied, that he was going to work for a master bricklayer for six months, if they could agree; if so, he should make my house his home; he mentioned the name, but I cannot recollect what the name was.
(Marsb, the constable, produced the property, which was acpesed to by Barnett).
Prisoner's defence. I went to that house to lodge, meaning to go to work for Mr. Froome, the bricklayer, the next day; I got up as usual to go to work in the morning; I had given Mr. Hamilton my bundle the night before, and I did not Know that I had not got the right bundle.
 Hamilton. He left a bundle with me overnight, containing a pair of shoes, and an apron, like a butcher's, which his brother has had away from me. 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 32.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  THOMPSON
               



            .
