





214. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of January
, sixty pound weight of lead, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Blackburn
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Edward Gale 
                     Boldero
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Biley
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  COWARD
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. Blackburn, Boldero and Biley; I am a cooper.
Q. Do you know the sign of the Green Man, Bethnal Green


, what parish is it. - A. I believe it is St. Matthew, Bethnal Green.
Q. Who does the house belong to. - A. 
               
                  John 
                  Blackburn
               



            , 
               
                  Edward 
                  Gale Boldero
               



            , and 
               
                  Edward 
                  Biley
               



            ; they have a lease upon it; it is at present shut up and uninhabited.


                  JOHN 
                  MOLTON
               



            . I keep the Salmon and Ball, Bethnal Green.
Q. Do you remember on Tuesday night the 12th of January 
               
                  Mary 
                  Randell
               



             coming up to you. - A. Yes, near seven o'clock in the evening. In consequence of what she said I went out with two young men who were in my tap room; I went through the passage of the next door into the Green Man yard. At the time I was standing in the yard with the two young men, we consulted which would be the best way to secure the men we supposed to be in the house stealing of the lead. While I was consulting with them, two men rushed out of the door of the Green Man; we instantly pursued them, they ran towards Whitechapel, and jumped over some high paling into a field; I pursued them, and took the prisoner in the middle of a field; the other got off.
Q. Had you seen him all the while you were pursuing him. - A. Yes, only momentarily; we passed no other person. I am sure the prisoner is one of them that came out of the house. I took hold of the prisoner and brought him to my house; I delivered him to the watchman; he was taken to the watch-house.


                  MARY 
                  RANDELL
               



            . I live at Bethnal Green, I am apprentice to Mrs. Farrer. On the 12th of this month I was sent to the Salmon and Ball for a pint of beer.
Q. That is near the Green Man, is it. - A. Yes. I saw two men, they were on the top of the balcony of the Green Man, lifting up the lead.
Q. Was the lead affixed to that part of the house. A. Yes.
Q. Are you sure they were employed in lifting up the lead. - A. Yes. I went to the green stall first, and asked them if any body lived in the Green Man, they said no; he came out and halloaed to them, what business they had there.
Q. Did they make any answer. - A. No.
Q. What did the men do when he halloaed to them. - A. They went into the little door of the balcony; then I went to the Salmon and Ball. I told Mr. Molten what I had seen; he came out, and two men with him; they went into the green stall, and went into the Green Man back yard. I did not go with them.
Q. Did you see them go there. - A. No, I did not.


                  JAMES 
                  KENNEDY
               



            . I am a police constable belonging to Worship street. On hearing there had been some lead stolen from the Green Man, I and Ray, my brother officer, went to the Salmon and Ball, it was near eight o'clock in the evening; we went to the watchhouse and looked at the prisoner, and then we proceeded to the Green Man. We went up to the second floor, there is a large passage that leads out to the balcony; in this passage we found the lead cut in pieces and rolled up; there is a sack full of it, above a hundred weight, I dare say. We took the lead to the balcony, Ray and I matched it to the balcony, it completely fitted.
Q. Are you sure that it must be taken from that place. - A I am confident of it; it was fresh cut from the part that was left behind. I have no doubt but it come from that place.
Q. What is the value of it. - A. It was valued at ten shillings before the magistrate.
Prisoner's Defence. I do not know any thing about it at all; I enlisted for a soldier at the Star and Garter, Whitechapel; I was very tipsy, I did not know what I was doing; they have said the lead was cut; they searched my pockets; they did not find any knife about me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
