





764. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of September
, three shawls, value 7s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Harris
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  MARY 
                  HARRIS
               



             sworn. - My husband is a linen-draper
, in Whitechapel-Road


: On Wednesday, the 21st of September, between five and six, the prisoner came into the shop, and asked for some shawls, and pointed to the window, where there were three different pieces of shawls hanging up; I said, I would shew her some presently, as I was serving a customer; she stood close against the counter, next the window where the shawls hung on a line, but I did not see her take any thing; I got upon a stool to put up a bundle of stockings, and the prisoner said she would call again presently, and went out; the moment I got off the stool I missed the shawls from the line; I mentioned to the woman in the shop, who is a neighbour, and she said she would go after her; she did so, and came back and said she was in the Nag's Head public-house, about ten doors from my house; I took an officer, and found her there; she said; she had not been in my shop; the officer desired her to come along; he brought her back to my shop, and I saw a bit of the shawls hanging out of a bundle she had; it was opened, and there were three shawls, which are mine.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. - I am an officer, andapprehended the prisoner at the Nag's Head, with the shawls. (The shawls produced, and identified.)
Prisoner. I know nothing at all about them.




               GUILTY
            , aged 29.
Of stealing to the value of 4s. 9d.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
