





569. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  INGLIS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of June
, a pocketbook, value 1s. a pair of breeches, value 15s. a waistcoat, value 8s. a handkerchief, value 1s. ashirt, value 1s. a knife, value 1d. forty-four penny-pieces, and Thirty-two halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hughes
                  




               
            .
JOHN HUGHES sworn. - I am labourer
 to a soap-boiler in Charlotte-street, Wapping: On Saturday night, the 20th of June, between nine and ten in the evening, I met the prisoner in the New Cut, crying; I asked him what was the matter; he said he had no money and no lodging, and was unacquainted with London; I took compassion upon him, and took him home to my lodging, No. 1, Old Gravel lane


, between ten and eleven o'clock; the landlord let us both in and we went to bed; I awoke between five and six in the morning, and the prisoner was gone; I looked about my room and found my box broke open; I went in pursuit of the prisoner, and found him in Cannon-street, not a quarter, of a mile from my lodgings; when he saw me, he ran to make his escape along Pennington-street, and up St. John's-hill; I then cried stop thief; he was stopped; I took him to the Thames Police-office, and they would not take him in; I met with an officer in Church-lane, and gave charge of him; we took him to the Horse and Groom, in Church-lane, and the officer took all the property from him.


                  JAMES 
                  COLTON
               



             sworn - On the 20th of June, between ten and eleven o'clock, Hughes brought the prisoner to my house; I am sure he is the same man a black man in a sailor's dress, and about half past five in the morning I got up, and found the prisoner at the door; he asked me what o'clock it was; I told him it was half past five, and then I let him out, and as soon as he had gone out Hughes came down, and said, it serves me right, he has robbed me; he went in pursuit of him, and in the course of half an hour brought him back; we took him to the Police-office, and they would not take him in charge; then we took him to Whitechapel, and there the constable found every article mentioned in the indictment upon him.(Richard Osman, the officer, produced the property, which was identified by Hughes.)
Prisoner's defence. I was very much intoxicated, and in the morning, being very dry, I went to a public-house to get a pint of beer; I put on his clothes by mistake, and he came after me and said I had robbed him. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
