





697. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HERNSBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of October
, fifty pound weight of iron, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Green
               




            .
WILLIAM GREEN sworn. - I am a wheelwright
, the prisoner at the bar worked for me.
Q. Do you remember at any time observing any thing particular of his conduct? - A. I was informed, that he was a man of suspicious character. I saw him standing at the back part of the forge, I thought I observed him putting something in his breeches, I followed him out, he took his handkerchief with his dinner, and went up White Horse-street; I called my second son, and desired him to follow him, I thought he had some iron about him. In consequence of his watching him, I went into Stepney church-yard, where I saw some iron deposited; it was put behind a tomb-stone, at the chancel end of the church, and covered over with nettles. He left it there, I thought of taking the iron away, and not taking any more notice of it; I sent my son to take the iron away, when he returned, he told me, there was treble the quantity; I then said let it remain, and we will watch him. At seven o'clock, I lighted him out with the rest of the men, I followed behind him a few yards all the way, I got amongst the tombs till I heard the iron jingle, and in about two minutes he came on the proper path, I immediately collared him, and said, master Joe, what are you at, says I, you are serving me your old tricks, he said, oh, master do not hurt me, I said, where did you get this, he said, master, you know where I got it, it is your property; I hope you will not hurt me, he began to feel in his pockets, I was fearful he was feeling for a knife, I held him by both wrists, I called out, and my son George came with a watchman, then we took the iron from him, some out of his bosom, some out of his pockets, to the weight, I believe, of fifty pounds; I saw this piece lay behind the forge that afternoon, I put it down again, this was taken after I had seen some at the tomb-stone, and this I found about his person.


                  CHARLES 
                  GREEN
               



             sworn. - Q. Did you watch in consequence of your father's orders? - A. Yes, I saw him in the church-yard, he pretended to read the tomb-stones, he went further on, and deposited the iron between the wall and the tombstone, and then he covered it with nettles; I went again at four o'clock in the afternoon, to shew my father the iron, and at seven o'clock, when they left off work, my father, I, and my brother followed after him; we stowed ourselves behind three tomb-stones, where he could not see us; first of all, I saw him take the iron from behind the tomb-stone, I turned my head towards my brother, and he was gone, my father called out; I then went and fetched the watchman.
Q. Did you see the man with the iron about him? - A. Yes, I saw him pull it out of his waistcoat, my father has kept it ever since, till last night.

Prisoner's defence. This is the first offence I ever committed. I leave it to the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            , aged 50.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
