






387. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HIND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 5th of June

, twelve pound weight of types, value 1 l. 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     Strahan
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Preston
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             for 


               receiving the same goods on the same day, she knowing them to be stolen
            .
Another Count for like offence, the property of persons to the jurors unknown.
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  GEORGE 
                  MOORE
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. I believe you are warehouseman to Mr. Strahan and Mr. Preston, what are their names. - A. 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Strahan
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  Preston
               



            .
Q. On the 5th of June last and some time before, had the prisoner Hind been their servant as an apprentice
. - A. He had.
Q. In consequence of any thing that had passed, did you pay any attention to Hind on the 5th of June last. - A. I did, I met him on the stairs about two o'clock on that day, leading into the printing office, I saw his coat pockets were very full of something, I passed him without taking any notice whatever, I told a lad of the name of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Taylor
               



             to follow him, he did, and returned again in a few minutes.
Q. In consequence of what he said to you did you and Mr. Preston go immediately to Hatton Garden police office. - A. Yes, we procured a warrant, and went immediately to the house of Mrs. Taylor in Field lane.
Q. How near is that to the office. - A. About a quarter of a mile.
Q. What time do you think had elapsed from your seeing Hind on the stairs, to your arriving at Mrs. Taylor's. - A. Near an hour, the officer Trott accompanied us.
Q. Did you find any thing at her house. - A.We found some types melting in a ladle on the fire, the woman's son was melting them.
Q. Was she in the house when you found them. - A. She was in the front shop, the types were melting in a back place up a few steps.


                  CHARLES 
                  TAYLOR
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am a servant of Mr. Strahan and Mr. Preston. On the 5th of June, by the desire of Mr. 
               Moore
             I followed 
               
                  John 
                  Hind
               



             to an iron shop in Field lane (Mrs. Taylor's), I saw him go into the shop, then I went home and told Mr. Moore.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp.
Q. I understood you first of all to say the house of Mrs. Taylor, you know that she is a married woman, and that Mr. Taylor her husband keeps the shop. - A. Yes


                  JONATHAN 
                  TROTT
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are an officer. - A. Yes; on the 5th of June I went to the house of Mrs. Taylor, in company with Mr. Preston and Mr. Moore.
Q. It is stated that her husband keeps the shop. - A. I believe it to be so, I found her in the front shop.
Court. Was her husband at home. - A. He was not, I asked first of all Mrs. Taylor whether Mr. Taylor lived there, her answer was yes, I then asked her if she had purchased any types of a boy, she said no, I then asked her if her husband had purchased any, she said no, that he could not, for he had been out a great while (some hours); I then told her I had a search warrant and I must search the place; there was three gentlemen went with me and a brother officer, I told them to let nobody go out of the house; I then went backwards into a place where I knew there was a forge, a boy was making up the fire, I believe it to be Mrs. Taylor's son, and these letters were laying on the side of the fire.
Q. First of all what is that that is in the ladle. - A. Types partly melted, and some fresh, these were on the top of the ladle, this piece of iron was to keep them down in the bowl; Mrs. Taylor came into the shop where the forge was while I was there, I asked her how she could tell me that falsity that she had not purchased any types of a lad; she then told me she had purchased them of a lad, and she was afraid of saying any thing before; I asked her how much she gave for them, she said there was twelve pounds, and she gave three halfpence a-pound; I then directed my brother officer to take care of her, I went into the front shop again, and at the end of the scale I picked up these few more types, I took her to the office; I went to Hind's mother, I could not findhim there, I traced him as far at Rochester, Chapman apprehended him.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp.
Q. I understand that you know this woman is a married woman. - A. I believe her to be married, I knew her husband, he lives there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHAPMAN
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are a police officer. - A. Yes, I apprehended the prisoner Hind, near his mother's house in Bowling-green-lane, Clerkenwell; when I brought him from the House of Correction, before he was fully committed, he informed me that he had been to Mrs. Taylor's four times, and at the time he sold these types she was to give him one shilling and sixpence, I understood there was only nine pound, and she was to give him two pence a pound.
Prisoner. I told him that I had only been there three times.
(The property produced and identified.)
The prisoners left their defence to their counsel.
Hind called one witness, who gave him a good character.
Taylor called eight witnesses, who gave her a good character.
HIND - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 15.





               Confined Six Months in the House of Correction
            , and 



               fined One Shilling
            .
TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 44.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
