





605. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     TODD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of September
, a silver table-spoon, value 7s. a silver salt-spoon, value 2s. 6d. and a silver top of pepper-box, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Leach
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOWES
               



             sworn. - I am a waiter at the London Coffee-house


; it is kept by Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Leach
               



            : On Wednesday the 3d of September the prisoner came in and asked for a bason of soup, which he had and paid for in the coffee-room; a little while after he left the coffee-room I missed a table-spoon; I immediately went after him and caught him in Stationers-court; he begged pardon, he put his hand in his pocket and gave me one spoon; he then put his hand in his pocket again, and gave me another spoon; that was a salt-spoon; I asked him why he did it; he said, from distress; he came back with me very quitely; when he was brought back to the coffee-room he was searched by the constable, and the top of a pepper-box found upon him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KIMBER
               



             sworn. - I am a constable;(produces the property;) I took the pepper-box top from the prisoner; the spoons I had from Howes; when I had him in Mr. Leach's private room he held up his hand and was going to give me a blow on the head.(The property was deposed to by Howes.)
Prisoner's defence. I have nothing to say; I expected Mr. Hodgson, of Symond's Inn; but he is not here to-day.



               GUILTY
            , (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            ,
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
