





282. 
               
                  ANN 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of March
, twenty-one yards of cotton, value 42s. the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Janaway
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        Charles-Thomas 
                        Brookes
                     



                  , privately in their shop
            .
JAMES JANAWAY sworn. - I am a linen-draper

, No. 30, Parliament-street


: On Saturday the 27th of March, about twelve o'clock, the prisoner came to our shop for some Irish linen, the same that her friend bought the Monday before, the price, she said, was two shillings and a penny; she described it as a remnant of about five yards; I shewed her two or three, to which she objected; I turned to look for another piece, and on turning towards her, I suspected, from her confused manner, that she had taken something; we had five pieces of print come in the evening before, which I had just shewn to a lady, and were lying on the counter, and upon looking them over I missed one; the prisoner desired me to measure a piece of cloth, and while I was measuring it, she removed to the other end of the counter, and seemed very much encumbered with something; the piece I measured was five yards and a quarter; she said that was not the same, being more in quantity; I shewed her one or two others, and went round the counter where the prisoner was standing, to see if I could discover what she had taken; I observed she was standing with her legs across; I saw her take a piece of print from between her thighs, and throw it on the opposite side of the counter, and it fell on the ground; I said to her, I thought what she had been about; I desired Mr. Willes to piece up the piece of print; we detained her, and sent for a Police officer.
Q. Who else were there in the shop? - A. Mr. Willes, and John-Augustus Brookes.
Q. Is he your partner? - A. No; they were setting an account.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You said nothing to this woman before she put this piece of cotton to the other side of the counter? - A. No.
Q. You had not charged her with any thing? - A. No, I had not.
Q. How lately before had you been serving upon that spot? - A. On the spot where the prisoner first came in, I had shewn a lady some things; but where the prisoner threw the print from her, was three yards from where the print had laid.
Q. All that she did, was to remove this to the other side of the counter? - A. No; she had it between her thighs.

Q. Did you see it between her thighs? - A. No. I saw her take it from there; she put her hand there, and the print flew from there to the other side.
Q. Might it not have been sliding down, and she removed it up? - A. No.
Q. Why not - do you mean to swear the print might not have slipped down on the side of the counter on which she was? - A. She was not near enough to catch it; if the print had been lying there, I must have seen it.
Q. You had not come up to her? - A. Yes; I was standing close by the side of her.
Court. Q. Did you know any thing of this woman before? - A. No, I have never seen her before to my knowledge.
THOMAS-FAIR WILLES sworn. - I am shopman to Messrs. Janaway and Brookes; I was standing at the farther end of the shop, and was desired by Mr. Janaway to pick up a piece of print, which I did; how it came there I do not know; I had my back towards her at the time.(John Hobbs, the officer, produced the property, which was identified by the prosecutors.)
Prisoner's defence. I never saw the piece of print till the gentleman picked it off the ground, and said, I meant to steal it.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave her an excellent character. GUILTY, aged 27.
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
