





665. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     COOPER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of August
 four papers of types for printing, value 20 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Harding
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Wright
                        



; second count for like offence only charging them to be four pages of types for printing.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HARDING
               



            . I am a printer

 in St. John Square


. 
               
                  Edward 
                  Wright
               



             is my partner, the prisoner was a journeyman compositor
 in our service.
Q. In consequence of something passing in your mind, did you watch the prisoner on the 12th of August, did you observe him going away from his employ that morning - A. Yes, I followed him about an hundred yards, when I came up to him, I said Mr. Cooper you must come back, when he came back I asked him what he had in his parcel, he said a pair of pantaloons, I took the parcel in my hand, and found it was very heavy. I desired him to untie it, he did so, and the pantaloons appeared; I opened the pantaloons, and it contained two or three parcels of these types, they were tied up in paper, the writing on the paper described what type they were, the writing was my overseer's.
What did the prisoner say to you - A. Oh God! Mr. Harding it is all over with me, and added that it had been a very unlucky week to him.
Court. What was the value of these types - A. They are worth fifteen pence a pound as old metal, the value of the whole found upon him was between
Q. What makes you call them papers of types -
A. Because after printing they are separated in sixteen parts of a sheet, and tied up in paper.
Q. Has the trade any particular name for them when they are tied up - A. I believe not except in the manner which has been used.
Q. Would any body know by a paper of types what they mean - A. Yes, as I have stated as many letters as compose a page.
Q. That in the trade would be called a paper of types - A. I do not know that there is any specific term for it.


                  John 
                  Parkes
               



            . Q. You are apprentice to Mr. Harding, I believe - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see Mr. Cooper on the 12th of August in the printing office in the morning - A. Yes, I saw him go into the front composing room to the type closet and take up several papers of types, and then he went towards the stairs.
Q. Had Cooper any business in that closet at that time - A. No.
Court. Did he see you when you saw him - A. Yes, when he returned from the closet, he did not see me when he went to the closet, he said nothing to me.


                  JOHN 
                  HEARNE
               



            . Q. You are overseer to Messrs. Wright and Harding - A. Yes.
Q. You know this closet where these types were - A. Yes that was a closet where we put in old type, there was another closet where we put in type that we use.
Q. Had any compositor any business to take out anything from that closet - A. Not without they had put any thing in there, the prisoner had not a right to go there, and take out any types; if he wanted any thing he should have applied to me.


                  John 
                  Davis
               



            . I assisted in apprehending the prisoner, when I was in the room with him, he said he hoped his master would have mercy on him because he could not be in his senses.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. My Lord and Gentlemen of the jury, I commit myself to your mercy, and trust that as it is the first felonious offence that I have been charged with, I shall not solicit in vain, particularly on account of my family and relations who are of respectability. I might have had several citizens to my character, who could have spoken to my honesty, but I have preferred the danger of not having the best of witnesses, rather than plunge the best of parents into the greatest wretchedness; to the best of my knowledge there are but two or three persons except my wife in possession of my reputed crime, and the lenity I may obtain in consequence thereof shall not be ill-bestowed. I will by my future conduct make atonement for the lenity shewn me, and the distress that will fall on all belonging to me, by my appearance at this bar.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
