





597. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     THEW
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of August
, two silver spoons, value 15s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Lewis 
                     Williams
                  




               
            .


                  LEWIS 
                  WILLIAMS
               



             sworn. - I am a glazier
, No. 24, Bishopsgate-without


; I lost two silver spoons on the 11th of August; the prisoner came to my house about one o'clock, to offer herself as a servant
, my wife not being at home, I desired her to wait, as I expected her in in a sew minutes; the prisoner waited in the passage, leading to the parlour about ten minutes, and my wife not coming in, I desired her to call again; she said, she would rather wait; I said, she had better go down into the kitchen, and sit with the servant; my wife came home soon after, and I told her a person was in the kitchen, waiting to speak with her; they had some short conversation together, and the prisoner left the house; as soon as she was gone, my wife went into the parlour for a table-spoon, and missed one; the girl said, she saw the prisoner come out of the parlour; I then suspected the prisoner; there was a tea-spoon then missed from the kitchen; my wife went after the prisoner to where she said she lodged, but she did not lodge there; then my wife and the officer found the prisoner offering the spoons to pledge, and likewise a duplicate of the tea-spoon, which I have seen and knew to be mine.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WILLIAMS
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of the last witness; I came home and found the prisoner in the kitchen, she wanted a place, and I wanted a servant, but finding she would not suit me, very few words passed; she told me where she lived in case I altered my mind; when I missed the spoon, I went to where she told me she lived, which was Mrs. Maudsley's house; I found she had lodged there, but did not then; Mrs. Maudsley went with me to different pawnbrokers; I went to the house of Woodman, the officer, and took him with us; upon our return from the search, we found the prisoner at Mr. Fleming's, with the table-spoons; I asked her where the tea-spoon was, and she said, she would answer no question till she was obliged; I found the tea-spoon at a pawnbroker's at London-wall; Woodman found the duplicate upon her.


                  MARY 
                  MORRIS
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Williams; the prisoner came to my master's-house, I think, on a Saturday, about one o'clock; my mistress was out and my master, but my master came in before my mistress; the prisoner and I were talking in the passage; I went down into the kitchen, and as I came up the kitchen stairs, I saw her coming out of the parlour.
Q. Where did you first see her? - A. In the shop; I was in the shop; she was in the shop-passage when my master came in by the accompting-house; after my master came in she went into the kitchen; my mistress went down into the kitchen to her; the prisoner went into the parlour before she went down into the kitchen; after she was gone I missed a tea-spoon out of the kitchen; I had seen the table-spoon in the parlour-window just before she came in.


                  JAMES 
                  WOODMAN
               



             sworn. - I am an officer; I apprehended the prisoner on the 11th of August; Mrs. Williams came to me; I went with her to several pawnbrokers; she had given a description of the spoons at Mr. Fleming's, and when I got back I found Mr. Fleming had stopped the prisoner; I went with Mrs. Williams to Mr. Fleming's, and took charge of the prisoner; I found a great many duplicates upon her, and among them one of this tea-spoon, pledged at Mr. Purse's, London-wall; I went with Mrs. Williams, and saw the tea-spoon.


                  PETER 
                  BERRY
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Fleming: On Thursday the 11th of August, Mrs. Williams left a description of the table-spoon; about five minutes after the prisoner brought it to pledge, and I gave her in charge to the constable. - (Produces the spoon.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  GILL
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Purse
               



            , London-wall, (produces a teaspoon); I took it in pledge from the prisoner on the 11th of August.(The spoons were identified by Mrs. Williams.)
Prisoner's defence. I never was in the parlour at all. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
