





367. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MANN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of May
, seven shirts, value 1 l. 8 s. 6 d. three yards of brown linen, value 3 s. 6 d. one pair of flannel drawers, value 2 s. 6 d. one yard and a half of flannel, value 3 s. and a yard of Russia duck, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Dixon
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  DIXON
               



             sworn. - I am a slop-seller
, in Fenchurch-street


: On the 19th of May, after taking Pritchard, I got a search-warrant for Mann at the Mansion-house; he lived in Bevis Marks.
Q. How did you know the prisoner lived in Bevis Marks? - A. By the direction in my book; I did not go there myself, I gave the officer directions.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. How long has the prisoner lived with you? - A. Five or six months.
Q. How long had you taken stock before you missed this property? - A. I had taken stock two or three months before this happened.

Q. Do you deal in wholesale or retail? - A. In wholesale and retail.
Q. Were the articles made up? - A. Yes.
Q. Then they might have found their way into the world if any body went and bought them at your shop? - A. Yes.
Q. Had he any family? - A. I never heard he had.
Court. Q. What wages did you pay him? - A. Twenty-nine shillings a week; he was another of my cutters.


                  ELISHA 
                  CRABB
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: On Saturday, the 19th of May, I had a search-warrant to search the prisoner's lodgings; I went to No. 30, Bevis Marks, on the second floor, there was nobody in the rooms at all; I searched them both, 
               
                  John 
                  Turner
               



             went with me to the prisoner's lodgings; I found the articles mentioned in the indictment there, I brought the articles away, and locked them up in the Marshal's office; I produce the property.


                  JOHN 
                  TURNER
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I went with the last witness to the prisoner's lodgings, we brought the property away.


                  MOSES 
                  ANDRADE
               



             sworn. - Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. He and his wife lodged in my second floor for four or five years; I know nothing of this business.
Court. Q. (To Prosecutor.) Look at the things produced, and tell us whether you know any of these things are your's? - A. These seven shirts belong to me, six are striped cotton sea-faring shirts, and one white soldier's shirt, with a frill; there is no mark upon them; I employ a man in the country who makes the whole of this cotton.
Q. What is the value of these seven shirts? - A. They are valued at one pound eight shillings and sixpence; I had only a remnant, a yard and a half, of swansdown in the house, and the piece of swans-down found in the prisoner's lodgings is not quite a yard; I have the other piece here, and the piece found at the prisoner's lodgings make up a yard and a half; it is the same pattern, I value that at two shillings; the buttons I cannot speak to myself, they are in this paper with the word middling upon it; it is the writing of my young man, they are valued at four shillings and sixpence.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. These shirts have no mark on them? - A. No, I know them by the pattern and quality.
Q. Could not any person find in shops of the same description, shirts of the same quality and pattern? - A. I do not think they could for width, length, pattern, and quality; I know so well the particular patterns, and the cotton the man makes by contract, I know I am perfectly right.
Q. Has he a patent to make that pattern? - A. No.
Q. How many different shirts have you sold? - A. A great many.
Q. And no mark on them at all? - A. No.
Q. Now, with respect to that piece of swans-down, you did not make that? - A. I did not; I only say that was in my possession.
Q. Do you mean to state, from your own knowledge, that it was in your possession before the 19th of May, or do you speak so because some of your servants knew that? -
Court. Q. Had you yourself observed that individual thing in your stock? - A. Yes, a little while before, on the 30th of April I took stock.
Mr. Gurney. Q. On the 30th of April you took stock, did you yourself notice that there was only a yard and a half of that swansdown? - A. Particularly so, and on the 19th of May I found but half the remnant.
Q. Now, with respect to the shirt-buttons, there is your servant's mark upon the paper, and that piece of paper was in your warehouse - do you swear to the buttons? - A. I can give you a fellow-parcel of buttons to it.
Q. You do not mean to say they are not common buttons? - A. They are not common buttons.
Mr. Gurney. (Shews the buttons to the Court.) They are common sugar-loaf buttons.
Q. Persons, who are not slop-sellers, do make use of them? - A. They do.


                  CHARLES 
                  WRIGHTEN
               



             sworn. - I am a servant of Mr. Dixon, (looks at the paper of buttons,) that is my mark, the word middling.
Q. Can you say that was in your shop before the 30th of April, or earlier? - A. I cannot say.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. All that you can say is, that is your mark, you cannot say when it was in your warehouse? - A. No.
Q. You had many others marked in the same way, middling, and the same sort of buttons? - A. Yes.
Q. Will you tell me how many more persons, slop-sellers, might or might not have in their possession as many as there are persons dealing in the articles? - A. Yes, we do not sell them, we put them on shirts; in that paper is twelve gross.
Q. You do not sell buttons - now, supposing the paper in which buttons is bound up that are to be used, when the paper is empty, what becomes of it - it is waste paper, is it not? - A. Yes.
Prisoner's defence. I am innocent of that which I am accused of.
The prisoner called seven witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
