





714. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARMONY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of August
, twelve pieces of tortoise-shell, value 30s.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Atty
               



             the elder, 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Atty
                  



               
             the younger, and James Dawson.(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)
RICHARD NORTH sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a Police-officer: On the evening of the 6th of August, I was on duty on the river; a little after six o'clock I saw the prisoner and another man in a boat under the bows of the ship Alert, in Bell Wharf tier


, on the Middlesex side of the river; I perceived that his sides were bulky; I ordered my men to pull, and upon seeing me coming up, he ran up one side of the ship Alert, and I ran up the other side, and found him in the act of recovering himself from stooping; at his feet I found a bag containing tortoise-shell; I then caught hold of him, and then a boy belonging to the ship, of the name of Gregg, came forward, and said, in his hearing, what has he dropped, Sir; I picked up the bag, which contained twelve piecesof tortoise-shell, I have had them ever since; Mr. Ford, the mate, came on board the boat to know what he had taken; he asked the prisoner if he had been at work on board the Alert, he asked him several times before he would give him an answer, at last he said he had; just one of the lumpers; I then took him ashore and secured him.
Cross-examined by Mr. Bevil. Q. Do you mean to swear that that is what he dropped? - A. I caught him in the act of righting himself.
GEORGE GREGG sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a sailor on board the Alert; I was standing across the quarter-deck and saw the prisoner come up and throw down this tortoiseshell under the pig-styes in a bag, I ran forward to North and asked him what it was; he said he could not tell; he opened it, and it contained tortoiseshell.


                  HUMPHREY 
                  FORD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am the mate of the Alert; I was on board on the 6th of August; the Captain's name is James Macdonald; I saw the prisoner in custody, I asked him several times whether he had been at work on board the ship that day, and he for several times hesitated; I knew he had been at work as a lumper, but I was determined to get an answer from him; he at last said he had.
Prisoner's defence. I am innocent of it; there were fourteen men on board the ship as well as me.
For the Prisoner.
ALEXANDER BROOKFIELD sworn. - I was on board the Alert; I know the prisoner to be perfectly innocent.
Court. Q. Take care what you are saying? - A. What I am saying is the truth; he had not an opportunity of going down; he was never off the capstern of the vessel.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Are you the gentleman that North saw with him in the boat? - A. No; I was upon deck, I was the foreman of this man.
Q. How came you not to say when he was taken this is an innocent man? - A. I did not know what it was till he was in the boat.
Q. You went before the Magistrate I take it?- A. No.
Q. You are sure he could not take the tortoiseshell? - A. I think not.
Q.(To North). Do you know that man? - A. This man I believe is the other man who was in the boat.
Q. Are you quite sure he is the man? - A. I am certain of it; they were both standing in the boat ready to shove off.
The prisoner called six witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
Alexander Brookfield was immediately committed to Newgate.
