





260. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SAUNDERS, alias 
BROWN





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of February
, a table clock, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Roberts
                        




                     
                   privately in his shop
            .
Second Count for like offence, only stating it to be in the dwelling house of 
               
                  William 
                  Roberts
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBERTS
               



             sworn. I am a watchmaker
, I live in St. James's-market


, I lost the clock on the 21st of February last, between the hours of six and seven in the evening; a person came in at that time about having something done to a watch; (I cannot say the prisoner was the person), I looked at the watch and observed that it wanted cleaning, he said he wished me to change the glass, I told him I had no time then, he might have it done altogether, he went out unobserved by me, and about two hours afterwards I missed a clock; I sent to a number of different pawnbroker's, at last I received a note from Mr. Turner, saying, that he believed that he had the clock, (the clock produced) this is the clock.
Q. Could a man carry that out of your shop without your perceiving it. - A. He might, I had not the least idea of any person taking the clock away, it was standing about six inches to the left where I was sitting, I was very busy at the time.
- TURNER sworn. I am a pawnbroker at No. 1, Lower John-street Golden-square; on the 21st or 22d of February, I believe I received that clock from the prisoner at the bar.
Q. Are you sure that he is the man. - A. I am, I bought the clock of him, I gave him five pound for it.
Q. Did you know him before. - A. I never saw him before; in about a fortnight after the prisoner came again, to know if I would purchase a clock that he had in pledge, I told him that I was busy, if he would call again the next day I might, I wished to have time to take him in custody; he came the next evening, I took him into custody.
Q. (to prosecutor.) Are you sure that clock is yours - A. I have known it these thirty years.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the crime that is charged against me. On February last, I was in a public house, a genteel man came in and asked me to pawn this clock, upon which I went.
GUILTY, aged 26.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine Shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
