





358. 
               
                  JOB 
                  HATT
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of February
, a silver watch, value 40 s. and a jacket, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Green
                     




                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Atkins
                     



.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a warehouseman to a printer
; I live at No. 12, Eagle-street, Red-Lion-square


, in 
               
                  John 
                  Atkins
               



            's house; I lodge with my mother, she has the two garrets.
Q. Your mother took the lodgings and you pay her - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. Yes; he came to me on the 24th of February, he is a bookbinder; I have known him three years, he lodged in the back garret with me two nights; I took him out of charity, to keep him out of the streets; he told me he was going to a place on the Monday; he slept in my room on the 24th and 25th, not in the same bed with me, we put some boxes up, and two pillows for him to sleep on. I put the watch under my head; in the morning, about five o'clock, he awakened me and asked me the way to the privy; I told him; he went down stairs and did not return; I went to sleep after that, I awoke about seven o'clock, I missed my watch and my velveteen jacket that was laying on my bed. On Monday the 6th of March I saw the prisoner in St. Martin's watchhouse, I asked him where my property was; he told me that he had lent the watch to Mr. Jones, a publican in Tower street for twenty eight shillings; the jacket he had sold in Rosemary lane for four shillings and six pence; but he could not exactly tell me the place. I saw the watch on the 6th of March, but the jacket I have never seen again.


                  DANIEL 
                  JONES
               



            . I keep the Hussar's Head in Tower street. The prisoner came to my house for a lodging; I cannot exactly tell the time, it was four or five days before the 6th of March; he had a lodging for two or three nights; before he went away he said he had a watch in pawn, and as he owed me two or three nights lodging, and for a little porter besides, he said if I would go along with him and take the watch out of pawn, he would sell it to a jew for two pounds. I went with him to the pawnbroker by Well close-square; I redeemed it; I gave twenty eight shillings and some odd pence; I went with him to a jew in Rosemary-lane to sell the watch; the jew said he would give no more than a guinea and a half for the watch; the twenty eight shillings that I paid for the watch, and the odd halfpence, and two or three shillings he owed me for the lodging and beer, I thought I might as well keep the watch as let the jew have it. I kept the watch with his consent. Nettleton, the officer, has the watch.
- NETTLETON. On Monday morning I went with the prosecutor to St. Martin's watchhouse; I asked the prisoner what he had done with his watch; he told me he left it at Mr. Jones's for twenty eight shillings, which he owed Mr. Jones; the jacket he said he had sold in Rosemary-lane for four shillings and six pence. Green and I went to Mr. Jones; he produced the watch directly; I have had the watch ever since.
The property produced and identified.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.
GUILTY, aged 23.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
