





622. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of September
, two bank notes, value 20 l. each, and two bank notes, value 10 l. each
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Edmunds
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  EDMUNDS
               



            . I am clerk
 of the London district to pay the recruiting officers. On the evening of the 3d of September I called at the Coach and Horses, King-street, Westminster; there I drank gin and water with three or four friends; from there we went to Charles-street, Westminster; there we had punch; we waited till half past eleven.
Q. Did you get drunk there. - A. No. Then I proceeded home to Pimlico. I met with the prisoner, I went home with her to Perkin's Rents, Westminster


, I went to bed with her and went to sleep; when I awoke in the morning I found I was alone; I began to look at my pantaloons; I had laid them under my head. I found them on the bed, and all the notes were gone;I had sixty pounds in my pocket.
Q. Did you find any of your property. - A. The officer found some part of it.
Q. Are you sure she is the woman - A. Yes.
Q. Why you must be pretty forwards. - A. No; I did not drink pretty rapidly
- SKINNER. I am an officer of Queen-square. I apprehended the prisoner in Parker's Rents; I understood afterwards it was not her room. I searched in her pockets, I found a one pound note, two seven shilling pieces, twenty-four shillings and a sixpence in silver; I stripped her, and two twenty pound bank of England notes dropped on the floor, and a ten pound note. I asked her what she had done with the other ten pound note, she said she knew nothing about it, nor did she know how she came by these notes.


                  ROBERT 
                  MARSHALL
               



            . These are the notes that I gave in change for a two hundred pound note. I am clerk at Messrs. Drummonds; I have seen the prosecutor; I do not know he is the person I changed the note for.


                  JAMES 
                  GILMORE
               



            . When the woman was apprehended she said she had fetched her things out of pawn out of part of the serjeant's notes. I found a quantity of wearing apparel in her apartment, bundled up; she said she brought them from Mr. Sherrinan's, a pawnbroker in Stretton Ground.
- BINGHAM. I am shopman to Mr. Sherrlnan. I received a two pound note of the prisoner on the 4th of September, to redeem these things that were in pledge.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met the prosecutor betwixt twelve and one o'clock, he was very much intoxicated. When we came home he gave me a shilling to get something to drink; it was too late then to get something; in the morning, as soon as I could, I went out, about half past four, and when I returned the prosecutor was gone; he gave me a two pound note for being with me.
Q. to prosecutor. Did you give her a two pound note. A. No; I do not believe I had one; I received all the money at Messrs. Drummonds.



               GUILTY
             aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
