





154. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     EDDINGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of December
, a firkin of butter, value 1 l. 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Fitch
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Fitch
                  



               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  FITCH
               



            . I am a cheesemonger
, I live at No. 83, Leadenhall street, I am in partnership with James Fitch. I can only speak to the property.


                  SIMON 
                  SOLOMON
               



            . I am an officer. On the 12th of December, at six in the morning, as I was going to put my horse out, I saw the prisoner with a firkin on his head, just by Petticoat lane, it was very dark; I asked him what he had got there, what is that to you he said; I said I wished to know, he said he should not tell me. I seized him by the collar, made him put the firkin of butter down, and took him to the watchhouse. When he was before the magistrate he said he was a porter, he was hired to carry it. I wished to find out the owner of it, I advertised it; by that means the owner came to my house.
Mr. Alley. There was no concealment in this action. A. None.
(The property produced and identified.)


                  JOHN 
                  CONWAY
               



            . I am a staymaker.
Mr. Alley. Do you remember on the morning of the 12th of December being at Aldgate. - A. Yes, I saw the prisoner at a public house door there.
Q. Is there any place there at which porters apply. - A. I believe there is.
Q. What time did you see him there. - A. About seven o'clock; I cannot exactly say the time, it was between six and seven.
Court. Mr. Solomon, what time was it you saw the prisoner. - A. Six o'clock, the bell had just began to ring.

Q. 
            (to Conway). What time do you usually get up. - A. I usually get up between six and seven; that morning I had to go to Westminster, I got up before six.
Q. Where do you live. - A. At that time I lived in Sun street. I had my brother with me, I called in the Minories for a glass of brandy.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
