





233. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NUNN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of April
, five wine-glasses, value 20 d. five tumblers, value 20 d. two milk-pots, value 2 s. 6 d. one mug, value 1 d. eight mugs, value 1 s. five milk pots, value 15 d. nine wine-glasses, value 4 s. 6 d. six egg-cups, value 2 s. two pepper-boxes, value 1 s. two tumblers, value 7 d. a lemonade-can, value 6 d. one decanter, value 1 s. twelve plates, value 3 s. 6 d. twelve cups, value 2 s. 3 d. fourteen saucers, value 2 s. 6 d. a butter-pot, value 2 s. one tea-pot, value 6 d. four bowls, value 1 s. three patty-pans, value 1 s. two basons, value 6 d. and two tea-trays, value 6 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Thomas and 
                        
                           
                              Joseph 
                              Burn
                           







            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  BURN
               



             sworn. - I live in Barbican


; I am partner with my brother, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Burn
               



            ; we keep a Staffordshire warehouse

; the prisoner was a porter
 with us near three months: On the 10th of this month, between nine and ten in the morning, the prisoner was going to breakfast; we had some reason to suspect him, and I followed him into the street, and said, Nunn; he made no answer; I asked him if he had any thing about him; he said he had; I took him by the collar, and took him to the warehouse; then I went in pursuit of an officer, and on searching him we found some things that are laid in the indictment, part in his breeches and part in his pockets; I asked him where his lodgings were; he refused to tell me for some time; afterwards, he told me his lodgings were in Swan-alley, Bishopsgate-street; while we were in pursuit of his lodgings in Bishopsgate-street and could not find it, his wife came to see why he did not come to breakfast; she told us that they lodged in Blue-anchor alley, Bunhill-row, we went there and found the remaining part that is in the indictment; these mugs and these tumblers we found in his pocket and breeches. (Produces them.)
Q. What did you find in his lodgings? - A. All these things. (Produced.)
Q. Do you know the tray to be your's? - A. This tray I can swear to; we convicted a man last sessions for stealing this very tray.
Prisoner's defence. These things in the basket, and the two tea-trays, have been sworn to by my prosecutor; I married on the 1st of April; Mr. Burn gave me leave to go out, and the wife that I married, her former husband was a tea-tray maker; he made these trays now in question; he has said he found these things about me; he only found three wine-glasses; he took the milk-pot off the desk, and then he put a private mark on them, and said he could swear to them, after he had put a private mark on them; they were on the desk.
Mr. Burn. Mr. Clark is in Court, and never lost sight of him from the time they were taken out of his breeches to the time the constable came.
- CLARK sworn. - I took this man into custody, and had these things delivered to me at Mr. Burn's, and these things were found at his lodgings.
Prisoner. He has said he found these things at my lodgings; they were not my property before I married this woman; her husband made them; he was sent on board a ship, and they were left in my wife's possession.
Court. Q. How do you account for those found in your breeches? - A. I acknowledge the three wine-glasses, but the others I do not; I had only sixteen shillings a week, and I was obliged -
Court. Q. What, to rob your master?



               GUILTY
            , aged 34
         




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder
