





106. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     KALEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of January
, a quart pewter pot, value 14 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Miller
                  




               
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  MILLER
               



             sworn. - I live at the Coach and Horses, Dean's yard, Westminster


.
Q. What is the prisoner? - A. He was a publican
 last Saturday; there was an appraisement at his house on that day; he kept the Westminster Arms, Bowling-street, the corner of Little Swiss-street; in consequence of information, I went to the scourer that scours pots for the defendant; I found there several pots defaced, and the pot I now produce.
Q. Has it the appearance of being defaced? - A. It has; there was A. Miller, Coach and Horses, Deans' yard, Westminster, marked on the pot, and on the handle was engraved, No. 5, but the figure of 5, on the bottom, was not engraved; we left the pots at the scourer's, as we found them, and proceeded to the prisoner's house; the scouring woman came into the house with a basket full of pots and pints; she delivered them into the custody of Mr. Kaley, down on the tap room table, and before I had said any thing to him about the pots, a publican came in, and asked him, if he had not got some of his pots; he examined the pots, and Mr. Mitchell, that was along with me, said, you have got one of mine; he claimed one, Clifford claimed one, and I claimed one.
Q. Is that pot in your hand, the pot you saw at the scourer's? - A. Yes; he said they were not our pots, he had bought them at a sale, and we had better not take them away without proper authority, if we did it would be worse for us, he would take us before a Magistrate; we told him we would not give him the trouble of going to a Magistrate, we would go ourselves, which Mr. Mitchell and I did, and they immediately sent an order, and brought him before them; he was examined how he came possessed of these pots, to prove which, he said he bought them of a respectablebroker; the broker was sent for, and by his books he denied having ever sold those pots to the prisoner.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. There was a sale of a publican's goods, some misfortune had happened to him, in consequence, there was a sale of all the pots he had in his house; the prisoner said he purchased those pots at his sale? - A. The prisoner said he bought them of that man, pointing to the number in the catalogue; the broker said, the pots I sold at the sale were to a blind man, but they are not the pots.
Q. When you went to Queen-square, he had not absconded? - A. No.
Court. Q. The mark is defaced on the handle but remains perfect at the bottom? - A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



             sworn. - I am an Officer of Queen-square; I apprehended him on the 5th of January; I have got six quart pots at home and five pints, besides what I produce here; they are all defaced, and some of them with his own name put on them.
Q. Did the prisoner say any thing to you? - A. He said he had bought them at a sale.
Prisoner's defence. The man that sold me the pots went about selling Jews pots, his name was Green; it is all spite and malice of the publicans in the neighbourhood; when I first took the house it had but little custom to it; I brought the house round from three butts of beer a month to three butts a week; the publicans in the neighbourhood have even sent people into the house to quarrel with me, on purpose to ruin the house; the house for many years went up seven stone steps; I took them away, and made the tap-room and bar level with the ground, but seeing how I was envied, I agreed to let the house; the pots I bought of this man on the same morning of the sale, part of them he marked in the house that day, but on account of the small engraver, the edge being broke, he could not mark them all; I said to him, you must be sharp, because I am leaving the house; I did not with to stop at Westminster.



               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
