





92. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of December
, six silver table-spoons, value 3 l. and three silver teaspoons, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Matthias 
                     Magrath
                  




               
            .


                  MATTHIAS 
                  MAGRATH
               



             sworn. - I live in Crown-street, Westminster


: On the 29th of September, I lost six table-spoons and three tea-spoons, all silver.
Q. What might be the value of them? - A. I cannot properly judge of the value of them, some of them being worn, I suppose three pounds; I missed them about half an hour after four o'clock, in the evening; the prisoner's master was a lodger in my house, and the prisoner had them to clean: my wife knows he had them.


                  MARY 
                  MAGRATH
               



             sworn. - Captain Shaw, the prisoner's master, came to my house on the 24th of December, he belonged to the 23d regiment; on the 29th, the captain was to have company to dinner, he asked me to let him have some silver spoons, which I did; when the dinner was ready, there was no cloth laid, nor no servant to be found, and when the lady came to lay the cloth there were no spoons, and the prisoner was gone; finding him gone, I asked captain Shaw if he was a man of character, and why he brought him into the house, if he did not know his honesty; he told me he knew him from the month of June; we went to Bow-street, and he was taken on the Sunday morning; I have seen one spoon since, which was found in his pocket, that I have sworn to; the man is here that took it out of his pocket; I knew the spoon, and know it to be mine.
Q. Has any more been found besides this single spoon? - A. No.
THOMAS - sworn. - I am one of the patrols belonging to Bow-street: On the 30th of December, I was sent for while the prisoner was in custody to receive him into my custody, at the watch-house, St. Giles's, where I immediately searched him, and in his right-hand coat-pocket I found this spoon, in a pocket-book; on Monday morning I took himto Bow-street, Mrs. Magrath came forward, and swore to it, and he was committed. (The spoon produced, and identified by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's defence. I am a private soldier, I belong to the 23d regiment of foot, I never was servant to captain Shaw, I only came up with him; as he was an officer, he said, he would renew the pass to Sunday morning following, neither did he trust me with any property whatever; I never received any property from the woman.
Prosecutrix. You received two spoons marked W A S, out of my hands.
GUILTY, aged 20,
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
