





725. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  COX, otherwise 
COCK





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of September
, a wooden cask, value 1s. and 104lb. of butter, value 5l.
             the property of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Flower
               




            , Esq
.(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)
JOHN ALLEN sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Charles Flower; the prisoner was carman
 to Mr. Stapp, cheesemonger, on Snow-hill, a customer of Mr. Flower's: On the 24th of October, the prisoner came to our house for twenty firkins of butter for Mr. Stapp; I delivered them to him myself at St. Catherine's Wharf


; he went away with them; after he was gone I missed a cask of Waterford butter from the wharf; there were ten casks; the prisoner's cart was about ten yards from them; I made enquiry about it, and went after the prisoner, but I did not see him again till after he was taken on the 26th.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. A certain quantity of butter had been delivered before that? - A. Yes.
Q. And the prisoner came for the remainder without knowing the number? - A. Yes.
Q. Were not these firkins nearly together? - No; one parcel was in the warehouse lowered down by a crane, and the other on the wharf.
CORNELIUS CORNELLON sworn. - I am cooper to Mr. Flower: On the 24th of September I saw the prisoner on the wharf; a cask of butter was missed, and I went after the prisoner as far as Tower-hill; I got up into his cart, and saw twenty firkins of Cork butter; I saw a hay-basket in the cart bottom upwards; I turned up the basket, and found a cask of Waterford butter; I charged him with having a cask of butter that he had no right to, and he denied it; I told him, of he did not give it up, I would have him taken up; then he said, it was a cask that was due to his master; I said, you should not take it without asking those that had the charge of it; I got a man to take it to the warehouse; he gave him a shilling to take it back, and then he begged I would not say any thing about it, and he would treat me with a glass of liquor, which I refused; the cask is here, it is the property of Mr. Flower; we always had a good opinion of the prisoner, or we would not have trusted him on the wharf.
The prisoner did not make any defence, but called his master, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
