






98. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HARDING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of December
, a silver watch, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Snipe
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SNIPE
               



             sworn. - On Sunday evening, the 16th of December, between eight and nine o'clock, I was in Parliament-street


; I met one Scholey, and I went into the Axe and Gate public-house to treat him with some liquor.
Q. Being in liquor yourself? - A. Yes; this woman, the prisoner, sat down in the same box where I was sitting, and when I came out of the public-house to go home, Mr. Scholey asked me if I had my property about me; I put my hand to my sob, and found my watch was gone, and my money out of my pocket; he wanted me to go back; I, being in liquor, did not, but desired him to look after it, and the next morning I found the prisoner in the watch-house; I did not know that I had lost the watch till I came out of the public-house.
Q. When had you felt your watch was safe? - A. When I was in the public-house I looked at the watch, I was fearful of being too late for going home.


                  EDMUND 
                  POOLE
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman of St. Margaret's; I was in Tothill-street, and heard the alarm of a watchman's rattle; I hastened to the spot, and found 
               
                  Mary 
                  Harding
               



             laying on the ground in the Almonry; Scholey had followed the girl there; I watched in Tothill-street; I went up there, hearing the watchman's rattle spring, and from information I had from Scholey I felt in her pocket, and found the watch and a dollar in her pocket. (The watch produced and identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I was coming along Charing-cross in the evening, and met this gentleman and Mr. Scholey; they took me to the Duke's Head, in Charing-cross, and we had two pints of gin hot; we came out of there, and went to the Axe and Gate, in Parliament-street, and sat there drinking; Mr. Scholey took the watch and two dollars out of his pocket before he went out of the house; after he had gone, this Scholey, a soldier in the Third Regiment of Guards, took one dollar away from me, and wanted me to deliver the watch up to him, and because I would not he gave charge of me to the watchman.
GUILTY, aged 24,
Of 


               stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
