





692. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of September
, a coat, value 2 l. a pair of breeches, value 1 l. two gowns, value 14 s. two petticoats, value 5 s. two shirts, value 9 s. a cloak, value 1 l. and a waistcoat, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Morgan
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Tagg
                     



.


                  SARAH 
                  TAGG
               



            . I live at No. 16, Great Swan alley, Coleman-street


; my husband's name is 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Tagg
               



            ; he is the landlord of the house. On the 19th of September, about ten o'clock at night, Mrs. Morgan went out; she said she had left the key of her room door under the mat; if I would have the goodness to open the door if her husband came home tipsey, and she had left her candle burning upon the table; sometime after there was a smell of something burning, I went up to Mrs. Morgan's room, she rents the two pair of stairs room; I found the key upon the mat, on the outside of the door; I took the key and opened the door, and went in: when I came in I saw a great smoke, as if woollen was burning; the second time I went up I found the bed on fire.
Q. Where was the candle. - A. The candle was out, and turned down in the flat candlestick.
Q. Then it was clear there had been somebody in the room. - A. Yes; when I first entered the room the candle was out. When I found the bed flaming, I took my hands and put them in a lump into some water that was close by to put the fire out; after that I looked to see what them things were in the pot; it was a light gown, a shawl, night cap, and bed gown. After I put the fire out, I did not wake the child; that child was Mrs. Morgan's grand child.
Q. What age was the child. - A. About six years of age.
Q. When did Mrs. Morgan come home. - A. About eleven o'clock. The prisoner was a particular acquaintanceof Mrs. Morgan, her husband belongs to an oil warehouse in Lombard-street.


                  MARGARET 
                  MORGAN
               



            . Q. You lodge in the house of Mrs. Tagg. - A. I do, my husband's name is 
               
                  David 
                  Morgan
               



            .
Q. On the 19th of September you had occasion to go out. - A. Yes, I left my key under the mat; I told Mrs. Tagg of it; afterwards I told Mrs. Thomas, the prisoner, of it; the prisoner lived opposite of me.
Q. Where is this house of yours. - A. No. 6, Great Swan-alley; I asked Mrs. Thomas if she would have the goodness to look after my little boy, while I went after my husband; I told her I would leave the key under the mat, she said she would; I said if in case Mrs. Tagg was gone to bed before I came home. I would ask Mrs. Tagg for the key to leave with Mrs. Thomas, to let herself in, provided I should have come home, and they were gone to bed; she did; and I left the key of the street door with Mrs. Thomas, and the key of my room under the mat; and I likewise left the candle alight in a flat candlestick on the table; I told Mrs. Thomas, and then I went. I returned about eleven o'clock, and when I entered the street door, Mrs. Tagg said, your bed is sadly burned; but your child is safe; I was greatly alarmed; I said nothing, I went up stairs, I found my bed burnt, and the child safe; I left the child laying on the chairs, at the foot of the bed, and there I found him; I looked round, I saw my keys moved out of one drawer into another; I opened my drawers, I found I was robbed; I came down stairs and told Mrs. Tagg, then I fixed upon Mrs. Thomas.
Q. Why did you fix upon Mrs. Thomas. - A. Because she had my keys, no other reason.
Q. Where were your things afterwards found. - A. In her apartment; the next morning my things were found.
Q. Were you present when they were found. - A. I was the next morning; I went to her house, and the officer, 
               
                  John 
                  Collins
               



            , was with us; I found two gowns of mine, a petticoat, two shirts of my husband's, one waistcoat of my own boys, and one black cloak; my husband's clothes were found at Mr. Smith's the pawnbroker.
Q. Had you seen them all that night before you went out. - A. Yes, they were all in my drawers.


                  DAVID 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I came home Saturday night, about a quarter after eleven o'clock.
Q. Do you of your own knowledge know any thing of the affair. - A. Not all. On Sunday morning the landlord where the prisoner lives sent for me; I went over to Mr. Thomas's place, in company with Collins; there was a bag found under the bed. Collins took charge of the prisoner, and put her in the Compter. On Monday morning we went to Mr. Smith, Wood-street, there we found some of the property.


                  JOHN 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 19th of September, I was officer of the night at Coleman-street watchhouse; I was sent for about half past twelve at night, to Swan-alley, there Mr. Morgan said he had been robbed, he gave charge of Mrs. Thomas; there was a man in bed, I supposed it was her husband. I asked him if he would give me leave to search the room, he said, by all means; on looking under the bed, I found a sack, I laid the contents on the floor; I asked Mr. Morgan if any thing there was his: he said, I want my coat, waistcoat and breeches; I searched the room, I could not find any thing of the kind; I put the things in the sack under the bedstead, where I found them. I took the prisoner to the Compter. On Sunday morning, about nine o'clock, Morgan came to me; he said he understood there was some of his property in the room, what I had pulled out of the sack. About eleven o'clock on Sunday I found Thomas at home; I laid the contents of the sack on the floor again, and Mrs. Morgan said they were all her property, she would swear to it. On Monday morning we went to Mr. Smith's in Wood-street, we found part of the property, which Mr. Morgan said he would swear to be his property. The pawnbroker resigned the property up to me; I told him he must come up to the mansion house. I have got the whole of the property here that I took, and some of the burnt things.


                  JAMES 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a plasterer; the prisoner and her husband rented an apartment in my house. On Saturday night, the 19th of September, I went to bed about ten o'clock, my wife came to bed about half past eleven, and awaked me about an alarm of fire, saying that the people over the way had a bed burnt; in a little time I heard Morgan accuse my lodger with the theft and the fire.
Q. Were your lodgers there then. - A. They were in the house at that time; Mr. Morgan gave charge to the officer to take her to the Compter, which he did; the husband of the prisoner accompanied her to the Compter, and returned and slept in his own apartment. The next morning, when I was in the kitchen, the prisoner's husband came down and knocked at my door.
Mr. Gurney. You must not tell what he said.
Mr. Roberts. In great agitation of mind; he took me up stairs and shewed me the property.
Court. The husband shewed you the property. - A. He did.
A. He did not claim it. - A. No; my evidence acquitted him before the alderman; he said it was not his, he knew nothing of it.


                  PHEBE 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . Q. You live in the house opposite of Mrs. Morgan. - A. Yes; on Saturday night, the 19th of September, I was standing at the door of my father's house; I saw the prisoner come in with something large in her apron.
Q. Where did she bring it from. - A. I do not know; I believe it was about half past ten, she past me; I did not speak to her, nor she to me; she went into her own apartment.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . Q. You are a pawnbroker. - A. Yes, I live in Wood-street, Cheapside. On Saturday, 19th of September, the prisoner pledged a coat, breeches, and petticoat, for fifteen shillings; between the hours of ten and eleven at night. On Monday morning the constable and Mr. Morgan came and enquired for the coat, breeches, and petticoat; I sent a boy to fetch them down; he said they were his property; I delivered the things to the officer I am sure the prisoner pledged them with me, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Badgay
               



            .

(The property produced and identified.)
The prisoner left her defence to her counsel, and called seven witnesses, who gave her a good character.
GUILTY, aged 22.
Of 


               stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
