






814. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ROBERTS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               making an assault in the King's highway upon 
                     
                        
                           Frederick 
                           Swynard
                        




                     
                  , on the 29th of October
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person a silver watch, value 3l. a steel chain, value 3s. and a brass watch-key, value 2d.
             the property of the said Frederick.
FREDERICK SWYNARD sworn. - I am a surgeon
: On the 29th of October, about half past three in the afternoon, I attempted to get through Storey's-gate; I found I could not, and I made an attempt to get back again; in that attempt I lost my feet; I was thrown off my feet, as it appeared to me, by the crowd that was coming to make an attempt to get through the gate.
Q. Were you taken off your feet by accident or design? - A. It appeared to me to be by accident, the crowd was very great; when I got my liberty, two men were fighting; I then got away, intending to go another road, but felt for my watch, and found it was gone; I returned to where the two men were, and saw my watch in the hands of a man; I challenged it, and said it was mine; he said, he knew it was, and desired I would follow them; he was a police-officer.
Q. Were you at all alarmed? - A. Not for my person.
Q. There was nothing to alarm your person at all? - A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEWITT
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Bow-street; I saw the prisoner at the bar, in company with another, endeavouring to crowd people about; they went towards Storey's-gate, and attempted to pick a gentleman's pocket, but they were felt; then they got to Storey's-gate, and were joined by four more; they shoved Mr. Swynard very much about, and I saw the prisoner put his hand down, and endeavour to get Mr. Swynard's watch, which he did, and I immediately secured him; he dropped this watch, and I picked it up. (Produces it.)
Cross-examined by Mr. Watson. Q. What time of the day was this? - A.About half past three.
Q. How long have you been an officer of Bow-street? - A. Three weeks.
Q. What were you before that? - A. A chairmaker.
Q. Do you know 
               
                  William 
                  Chandler
               



            ? - A. I do not.
Q. Don't you know Raspberry? - A. No, I do not.
Q. Upon your oath, have you never heard of such persons being tried in Surrey? - A. I have heard of Raspherry, because he lived close by me, and I went to school with him.
Q. Do you remember his being tried? - A. No, I do not.
Q. Then you cannot be the 
               
                  William 
                  Hewitt
               



             that we heard of upon that occasion? - A. I never was with him in my life.
Q. However, upon this occasion, you were sent to watch? - A. Yes.
Q. How came it, that, when you had secured him, you did not apprise this gentleman of it? - A. He was hustled about by his confederates.
Q. What do you mean by confederates? - A. They hit me about the head very much; the gentleman had not gone away at all; it was momentary.
RICHARD BOSEDEN sworn. - On the 29th of October, I saw a scuffle between the prisoner and Hewitt; there were several people round him endeavouring to get the prisoner away; and I, knowing him to be an officer, assisted in securing him.
Prisoner's defence. I was going through the gate, and this gentleman laid hold of me.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY, of stealing, but not violently
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
