





269. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SHEPHERD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of March
, eight pounds weight of Spanish juice, value 12 s. twelve ounces of cassia, value 6 s. six bottles of British oil, value 5 s. half a pound weight of sealing-wax, value 2 s. half a pound weight of thread, value 2 s. seven pounds weight of soap, value 7 s. eight ounces of lavender, value 6 s. six ounces of Turkey rheubarb, value 12 s. one quart of tincture of cardamom, value 3 s. one pound of tapioca, value 9 d. fourteen ounces of mustard, value 1 s. one pound of Russia salts, value 2 s. three plaister skins, value 2 s. a knife, value 1 s. two pounds and eight ounces of ginger, value 3 s. a bottle containing essence of anchovy, value 2 s. six ounces of the essence of peppermint, value 5 s. seven bottles of Steers's opodeldoc, value 7 s. two bottles of Daffy's elixir, value 2 s. and one pound of Gascoign's balls, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Bush
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Lathiam 
                     Howard
                  



               
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Gurney.)


                  THOMAS 
                  PAYNE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are warehouse clerk to Bush and Company? - A. Yes; they are druggist

s in Cannon-street


.
Q. Has the prisoner been in their service? - A. He has, as porter
, from the 1st of February.
Q. In consequence of any thing occurring, was he taken into custody on the 31st of March? - A. He was.
Q. Did you go with the Officer to search his lodgings? - A. I did.
Q. Did the prisoner go with you? - A. He did.
Q. Were there a number of articles that you could identify, the property of Messrs. Bush and Howard? - A. There were; I took them away in a coach, and left them in the Compter; the prisoner said, some of the articles were sent him as presents from the country, and some were given him by some of the young men in the prosecutor's warehouse; he said in the coach, as we were going along, he hoped I would say what I could in his favour.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You know the partnership very well? - A. Yes.
Q. Nobody else in partnership than Bush and Howard? - A. It goes under the firm of Steed, Bush, and Howard, but I do not believe that Mr. Steed has any thing to do with it now, I believe he lives at Brompton.
Q. You will not take upon you to swear whether he has or has not? - A. No.
Q. Now, with respect to what he said on the articles, that he had some out of the country, and some of the young men of the house gave him - he had been in the house before? - A. Yes; he had been in the house about six years.
Q. Were they a part of the old stock, or a part of the new stock, since the 31st of January? - A. I am sure that they were of the new stock. (The articles produced.)


                  JAMES 
                  HALL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Are these the articles that you found upon the prisoner? - A. They are; they were not left in my care, but I left them at the house all sealed up.
Payne. I can speak to the opodeldoc, it is of my own making, and my own putting up. (Looks at the articles.)
Mr. Gurney. (To Payne.) Q. Is that the label of Messrs. Bush and Howard? - A. It is; and we have not sold any out since we have been on these premises, they are part of the old stock from Baldwin's gardens.
Q. Now, respecting the soap, how was this damaged? - A. I am not able to say how this was damaged; here is some British oil, I believe, of my own manufactory; here is some Spanish juice, it is cut off at the ends, which is not generally the case; this appears to be rolled out in a long roll, and cut off from the length.
Court Q. Do not others do the same? - A. I never saw any.
Q. How long have you been in this business? - A. About fourteen years.
Q. Have the prosecutors lost any of these articles? - A. They have.
Q. Had the prisoner access to these articles? - A. He had access to every part of the warehouse.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Had every young man, employed in the warehouse, access to where these articles were? - A. They had.
Q. You said they were brought from Baldwin's-gardens? - A. The opodeldoc, essence of lemons, and British oil, were brought from Baldwin's-gardens: they were Steed's and Howard's.
Q. Did they sell by retail? - A. No.
Q. I suppose they had many of their friends retail dealers? - A. They had.
Court. Q. Will undertake to say, that Steed and Howard might not have sold any of the opodeldoc? - A. I did not sell any; I was there, and saw every order that went out of the house, and never saw any of that order go out of the house.
Q. It is not sold only at your shop, it may be sold at Newberry's, the bookseller, in St. Paul's-Church-yard?- A. It is sold at Newberry's; the patent is expired, and any one may make it.
Q. I suppose any one may make it according to their own receipt; it is not Steers's but Bush's opodeldoc - do you mean to swear by the composition or by the bill? - A. I mean to swear by the settling that is at the bottom of the bottle.
Q. Whether Newberry, the bookseller, makes the same kind you do not know? - A. No.
Jury. Q. Will you take upon you to say, that you never saw any other opodeldoc with that settlement at the bottom? - A. I do not know that I did.
- NASH sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You know respecting the soap? - A. The soap came from Baldwin's-gardens; there is something on it that I spilled upon it; compound tincture of peppermint.
Q. Do you believe that that is part of the soap you injured with the rest? - A. Yes.
Q. How much is there of that soap? - A. Seven or eight pounds; the soap was in an unsaleable state, we meant to exchange it to the man who made it; the prisoner denied taking the soap, he said he found it at the corner of Whitecross-street; the opodeldoc he acknowledged having taken it, saying he was very much subject to the rheumatism; the British oil, the essence of anchovy, the Spanish juice, the court plaister, the mustard, the tincture of cardamom, he acknowledged of having taken these, and the essence of peppermint, he also acknowledged to have took it, his wife was subject to wind, for which purpose he took it; and the Turkey rheubarb also, he acknowledged he had taken.
Q. What is the value of all these things? - A. I suppose five pounds.
Court. Q. You are certain he acknowledged taking all these things? - A. I am certain.
Mr. Knapp. Q. This was in the Compter, after he had been committed for examination, before he had been to the Mansion-house - how came you there? - A. I went in with Mr. Bush and Mr. Howard, on purpose to get an account.
Q. Did you mention all this at the Mansion-house afterwards - was it taken down in writing? - A. I am not positive.
Q. So you went to the Compter to pump him before you went to the Magistrate, and then you went after to the Magistrate, and told - did not you give him to expect some favour if he told? - A. No.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence, but called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
