





86. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of December,
 four pair of shoes, value 20 s. six pair of stockings, value 6 s. four pillow-cases, value 3 s. five shirts, value 20 s. six handkerchiefs, value 3 s. a table-cloth, value 10 s. and two caps, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Willan
                  



               
            .
Second Count. For like offence, the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Willan
               



            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Julip
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Ironmonger
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Coster
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Fieldhouse
                  



               
            .
Third Count. For like offence, the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Harris
                  



               
            .
(The case stated by Mr. Knapp.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRIS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. On the 24th of December did you drive a waggon for Mr. Willan? - A. Yes; he keeps the Bull and Mouth, Bull and Mouth-street
.
Q. Had you a parcel directed to Mr. Wilkinson in that waggon? - A. Yes; it was put in at the Bell-inn, Holborn; I put my hand on it there in the waggon; it was brought in the waggon to the Bell Savage, Ludgate-hill, and there we took some more parcels up, and my own hand was upon that parcel at the Bell Savage-inn, Ludgate-hill, it was directed to Mr. Wilkinson; I rode in the waggon from there to Bull and Mouth-street


, and there I got out of the waggon, and went into the yard to see whether there was any vacancy for me to come into the yard; I left Hatherway to guard the waggon; I was going back to the waggon again, andjust as I came to the gates I heard Hatherway call Thomas; I ran to assist him, and when I came to him, he had got the prisoner by the coat; he said he had took a parcel out of the waggon; I laid hold of him by the collar; he said, do not pull me about; I said I would not; the waggon stood still, and the parcel was standing down by the wheel.
Q. Is that the man you laid hold of by the collar? - A. Yes.
Q. Had you seen him before you went from the waggon to go into the yard? - A. No; it was crouded with people, the mail coaches were just going out between six and seven o'clock.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Your yard is paved with very rough stones, so as the waggon might be put in such a position that a package might tumble out? - A. It was not rough at all where the waggon stood.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HATHERWAY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am porter to Mr. Willan.
Q. Were you left in charge of the waggon while the last witness went into the yard? - A. Yes, on Christmas eve; we stopped the waggon in Bull and Mouth-street; I was standing by the tail of the waggon, and I saw the prisoner come and put his foot on the wheel, and take this parcel out of the waggon.
Court. Q. You saw him put his foot on the wheel, and take the parcel out of the waggon? - Yes; and as soon as he took his foot off the wheel I laid hold of him, and he tried to get from me, but he could not get away from me with the parcel; he dropped the parcel.
Q. Whereabouts was the parcel dropped? - A. On the pavement, close by the waggon, 
               
                  Charles 
                  Lucas
               



             picked it up; it was directed to Mr. Wilkinson; he struggled much to get away; I secured him till Harris came, then he took him from me, and I staid with the waggon.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Do you know whether the prisoner was to have any parcel sent by the waggon? - A. I do not know.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Did the prisoner ask you for any parcel that was expected to come? - A. No.


                  CHARLES 
                  LUCAS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I have got the parcel, it is directed to 
               
                  George 
                  Wilkinson
               



            , Esq. No. 24, Southampton-row, Russell-square.
Q. Where did you get it? - A. I took it off the pavement close by the prisoner; I did not see him drop it; I have had it in my custody ever since.
(The property produced and identified by Harris and Hatherway.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
