





753. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     MILLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Croney
                        




                     
                  , no person being therein, about the hour of one in the afternoon of the 9th of October
, and stealing a tea-chest, value 3s. a silk bonnet,value 2s. seven penny pieces, and twenty-three halfpence
            , the property of the said Daniel.


                  DANIEL 
                  CRONEY
               



             sworn. - I live at No.7, White-horse-court, Rosemary-lane


; I am a milkman
: I was not at home at the time. 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  CRONEY
               



             sworn. - I went out on the 9th of October; I left nobody in the house; I was the first that returned; I had left the door locked; when I came home I found the door open, and missed a tea-chest and a bonnet from the kitchen table, and some penny pieces and halfpence; I met the prisoner coming out of doors against me; I found the property upon her; the prisoner was quite a stranger to me.


                  JOHN 
                  BASSETT
               



             sworn. - I am headborough of Whitechapel: I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody; (produces the property;) I found seven penny pieces and twenty-three halfpence upon the prisoner.
Mrs. Croney. This is my tea-chest.
Q. Do you know how much copper money you lost? - A. No, I cannot say; I lost several pounds in gold and copper, the day before. Prisoner's defence. I knocked at the door to ask for a lodging, and there was nobody in the room; I went in and took up the tea-chest, but I had no intention of taking it away.
GUILTY (Aged 35.)
Of 


               stealing goods, value 4s. 9d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
