





576. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniouslystealing on the 24th of August
, a jacket, value 10 s. a pair of trowsers, value 10 s. four silk hankerchiefs value 16 s. three pair of stockings, value 6 s. three shirts, value 15 s. a hat, value 10 s. and a pair of shoes, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Stevens
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Munen
                     



.


                  THOMAS 
                  STEVENS
               



            . Q. Where did you lodge at the time you lost your clothes. - A. In Old Gravel-lane, at Joseph Munen's


; the prisoner slept in the same room with me, but in a different bed.
Q. How many beds were there in the room. - A. Three; the prisoner was in the room when I went to bed. I awoke between three and four in the morning; Collins was not in the room. The landlord called to me, I immediately looked for my clothes; when I awoke they were all gone. There was a jacket, a pair of trowsers, a hat, four silk handkerchiefs, three shirts, and a pair of shoes, the handkerchiefs, stockings. and the shirts were laying loose in the room; the jacket, trowsers, and the shoes were what I pulled off when I went to bed.
Q. Do you know the worth of them. - A. About three pound ten.
Q. Did you see the man afterwards. - A. I did not see him for two or three days afterwards; my landlord caught him selling other property.
Q. Did you see any of your things again. - A. None at all.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MUNEN
               



            . Q. Did the last witness Stevens lodge at your house. - A. Yes; and the prisoner lodged there; I kept the house, it is in the parish of St. George's.
Q. Do you recollect this night when Stevens lost his clothes. - A. Yes; they both slept in one room; the prisoner was the first that was up. At four o'clock I heard my house door open, I got up and found it open; I shut my door, and went to the room where he had lodged; I missed him out of the room, and no one but him; all was at home a-bed, and Stevens was fast asleep.
Q. Had he paid you for the lodgings. - A. He had paid me on the night before.
Q. When did you take him up afterwards. - A. Three days afterwards; I catched him in a public house in Spital fields.
Q. You did not find any of Stevens' clothes. - A. Not any of them. I asked the prisoner what he had done with them; he would not make me any answer.
Prisoner's Defence. I heard him when I was coming down stairs, I spoke to him; I said Joe, you are sick, and his wife said he was drunk the over night. There was five slept in the room where I lay; there were two that went out before me; I told one of the men to give me a call; he called me. I have subpoenaed this man; he sent me word he was indebted to the landlord, and he would not come forward, for fear the landlord would turn him out.
Munen. When I came down and found my door open, I went up stairs; I found the lodgers in bed; Stevens was asleep, and Collins had absconded. I was as sober that night as I am now.
GUILTY, aged 18.
Of 


               stealing to the value of thirty nine shillings only
            





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Le Blanc.
