





151. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     HAZARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of December
, a pocket-book, value 1 s. a 10 l. note and a 20 l. note for payment of money
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Foley
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Ward
                  



               
            .


                  PETER 
                  FORSELLS
               



             sworn. - Q. What are you? - A. I am a cabinet-maker, and servant to Mess. Foley and Ward, in Wardour-street, Soho: On the 31st of December last, I went to Martin and Co.'s banking-house, in Lombard-street


, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, and not rightly knowing where the house was, I enquired of four well-dressed men; they told me higher up; in crossing the street, I had my pocket-book in my left-hand coat-pocket, and my hand also, I found there was another hand in my pocket, which snatched the book out; when I missed my pocketbook, I charged the prisoner with it, and told him he had got it; then he said, what are you going to rob me, and turned round, and gave me a clout of the head, and knocked me down, I caught hold of his coat, and found he rather got the better of me when I was down; I cried out, stop thief! hethen run away (and a great many people after him) up an alley where there was no thoroughfare; in running up that passage the constable took him.
Q. Are you sure it is the man? - A. To the best of my belief it is the same man; I only lost sight of him when he turned round the corner.
Q. You say they were well-dressed men - was he one of them? - A. Yes, I am sure he was one of them.
Q. Did you lay hold of his hand when you found a hand in your pocket? - A. No, I did not; I found another hand in my pocket; he was close to me; there was one on each side of me.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. I understood you said, to the best of your belief, he was the man? - A. He was the man that knocked me down.
Q. He knocked you down by reason of his charging you with a robbery? - A. No, I charged him with robbing me.
Q. Then he was angry with what you said? - A. Yes.
Q. There were a great many people passing in Lombard-street at that time no doubt? - A. I did not take particular notice then.
Q. You never found your property since? - A. No; I then went and stopped payment.


                  JOHN 
                  PARRY
               



             sworn. - A few minutes before five o'clock on Saturday the 31st of December, the prisoner was coming down Sweeting's-alley, (I was at the bottom of the alley) crying out, stop thief! I saw him sixty or seventy yards before he came to me; I was determined to stop him; he came up to me at the bottom of the alley; I caught hold of him by the collar; he pleaded his innocence, and said, the person had gone on, and that he was the person that cried out, stop thief! I secured him; the gentleman who had lost his pocketbook came up; I took the prisoner to the Compter, and searched him, and found one 2 l. note and a 4 l. note.
Cross examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You did not find the prosecutor's pocket-book with him? - A. No.
Q. He was rather quicker than the other? - A. Yes, he was the first that was running.
Q.They all cried out, stop thief? - A. No, not all.
Q.(To Forsells.) What were these notes? - A. They were a banker's check for 20 l. and 10 l. draft on Marun and Co. they belonged to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Foley
               



             and Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Ward
               



            .



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
