





696. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SIMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of August
, four silver table-spoons, value 40s. three silver teaspoons, value 3s. and a pair of plated sugar-tongs, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Robinson
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
 in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Maria 
                        Mackenzie
                     



, spinster.
JAMES COLEMAN sworn. - I am in the service of Captain
 Robinson.
Q.Where did he lodge in August last? - A. At No. 9, Bennett-street, St. James's


.
Q. In whose house? - A. Mrs. Mackenzie's.
Q. What is the name of Mrs. Mackenzie? - A.Maria.
Q. Is she a married woman? - A. No.
Q. Does she live in the house? - A. Yes.
Q. On the 5th of August, where did you see the prisoner? - A. I was standing in the kitchen; between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner come down the area steps, he was dressed like a butcher; I observed him coming down, and not seeing him come forward into the kitchen, I went out, knowing the pantry-door was not locked, and met him coming out of the pantry; I asked him what brought him there; he said he was looking after Lady Walker's housekeeper, and he thought that was her room.
Q. Does Lady Walker lodge in the same house? - A. No, nor ever did; I put my hand upon his breast to stop him; he stepped back, and I pulled the pantry door to, and locked it, it was a halfwire door, and I saw him put his hand into his apron-pocket, and take out some spoons, and put them down upon the table.
Q. Whose plate was this? - A.Captain Robinson had the use of it from Miss Mackenzie; it was her plate.
Q. Where did you keep the plate? - A. In that pantry.
Q. Did you examine him? - A. No, I did not; he laid it on the table.
Q.Are you sure he took the plate out of his pocket? - A. Yes.
Q. Could the plate have been seen from the street? - A. No.
Q. What part of the pantry did you keep it in? - A. On the shelf in the pantry; I kept him there till after five o'clock, locked up.
Q. Who opened the door? - A. My master, or Major Roberts, I don't know which; I went in with them.
Q. Where was the plate lying when you went in? - A. Where he had put it, on the table.
Q. Who took it? - A. I took it up first in my hand, (produces the property); three table-spoons were marked with the name of the lady that kept the house before Miss Mackenzie; the other tablespoon has Miss Mackenzie's mark, and the teaspoons; the tongs have no mark; I am sure they are the same spoons that I had under my care.
Prisoner's defence. I was sent by Mr. Marshall, in Carnaby-market, to Lady Walker's, for orders about some lamb that was to come the next day;I went into this room, thinking that was the room, and this young man locked me in, and said, I wanted to rob the house.
GUILTY, aged 42.
Of 


               stealing goods to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
