





642. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     REED
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 23d of July
, a pocket book, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Spencer
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  SPENCER
               



            . I am a mariner
. On the 23d of July, about half past three in the afternoon, I was in Cornhill under the center arch of the Royal Exchange.
Q. Had you a pocket book in your pocket at that time - A. I had; when I entered the Royal Exchange I felt my pocket book.
Q. How soon did you miss it - A. I had not entered the Royal Exchange


 before I felt it gone out of my pocket; I turned round and saw the prisoner with the pocket book in his hand; I seized him and he dropped the pocket book down on the flags; I charged him with stealing it; he fell on his knees and begged my pardon, and said it was another boy before him; I did not see any other boy, nor did I look; he was so near that I touched him turning round with my elbow; the constable seized him and the pocket book together.
Q. What was the value of your pocket book - A. Ten pence.


                  CHARLES 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a constable. On the 23rd of July, I was in the lord mayor's justice room; looking through the window, I saw the prisoner and another in company with him come out of Lombard street.
Q. Do you know the prisoner's person - A. Yes; I am sure he is the lad; I ran down stairs and ced him to the Royal Exchange; I kept my eye upon him; the boy that was with him was bigger than himself, but he was quite a lad. They made over to the Royal Exchange; I saw this Reed pick Mr. Spencer's pocket; I ran up instantly and he dropped the pocket book; I secured him and picked up the pocket book; the other boy made off; I have kept the pocket book ever since.
The property produced and identified.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, and called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 12.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
