





425. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     TOTHILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of May
, a shirt, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Stewart
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  STEWART
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 4, Edward's court, Oxendon-street


: The prisoner came to our house on Friday week, the 24th of May, between two and three; I take in a little washing
; she sat down at the end of the table where the gentleman's linen was folded up; the property was there when she sat down, and after she was gone I missed it.
Q. Had any body else been in? - A. Yes, a smith came in; I wanted a key for the box; he never sat down.
Q. Did you ever find the shirt? - A. Yes, I went to Bow-street and got an officer, and took her into custody the next morning.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PURNEY
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker's apprentice; I live with Mr. Lamb, No. 48, Stanhope-street, Clare-market: I produce a shirt, the prisoner pledged it on the 24th of May in the evening; I lent her 1 s. 6 d. on it. (The shirt identified by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's defence. I went into the prosecutrix's house for some money which she owed me for a year and a half; I have been from time to time after it, and could not get it; I could not get the money from her, and I was drove to it, through necessity of taking the shirt.
Prosecutrix. It is about five weeks ago she called at my house with a pair of corsets; I was to give her 7 s. for them, and I gave her 5 s. of the money: that is not a year and a half ago.



               GUILTY
            , aged 56.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
