





638. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GUNSTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 11th of September
, 21 penny pieces, halfpence, and farthings
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wells
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WELLS
               



            . I keep a public house in Clipstone street




.
Q. Did you lose any money on the 11th of September - A. Yes, some then and some before; the money that I lost on that day was some of it marked.
Q. How much marked money did you miss - A. Thirteen pence from the till in my bar; the prisoner lived servant with me. I observed the prisoner go up stairs: I asked a person in the house to go up stairs and hear if he was counting money, and when the prisoner came down stairs I perceived he had something bulky in his pocket; he was going out of doors and I stopped him; I desired him to walk in. I felt his pockets, I found he had money in them; I sent for a constable, I had him searched, I found upon him fourteen shillings and eight pence; amongst that money there was thirteen pence that I marked the over night.
MR. LUDLEY. I am a constable; I searched the prisoner, I found upon him fourteen shillings and eight pence in penny pieces, half pence, and farthings. I produce them, I have had them ever since.
Prosecutor. I marked them with a penknife, a cross on the head of some of them, and a scratch on the other side of others; this one is marked on the king's nose.


                  JOHN 
                  MACKFRAIL
               



            . I saw the prosecutor mark the money; he told me there was part of the money gone on Sunday morning. I went up stairs, I heard the prisoner rauling halfpence.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23,




               Transported for Seven Year
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Bailey.
