





63. 
               
                  
                     ELIJAH 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 11th of November
, a pocket-book, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hosier
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOSIER
               



             sworn. I am porter

to Mr. Tomkins in Bread-street, Cheapside. On the 11th of November, about half after five o'clock, at dusk, I was almost by Aldgate pump


; a young man came running and told me that I had lost my pocket-book; I put my hand into my pocket, and found it was gone; I had felt it was safe in my pocket about half an hour before.
Q. Did you see the prisoner? - A. I saw the prisoner, but I did not perceive him pick my pocket.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



             sworn. I am a patrole of Portsoken ward.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - A. Yes, I saw him on the eleventh of November, about six o'clock in the evening, following of the prosecutor, and by the light of the shop windows I saw the pocket-book in his hand; I knew that he had done the business; he had the pocket-book in his hand, he put it in his coat pocket; I was in the middle of the high-road as he crossed from the pavement to the other side of the way; I met him, and seized him.
Q. Did he surrender quietly? - A. We had a bit of a scuffle; I took him into a shop, because I was afraid the book would be confisticated.
Q. Did you find the pocket-book on him? - A. No, I could not find it on his person, and not one minute had elapsed from the time when I searched him; I searched the shop as well as him, I could not find it there; from thence I took him to the watchhouse, and after I had secured him, I took a candle and lanthorn with me from the watchhouse to the spot where I first laid hold of him, and under my feet there lay the pocket-book; it was close to where I took hold of him; I sent for the prosecutor, he came, he said it was his property.
Q. (To Prosecutor.) Is that the pocket-book you had on the 11th of November? - A. It is, there is a few memorandums of my own in it.
Q. What is the value of it? - A. Sixpence.
Prisoner's Defence. Between five and six o'clock I was going towards Aldgate; that officer accused me of a robbery, he took me and and searched me, and found nothing on me, he took me into the watchhouse, and in about five minutes he returned with the prosecutor and the pocket-book; he asked the prosecutor if that was his pocket-book, he said yes.



               GUILTY
             - aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
