





80. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     CARROL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Chilvers
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of ten at night, on the 26th of December
, with intent to steal and burglariously stealing therein a tea-chest value 1 s. one brass cookery instrument, value 1 d. a handkerchief, value 2 d. and a brush, value 6 d. the goods of 
                     
                        Daniel 
                        Chilvers
                     



                  , one brush, value 6 d. a pair of breeches, value 10 s. and a looking glass, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Smith
                        



                     
                  , a pair of scizzars, value 6 d. a chisel, value 1 d. a looking glass, value 2 d. and a marking instrument, value 2 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Mortimer
                        



.


                  DANIEL 
                  CHILVERS
               



             sworn. I keep the Coach and Horses, Grovesnor-square




.
Q. Do you know whether the house was shut up before you took the prisoner into custody? - A. It was not before I took him into custody; the prisoner at the bar was quartered upon me on the 20th of December, I saw him in the tap-room about eight in the evening.
Q. What part of the house did he sleep in? - A. In the attic story; between ten and eleven o'clock at night, I sent fortwo watchmen to apprehend him, they took him out of bed in my house.


                  MARY 
                  GIBSON
               



             sworn. I lodge in Mr. Chilvers's house; after the prisoner was taken into custody; I searched the bed immediately. I found a pair of breeches in the bed, two clothes brushes and a handkerchief: I took them down stairs, and delivered them to 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Ball
               



            , the constable.
Q. Do you know the room where 
               
                  William 
                  Smith
               



             lodge? - A. Yes: but I took no notice of the door on that day.
Q. How were these articles that you found? A. They were underneath the mattress upon the sacking of the bed, the name of Smith was written upon the breeches, they are dark velveteen.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. On the 20th of December, I was out of town: I left the lodging about the 13th of October: I secured the door with two locks, and took the key with me.
Q. What articles of wearing apparel; did you miss? - A. Five waistcoats, a pair of dark velveteen breeches, and several small articles.


                  EDWARD 
                  MORTIMER
               



             sworn. I left my trunk with Mr. Chilvers in the room, where I had lodged at the top of the house, locked and corded.
Q. Had you any scissars? A. Yes: and a chisel, a looking glass, and a stamp.


                  RACHAEL 
                  LONGWELL
               



             sworn. My husband is an armourer. On Friday evening the 20th of December, about six o'clock, the prisoner came to our lodgings for his order that he was to be on guard on Saturday, when he got up to go away, he left a bundle under the chair. He told me he would call for it in the morning: I kept the bundle till Christmas evening, and then my husband carried it to 
               
                  James 
                  Murry
               



             the pay serjeant, the bundle contained a fustian jacket, a nankeen jacket and waistcoat.


                  ROBERT 
                  MURRY
               



             sworn. I produce the bundle that I received from 
               
                  John 
                  Longwell
               



            , he is armourer to the company; there is two jackets and a waistcoat.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  BALL
               



             sworn. I am constable.
Q. Have you got any articles, that you received on the 20th of December? - A. I have; I went up in the room, and found them there: I produce two looking glasses. I found them in the prisoner's room, and this brass cookery instrument, and this marking stamp. In the next room, which is called Mr. Smith's room: I found under the drawers, this pair of scissars broke, as your lordship sees them, I found this chisel on the top of the drawers, I found a bunch of keys laying on Smith's table.
Q. Did you receive any thing else from any body? - A. From 
               
                  Mary 
                  Gibson
               



            , when I was in the bar, I received these two brushes tied up in the prisoner's handkerchief, this tea chest, and these velveteen breeches.
Q. Did you examine the door of Smith's room? - A. Yes, the screw that fastened the padlock, had been cut off by some instrument, the lock of the door was forced open, and two lower drawers in Smith's room were forced open. I tried the scissars and the chisel to the drawers that were forced open, and they seemed to fit the marks on the drawers that were cut; the drawers were cut terribly.
(The property identified by the witnesses.)

The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witness to character.




               GUILTY - of stealing only
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
