





227. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     TOMLIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Margaret 
                           Fenning
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eleven o'clock at night, on the 30th of March
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein two coats, value 3 s. a quilt, value 3 s. one blanket, value 2 s. one skirt, value 1 s. two shifts, value 4 s. and two aprons, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        Margaret 
                        Fenning
                     



.
MARGARET FENNING sworn. - I live in Grey Eagle-street, Spital-fields


: I met the prisoner coming from Spital-fields market at eleven o'clock at night; she asked me if I was going home; I said I was; I only know her by lodging over the way about a fortnight with a man; she came home with me; she asked me to let her have a light; I told her I generally went to bed in the dark; she desired leave to stop in my place; I told her I never gave leave to any body to stop in my place at night; she had a little fire pot in her hand; then she asked me to let her leave it there till the morning; I turned myself to the table to put some things which I had bought at the market; she bid me good night, and I thought she was going; I turned and bolted the door, thinking she was gone, and went to bed; at twelve or one o'clock, when I awoke, I felt the cold; I put out my hand, and felt my bed-clothes gone; I then put my hand to where the clothes were hanging up on the line, and found they were all gone; and when I went to the door, I found it half open; I went out, and alarmed the watchman.
Q. Did you bolt the door yourself? - A. Yes, I am sure I bolted it; I missed all the articles in the indictment; I laid my padlock on the table, she took that; she robbed me on Saturday night, and was taken on the Friday following.
Q. Did you ever hear of your things again? - Yes, at the pawnbroker's, they had her taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Cotton, a pawnbroker, in Holywell-lane, Shoreditch; I produce two shifts and a handkerchief, I took them in pledge of the prisoner on the 1st of August for a shilling; I have known her these six years.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBERTS
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker; I produce two coats pledged on the 1st of April, I cannot be positive to the prisoner; the duplicates are in the name of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Collins
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTS
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Hill, a pawnbroker, in Turnmill-street; I produce a black skirt, and two aprons, pledged in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Collins
               



            ; I am not certain to the person of the prisoner.


                  RICHARD 
                  PERRIN
               



             sworn. - I went with the prisoner to her lodgings; she took five duplicates out of a middling hole in the floor, they are the duplicates belonging to the different articles.


                  JAMES 
                  WELLINGS
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker's servant; I produce a blanket and quilt, they are pledged in the prisoner's name.
(The property identified by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's defence. I met this woman in Bishopsgate-street, and she asked me if I would go and see her home; I went home with her, and she made me stop there till it grew late, and stopping there I happened with a misfortune; I am very sorry that I was ever guilty of any thing of the kind; being in great distress altogether made me do it.




               GUILTY
            , aged 50,
Of stealing only.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
