





721. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  RICHARDSON
               




             was indicted, for 


               that he, on the 5th of September
, being employed as a servant to 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Burrows
                        




                     
                  , an upholsterer
, did receive and take into his own possession, fifty pounds, for and on account of his said master, and did fraudulently embezzle and secrete the same
            .
Second Count. Charging him with stealing fifty pounds, the property of John Burrows.
JOHN BURROWS sworn. - I am an upholsterer and cabinet-maker at Kensington; the prisoner was my weekly servant, and kind of clerk
, or any thing that I might happen to want: On Saturday, the 5th of September, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I intrusted him with a fifty-pound Bank of England note, to go to London to take up a bill of twenty-eight pounds, which became due that day, made payable at Mr. Wright's, in Russel-street, Bloomsbury; he did not return on Sunday morning; I went to Mr. Wright to inquire if he had been there.
Q. Is Mr. Wright here? - A. No; I found he had been there, and had received instructions where the note lay; it lay at Mr. Hodsoll's, in the Strand: On Monday morning, as soon as the banking-house was open, I went to inquire if the bill had been taken up, and found it had not.
Q. Are they here? - A. No; from thence I went to the Bank, and put a stop upon the number of the note, thinking he might have fell into some bad bands; from there I went on board the receiving-ship at the Tower, to see if he had been impressed, but he was not there; I then thought, perhaps, he had got the note cashed at the Bank himself; I went to the Bank, and found it had come in on the Saturday; I then went to Bow-street, advertised him, and got a special warrant to apprehend him wherever I could find him; on Tuesday morning, in consequence of information, I gave the warrant to Mr. Belmaine, a constable, who took him at Gravesend.
Q. Where is you bill? - A.(Produces it.)
Prisoner. Q. Did you ever know any thing dishonest of me before? - A. I had no reason to suspect him of dishonesty; I had known him from a child; he has been in my service two years; I intrusted him commonly and frequently to take up this.
GEORGE BELMAINE sworn. - I am a whitesmith; I apprehended the prisoner at Gravesend; I took him to the City of Amsterdam, at Gravesend, and I found nothing upon him but a penny; he said all the rest he had lost at Bartholomew-Fair; I found, under where he had been sitting, a pocketbook, containing a one-pound bank-note and some other money.
JOHN JARVIS sworn. - I am a clerk in the Bank,(produces a fifty-pound note;) this note was paid at the Bank on Saturday afternoon, the 5th of September, about five o'clock; the number is 3524, dated the 8th of August, 1801, for fifty pounds. I paid it to the prisoner in fifty one-pound notes; I remember him very well; I am sure he is the man; the number of the one-pound notes that I gave him were from 9151 to 9200, both numbers included, dated the 5th of August, in the present year.
Q. Look at that note? - A. This appears to be one of them, by the number 9174.
Burrows. This is the fifty-pound note that I intrusted the prisoner with.
Prisoner's defence. I went to Mr. Wright's to take up this bill, and in going from Mr. Wright's, I met with a man that I knew, and he advised me to abscond; I unfortunately fell into bad company, and gambling with my fellow-workmen for sevenweeks, in consequence of which I got so much in debt, that it was impossible for me to pay it, and this man advised me to take the step that I did.



               GUILTY
            , aged 16.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
