





571. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  CHIPNELL
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of June
,five sheets, value 2l. 11s. two table-cloths, value 2s. a quilt, value 4s. a pillow-case, value 1s. and a handkerchief, value 3d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Douglas
                        



                     
                  ; three pair of stockings, value 8s. two shawl handkerchiefs, value 5s. a petticoat, value 7s. and a bed-gown, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Pearce
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        George 
                        Hardisty
                     



.


                  ANN 
                  PEARCE
               



             sworn. - I am servant
 to Mr. Douglas, No. 16, Bedford-court, Covent-garden


; he lodges at Mr. Hardisty's; his house is over Mr. Hardisty's shop, but there is no entrance from our house to his, without going into the street: On the 16th of June, I met the prisoner on the first floor stairs, about a quarter past twelve; I asked her who she wanted; she said, Mrs. Douglas; she had a bundle in her hand; I asked her what she had in it; she made no answer; I asked her again; she told me I might see; I said, I should see before she went, for if she was a stranger in the house, I was not; I desired her to go up stairs, and upon the second or third step of the two pair of stairs, she put the bundle down; I cannot say who untied it, but I know it to be mine and my master's property; I kept her, and sent for a constable.
EDWARD CROCKER sworn. - I am a constable, and took the prisoner and things into custody.(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner. I leave my defence to my Counsel.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave her a good character.




               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Recommended to mercy by the Jury, on account of her good character.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
