








882. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     KING
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COLEMAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Fontaine
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of eight, on the night of the 24th of October

, with intent to steal, and stealing therein a brass candlestick, value 5 s. 3 d. a glass lamp, value 6 d. and a brass taper-stand, value 2 s. 4 d. his property
            ; and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GRIFFITHS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BUCKTHORPE
                  




               
             for 


               feloniously receiving, on the same day, a glass lamp, value 6 d. and a brass taper-stand, value 2 s. 4 d. being part and parcel of the said goods burglariously stolen, they well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  JOHN 
                  COLE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. James Fontaine, tinman
 and brazier
, the corner of Middle-row, Holborn



. On the 24th of October, between seven and eight in the evening, as our porter was going out with some goods, he observed a person running very swiftly from the window; he pursued him and brought the prisoner King to me, and informed me that the window was broke, and some things were taken out. I at the same time observed King had something secreted under his jacket. pulled his jacket off one side, and took from him a brass candlestick; this is the candlestick. I took him to the watch-house. I will take upon me to say this candlestick Mr. Fontaine's property, there is the private mark upon it.
THOMAS SALMON. I am a porter to Mr. Fontaine. On the 24th of October I was going out with some goods, it was near eight o'clock. I observed the prisoner King running away from the window. I pursued him, and took him in Brook-street. I brought him back into the shop, and 
               
                  John 
                  Cole
               



             took the candlestick from his person. He got the candlestick from a hole in the window. I perceived the window was broke before I pursued him.
Q. Was the hole large enough for that candlestick - A. Yes.
Q. Was the window whole before - A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I live in Leather-lane, Holborn. On Tuesday, about eight o'clock at night, I was playing along Gray's Inn-lane with 
               
                  George 
                  King
               



             and Bill Coleman; George went up to the window and took a candlestick out.
Q.How did he do it - A. I believe he broke the window. I do not know he did it. He took the candlestick-out, a little glass lamp, and a taper-stand.
Q. What did Coleman do - A. He pulled that candlestick down to the hole; that is all Coleman did.
Q. Which of them broke the window - A. King.
Q. Were they together, King and Coleman - A. No; King was by himself, Coleman was on the other side of the way.
Q. What became of the lamp and taper-stand - A. They sold it to Mrs. Griffiths; the lamp and taper-stand were given to me.
Q. What had Coleman - A. Nothing.
Q. How long had you been acquainted together, you three - A. We knew one another living so close together. I sold the lamp to Mrs. Griffiths for a shilling; she lives in Black Boy-alley, Chick-lane, up one pair of stairs.
Q. Do you know the man - A. I believe it is her husband, they live together.
Q. Do you follow any business - A. Yes, I am a boot-closer; King and Coleman are sweep

s.
Q. What did you do with the taper-stand - A. We sold the lamp and the taperstand, both together, for a shilling to Mrs. Griffiths.
Q. Was the man at home - A. Yes, he was in the room.
Q. Who gave you the shilling - A. Mrs. Griffiths.
Q. Did Coleman go with you - A. Coleman went as far as Saffron-hill, and then he left us. Mr. Griffiths gave Mrs. Griffiths half a crown to get change; she changed the half crown at the chandler's shop at the top of the court, and gave me a shillings worth of halfpence.
Q. You are sure of that - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  HERBERT
               



            . On the evening before the jubilee I went with Mr. Hancock to Griffiths's house, in Black Boy-alley, and just as we got to Griffiths's door there was something thrown out of the window; Johnson, the evidence, said there is the lamp thrown out of the window.
Q. Who picked it up - A. Mr. Hancock, and the wax taper they threw out. I went up stairs, and saw Griffiths and his wife in the room.


                  JAMES 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . On the 24th of October, in the evening, from information I received from the prisoner King, when he was brought to the office, I then went and searched Johnson's father's place in Leather-lane. His father told me the most likely place to find him would be in Fox-court. I went there, and after a little while a woman went to fetch me Coleman. I asked Coleman where Johnson was, he told me he saw himawhile before near Chick-lane. On my way to Chick-lane I met Johnson; Coleman said, that is your man. I took Johnson into custody and searched him, and found upon him near a shillingsworth of halfpence. I took Johnson and Coleman to the Royal Oak, and then I went to Griffiths; he lives in Black Boy alley.
Q. Do they both go by the name of Griffiths - A. So far as I know: I fancy they both lived together. It is a dark alley, and the woman was sitting at the window. When I asked Johnson which was the house, Johnson told me that I should find the man with her. I run up stairs, and they were at supper together. I asked her where the lamp was that the lad had sold her. I asked Johnson who was the person, he pointed out the woman; she denied any knowledge of him, she had not bought any thing of him. At that time the man also denied any knowledge of him. After searching the room, I sent the last witness for a large candle. Opposite to the prisoner Griffiths's house there is a large yard that, I believe a slaughter-man keeps, and a number of sheep were there. There is only a small paling parts the house, and the yard and a low paling parts the yard from the alley. On my searching there, I found the lamp I now produce, and this taper-stand; it was opposite the window where this woman sat in this yard. I suppose the lamp falling on the sheep's back broke the fall, because only part of the foot was broken off.
Q. to Cole. Look at that wax taper-stand - A. I will take upon me to swear that this is Mr. Fontaine's, it is of the value of 2 s. 4 d. The glass lamp has no mark; I must decline swearing to it; we lost such a one; I believe it is his. At six o'clock there were two in the window, I missed one, it is worth 6 d.
King's Defence. I was coming past the window on Tuesday; Johnson was standing at the stationer's window, next door. I picked the candlestick up; he said, make haste, follow me. When I got to the corner of Middle-row I lost him. The shopman laid hold of me
Coleman was not put on his defence.
Griffiths and Buckthorpe left their defence to their counsel; called six witness, who gave them a good character.
KING, 

               GUILTY
             - 


               DEATH
            , aged 15.
COLEMAN, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
GRIFFITHS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 43,




               Transported for seven years
            .
BUCKTHORPE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24,





               Confined one year in the House of Correction
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
