





213. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     M'LAUGHLIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of February
, a pelisse, value 1 l. a gown, value 5 s. and two petticoats, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cawthorn
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CAWTHORN
               



             sworn. - I am a brandy-merchant
, in Idol-lane, Tower-street


: I only know from information, excepting the pelisse I took myself from her in the Compter.

SARAH-ESTHER DUDLEY
             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Cawthorn: On Friday, the 1st of this month, I was going up stairs, between three and four o'clock, and met the prisoner at the bar coming down; I asked her what she wanted; she said she wanted one Mr. M'Carthy, or somebody of that name; I told her no such person lived there, and there was a bell at the door, if she wanted any body she should ring there; having something in her apron I had rather a suspicion of her, and asked her what she had in her apron; she said it did not belong to me; with that I pulled her apron on one side, and saw these skirts which I knew to be my mistress's; I asked her how she came by them; she kept saying, how stupid, how stupid, let me go; I called for assistance, and asked her if she had got any thing else about her, belonging to me; she said she wished God might strike her down dead, if she had any thing else that belonged to me.


                  AMBROSE 
                  ELLISON
               



             sworn. - I came to the assistance of the last witness, and as I came nearer she wished to pass me; I told her she should not go till I had got an officer. (The property produced, and identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I leave my case in the hands of the gentlemen of the Jury; it is the first crime. I know no more about it than the child that was born last night. I know nothing at all about it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
