





413. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     KETTEL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 11th of April
, five handkerchiefs, value 4 s. 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Finney 
                  Sirdefield
               



             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Sirdefield
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WATSON
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Finney Sirdefield and 
               
                  William 
                  Sirdefield
               



            ; they are linen drapers

 in Newgate-street


.
Q. Did you see the prisoner on the 11th of April last - A. I did, between twelve and one o'clock. At the time Sarah Kettel came to my masters' shop I was cutting off a man a handkerchief; 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Kettel
               



             asked me whether the price was sixteen pence or no; I told her I had said the price was fourteen pence, but I would cut her off one for a shilling; she then told me to cut her one off; I did, and left it on the counter.
Q. Was there any other person in the shop at that time - A. There was; there were both the Mr. Sirdefields; the young man and the boy; they were all engaged.
Q. Did you cut her one off - A. I did; she did not pay me; I then turned to the man, put his handkerchief into paper, took his money, and went to the window to see whether it was good; I then came back to the counter with intent to put her handkerchief up into paper. On my coming back to the counter I missed one of the two pieces of handkerchiefs which I had shewn to the man before and which the prisoner was looking at; I then went on the side of the counter that the woman was of, thinking it might have fell down; she was standing close by the counter; I could not see it there; I looked at the woman and I saw the corner of it under her gown; she was covering it up with her arm as fast as she could.
Q. How many handkerchiefs did that piece contain - A Five. I took hold of the handkerchiefs and asked her where she got them from; she told me she bought them in Cheapside; I directly then sent the boy for the constable; when he came I gave her in charge.
Q. Before you delivered her up to the constable did you see that the handkerchiefs were your master's property - A I did.
Prisoner. Did I not lay a seven shilling piece on the counter for you to take for the shawl - A. No; I am quite certain that you never offered me any money.
Q. to Watson. She did not attempt to bargain for or cheapen this piece that she had taken - A. No; nor did she tender any money.
Q. Did you understand that the whole she attempted to buy was this single handkerchief - A. Yes.
JAMES WOODMAN. I am a beadle. I was sent for to take charge of this woman; I took her in custody. I have had the piece of handkerchiefs ever since.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went into this shop to buy a cheap shawl; he shewed me several; he said he would warrant this to be a strong shawl; and then I seeing these shawls lay by me I turned myself round to look at them; he said I have cut your shawl off; I said I have put seven shillings down on the counter; I had my gown tucked up under my arm; I looked round to look at these shawls; he then said I came in as a shoplifter; I said I did not understand it.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
