





581. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     HAINES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 14th of september
, three gowns, value 15 s. a pair of sheet, value 5 s. a tablecloth, value 1 s. a shift value 1 s. a petticoat, value 4 s. two pair of stockens, value 2 s. a shawl, 1 s. a veil, value 2 s. and two night caps, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sophia 
                     Lloyd
                  




               
            , spinster
.

SOPHIA LLOYD, I lived at No. 52, Holborn-hill. I am a hatter
, and I am a single woman. She was a servant
 of mine, she lived with me six days On Monday last 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Haines
               



             said she must leave me at a minutes warning; I told her that I had agreed for a months wages, or a month's warning; I therefore requested a months wages; in consequence of that she brought me eleven shillings, I told her to bring her box to me, I thought she seemed rather agitated; I told her to uncord it; she stooped down to uncord it, I saw her throwing some things of one side; my witness is here who saw the property found in her box; she took the things from me, as I took them out of the box; I found all the property that is mentioned in the indictment. After the constable took her to the counter, I found a lace cloak, and two silk handkerchiefs, that were pledged that day.
WILLIAM JOHNSON. I am a pawnbroker I produce a lace cloak; and two silk handkerchiefs, pawned by the prisoner, on the 14th of September.
MRS. Cross. I saw the things taken out out of the box.
(The property produced and identified.)
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18,




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
