





555. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 5th of September
, a silver spoon, value 11 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Firmin 
                  de Taster
               




            .


                  FERMIN 
                  DE TASTER
               



            . I live in - Bishopsgate-street, I am a merchant
. The prisoner was my footman
, he had lived with me between two and three months.


                  MARY 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. de Taster. I know that the inventory that I gave him when he counted the plate, it was all right, and he agreed to it. I have got the inventory here.
Q. Was any thing missing from that inventory. - A. Yes, a cream jug, and eight silver table spoons: I counted all the plate to him when he came, myself, and gave him the inventory.


                  DANIEL 
                  CARTWRIGHT
               



            . Q. You are a city constable. - A. Yes. I was sent for to Mr. de Taster's on Thursday morning last; he called the prisoner into his parlour, and then he went into the prisoner's room; I searched him. I found nothing upon his person, but searching a cupboard in his apartment, there were two hats, one on the top of the other, and the undermost hat had the duplicates; I then took him in custody. I went to the pawnbrokers, and they produced the property. We found among the rest, one duplicate 5th of September 1807, one spoon for eleven shillings, in his own name, pledged at Barker's, 91 Houndsditch; the prisoner was very much agitated when I found the duplicate, and wanted to speak to his master.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Where were these hats situated. - A. In his pantry, where he sleeps and keeps his clothes.


                  THOMAS 
                  TOTTERY
               



            . I live with Mr. Barker, No. 91, Houndsditch.
Q. Look at that duplicate produced by Cartwright, is that your duplicate. - A. Yes, it is my hand writing. The prisoner pledged the spoon on the 5th of September last.
The property produced and identified.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
