





564. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     DUDDERIDGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of October
,six brass bosses, value 4 s. two brass knocker plates, value 1 s. a brass hook, value 4 d. two brass carriages, value 8 d. an iron bolt staple, value 1 d. and thirty pound weight of lead, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Marriott
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  MARRIOTT
               



             sworn. Q. What are you. A. I am a smith and ironmonger
, I live in Old Broad street; the prisoner at the bar has lived with me sixteen years as my foreman
. The occasion of my knowing them to have been stolen, I was informed by an officer of Worship-street that they had taken one of my servants with some lead; I went with them to the dwelling house of the prisoner, they had a search warrant, and on searching the house I found in company with the officer, ninety five guineas in gold, in two paper boxes.
Q. That was not yours, you had not missed any gold. - A. We found a number of things in iron and brass that I recognised to be mine; part of them I have sworn to be my property, they came from my house.
Q. What are the articles you found. - A. Brass bosses, parts of brass door knockers, and what we call bell carriages.
Cross-examined by Mr. Reynolds.
Q. These articles are not peculiar to your warehouse. - A. The bosses are old bosses taken out of a crane which I had taken out from Mr. Newman of Snowhill; strictly speaking they are Mr. Newman's property, but under my care till I had sent Mr. Newman my account, then I should have allowed for the value of them.
Q. Have you ever seen these articles that you have been speaking of in Mr. Newman's house. - A. I saw them upon the arms of the crane in which they were placed, and I saw them in my house after they were taken out; and I had missed them for two or three days, they were laying on his vice board.
Q. This man you say had lived with you sixteen years, you must have had a good opinion of him. - A. So much so, his father who died in my service, after twenty years servitude, bound his wife's son apprentice to me; there was fifty pounds left. I made him a freeman, and made him a present of forty pounds odd, because the boy was to be instructed by him. He was a man that I should have been glad if this had not happened, I should have been pleased to have sacrificed five hundred pounds for him.


                  JOHN 
                  RAY
               



             sworn. I am an officer. On Friday the 17th of October I was in company with Mason, a brother officer, going down Purl street, in the parish of Christ Church; I observed the prisoner in an old iron shop with a bag, and out of that bag he shot into a scale that was in the old iron shop, about seventy pounds of lead. I went in immediately with Mason, and asked the prisoner where he got that lead; he hesitated for some time, I informed him that I was an officer of Worship street; it was my duty to know. He at last informed me he was foreman to Mr. Marriott, and that it was his perquisite. I took him to the office; my brother officer went immediately to Mr. Marriott's, to know whether it was the truth. Mr. Marriott appeared at the office; I produce the lead.
- BISHOP sworn. In consequence of a search warrant I went in company with Mr. Marriott, Mason, and Ray, to the apartments of the prisoner No. 5, Little Purl street. On searching his back room I found a quantity of brass articles.
Q. Have you got the bosses that Mr. Marriott speaks of. - A. Yes, I produce them.
Mr. Marriott. These are the bosses, they are those that have been worn by friction; these six bosses belonged to one frame, which composes the crane of the warehouse.
Q. Are you sure that they are those you took from Mr. Newman. - A. Yes, I saw them day by day; the prisoner put new iron ones in the crane for those he took out.
Q. Did you give these bosses, or any other article, to this man, allowing them as perquisites. - A. Never in my life, nor ever heard of such a thing. I should have stated they were found concealed in the hole of a forge in a bag in a little shop.
Prisoner's Defence. It ways always a rule in the trade ever since I have been in it, that is almost nineteen years, to have the old brass and lead. If the right person had them they belong to Mr. Newman, Skinner street.


                  THOMAS 
                  HILLSLEY
               



             sworn. I am a smith; the old brass which came out of the crane belongs to Mr. Newman, Skinner street.
Q. Is that any perquisites of the men. - A. It was always understood to be the perquisites of the men in the shop.
Court. What, Mr. Newman's goods to be perquisites.


                  JAMES 
                  POWELL
               



             sworn. I always understood the old brass and the old lead, iron, or what not, belonged to the person who did the job.
Court. You understand all the old materials belonged to the journeyman, and not to the master. - A. Yes, the old brass and the old lead.
Q. Then in a shop where there is a great deal of work done, it must be worth something to a foreman, the old brass and the old lead must be worth two or three hundred pounds a year. - A. No.
Q. How much then, he being the principal man, which would have the best place, the master or the man. - A. The master.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Lord Ellenborough.
