





360. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HOWARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Williams
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of twelve on the night of the 28th of April
, with intent to steal and burglariously stealing therein, three sets of cart harness, value 2 l. three cart ropes, value 5 s. one coat, value 5 s. and two sacks, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Woodbridge
                        



.


                  JAMES 
                  GRAINGER
               



            . Q. Do you know Mr. Woodbridge. - A. Yes, he was my master, his name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Woodbridge
               



            , he lives at Greenford Green, in the parish of Willsdon


. On the 28th of April I saw the prisoner in the stable about twelve o'clock at night; I had been out to my benefit club. I had bought a bit of bacon the over night, and I put it in the stable when I did my horses up, and when I came home from my benefit club I went into the stable to take the bacon out; I saw a man in the stable up against the lost window, and the dunghill window was open.
Q. Was that left shut. - A. Yes, I left it shut between six and seven o'clock; there were three pair of trace chains for cart horses, they were put in a sack, it stood against the dung hole window; the mouth of the sack was tied, and three ropes he had put loose on the dunghill, with his hat full of horse hair.
Q. Where had these things been. - A. We always hang the harness up in the stable; he had cut the back band straps and took the chains out of them, and he had got the dung fork in his hand to try to wrench the bin open; when I went up to the dung hole window I found him in the stable. I called my follow servant back; then he got up into the loft.
Q. Had the man been about the parish. - A. Yes; he at a time had worked for Mr. Boram; he got out of the loft into the barn; we took him in the barn.
Q. What did he say for himself. - A. He said he did it in distress.
Q. Is this stable or loft part of the house. - A. No, the stable is one side and the house is of the other; they all join. He got in at the loft.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORGAN
               



            . Q. Were you with Grainger at the time the prisoner was taken. - A. Yes; I live in the house and I have the care of the farm; I was in bed at the time, 
               
                  James 
                  Grainger
               



             called me up; I got up and loaded my piece; I went into the barn, I said, my friends, whether you be one or two, if I see you I will shoot you; the prisoner at the bar said here I be, set a ladder and I will come down; he was without a coat and hat, I took him in the stable, I asked him how he could think of breaking the place open and cutting the leather to pieces; I asked him why he did not go to work, he said he had got no work to do; I told him he had better go a begging, he said if he went a begging he should be put in prison; I told him he lived in a Christian country, if he told his case any body would relieve him; I said you have got a good pair of trowsers on, why did not you sell them; he said would you like to strip yourself naked. I left him in the stable till three o'clock; at four I went over to the public house; as soon as it was open, I gave him some beer and a glass of gin; I took a dog's collar from him, he asked me to give it him, I would not; he threatened me if ever he should be at liberty, he would make me remember the dog's collar. I would not give it him; the collar I thought might lead to some discovery.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am not guilty of the charge; I was just come up from Colchester; I went out of the road to get a place to lay down; the stable window was open; I went in to lie down; there was a man came in, he made an alarm; as soon as the alarm was given, another man came in, he said d - n him, shoot him; it frightened me, I went up into the loft.
GUILTY, aged 38.




               Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
