





332. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 1st of April
, a shirt, value 5 s. a pair of breeches, value 15 s. a pair of braces, value 2 s. 6 d. a pair of stockings, value 1 s. three handkerchiefs, value 3 s. 6 d. and a neck pad, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Simon 
                     Wellington
                  




               
            .


                  SIMON 
                  WELLINGTON
               



            . I keep two lodgings; I live at No. 16, New street square. My wife was put to bed lately, I took lodgings at No. 8, Robin Hood court, Shoe lane. On Saturday the 1st of April, in the morning, I left a bundle there, and on Saturday evening my landlord came to me and asked me if I had not left a bundle in the room; I told him yes; he informed me that a man had been in the house and took the bundle out; he took me to the White Swan in Shoe lane; when I came there the landlord asked me the contents of the bundle; I told him. We took the man to the Poultry compter.
Q. Who is that man - A. The prisoner.


                  PETER 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a cordwainer, I live at No. 15, 
               
                  Flower 
                  de Luce
               



             court, Fleet street. On the 1st of April, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I was coming down Robin Hood court, I saw the prisoner come out of Wellington's house with a bag in his hand; instantaneously a woman ran out of the house and called stop thief; I run after the man, in company with two more, for about twenty yards, and there we took the man; he threw the bag away the moment he was laid hold of; I laid hold of the bag and my friend secured the prisoner.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LINGARD
               



            . On Saturday the 1st of April I heard my wife cry out stop thief, as I was at tea; I immediately ran out of doors, I saw the prisoner with the bag, I ran after him and laid hold of him, we both fell down together. The two constables came by at the same time; one got hold of the bag and the other got hold of the prisoner.


                  SARAH 
                  LINGARD
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness, my husband is a coppersmith; I live at No. 18, Robin Hood court. Wellington lodged there. On Saturday the 1st of April, between six and seven o'clock, I heard the prisoner go through the passage; he made towards the door, I ran after him and called out stop thief; my husband followed him; I never saw him before to my knowledge.
Q. He had no business in your house, had he - A. No; none at all.
Q. What room were the things belonging to Mr. Wellington in - A. In the garret.
JAMES POSJOY. I am an officer. I produce the bag. On Saturday evening the 1st of April, I was passing the door of Wellington's lodgings, in company with 
               
                  Peter 
                  Jones
               



            ; I saw the prisoner come out of the door with this bag in his hand, he shut the door after him; in one moment the door was opened and the lady called out stop thief; I joined in the pursuit and catched hold of him; it is the same bag, he had it under his arm, and the contents are the same. It is the prisoner's bag.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the things; I wasgoing along Shoe lane, I went up to see what was the matter, I saw a mob of people; this man came behind me and gave me a violent blow on my head, knocked me down and broke my knee pan; they dragged me into the public house and said I must be the man that dropped the things.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
