






441. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     HODGES
                  




               
            , JUNIOR, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of May

, a gown, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Welch
                        



                     
                  ; a gown, value 5 s. of 
                     
                        
                           Mary Ann 
                           Sinclair
                        



                     
                  ; three yards and a half of linen, value 11 s. a shawl, value 5 s. a silk handkerchief, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Pike
                  



               
            ; - and

MARY ANN HODGES


               
             for 


               feloniously receiving on the same day, two gowns, value 11 s. and a silk handkerchief, value 3 s. being part and parcel of the same goods, she knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PIKE
               



            . I am a fruit salesman
, I live at No. 3, East street, Spital fields market; I keep a shop in the market. On Wednesday the 4th of June I was not at home; Saturday morning I was sitting in my son's shop; this woman prisoner and her daughter came by, she had a handkerchief on the fellow of this; I followed her down the market to my shop, then I put my hand to her elbow, I said I want to speak to you, I think you have got my handkerchief on your neck, and my daughter's gown on your back; she said if they are your things Mr. Pike you shall have them, for I have bought them; I said do not strip here; I called my daughter out; she knew the things better than I did. The other gown we found in her room afterwards. I sent for an officer and sent her to the watchhouse.
Q. Do you know any thing of the woman - A. I have seen her before; I know nothing of the child.


                  SARAH 
                  WELCH
               



            . I am the daughter of the last witness, I am a married woman. On Wednesday the 4th of May, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I was going up stairs in my father's house, our servant halloaed out who is there, I answered her it is me, by the time I got up one pair of stairs the younger prisoner got up two pair of stairs; and when I got up twopair of stairs, she was asking a person whether Mrs. Cotton lived there; I told her, no, there were no lodgers in the house; I went into the two pair of stairs front room and sat down; I thought the girl was gone down stairs; in about five minutes the servant went down stairs, when she had finished making her mistresses bed; she called out have you taken the belcher silk handkerchief off the bannisters; I said I had not seen it; she said she had not seen it; she said she hung it there about five minutes before she went up to make the bed. We went into the front room; we missed three yards and a half of new cloth out of the window; we missed from the sofa two gowns, a buff shawl, and a pink frock; we had seen them all there about an hour before. On Saturday, the 7th of May, my father sent for me out; he asked me if that was the girl that came into our place on the Wednesday; I told him it was; I am sure it was the girl; she had a dark gown on, a pink frock, and a brown beaver hat; I am sure she is the same. I saw the elder 
               
                  Ann 
                  Hodges
               



             with my gown on, and my father's silk handkerchief.
Mr. Knapp. At no one time did you see any one thing in the possession of the girl - A. No.
Q. Have you ever recovered any thing but the gown and handkerchief - A. Yes; two gowns and the handkerchief; one gown was on her back and the other was found at her house


                  MARY 
                  ANN SINCLAIR
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Pike. I was making my mistresses bed on the Wednesday, I heard somebody come in at the street door; I asked who was there; Mrs. Welch answered me; the girl came into the two pair, where I was; she asked for the name of Mrs. Cotton.
Q. Did she come into the room where you was - A. No; she came into the passage; I met her in the passage; I told her no Mrs. Cotton lived there; I went into the room and finished making the beds. In about five minutes afterwards I went down stairs; I missed the belcher handkerchief off the stairs; I called to Mrs. Welch and asked her whether she had taken it; she said no; I went into the first floor; I missed the cloth out of the window, and I missed a gown.
Q. You afterwards saw the gown - A. Yes; on Saturday, in my mistress's stall.
- I was headborough of the parish of Christ's Church at the time this transaction took place. On the 7th of May, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I was sent for by Mr. Pike to take the prisoners into custody; I conducted them to the watchhouse; when I got them to the watchhouse I took the gown and handkerchief off the elder prisoner; I asked her where she got them from; she said that the daughter told her a bargain was to be bought in Wentworth-street, of a woman of the the name of Mrs. Wells; I went from one end of Wentworth street to the other, no such person could be found; I took also two boxes from the prisoner, containing thirty duplicates, nine leading to this property. At the prisoners lodgings I found another gown and shawl; the elder prisoner told me this gown and shawl belonged to the servant of the prosecutor, I should find it there; she told me she had bought them of Mrs. Wells for ten shillings. The mother said she had been drawn in by the child recommending her to the bargain.
(The property produced and identified.)


                  Ann 
                  Hodges
               



            , senior's, Defence. I know not the house were the things came from; I purchased them for eleven shillings. I gave all the intelligence I could of the woman that I purchased them of. If I had stole them I should not have worn them on my back.


                  Ann 
                  Hodges
               



            , junior, left her defence to her counsel.
The prisoners called three witnesses, who gave them a good character.
HODGES, JUNIOR, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 11.





               Fined One Shilling
             and discharged.
HODGES, SENIOR, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
