






602. 
               
                  
                     SARAH-ANN 
                     BELL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BOND
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of July
, a card, value 1d. and fourteen yards of black lace, value 3l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Carver
                  




               
            .
JOHN CARVER sworn. - I keep a mercer's shop
, No. 33, Oxford-street


: On the 18th of July, in the afternoon, I lost a card of lace; I was informed of it by 
               
                  Charles 
                  Webb
               



            , my young man; I came out of the back shop, and saw the two prisoners there; they did not come in together; I saw the prisoner, Bond, come in; I did not see the other come in.


                  CHARLES 
                  WEBB
               



             sworn. - I am shopman to Mr. Brown, in Oxford-street; I was shopman to Mr. Carver; On the 18th of July, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner Bell, and a woman who has been discharged, came into the shop, and asked to look at some lace; when they came in Mr. Carver and myself were engaged with customers; I was at leisure first, I shewed them some black lace; they said they did not mean black lace, they meant white; I told them we did not keep white French lace, they would get it eight or nine doors higher; the woman that is discharged said she wanted a remnant of black lace, about two yards; I shewed them some; I observed the prisoner, Bell, draw a card of lace off the counter with her right hand, and drop it on the ground; the prisoner, Bond, was at a distance when the card of lace was on the ground; she came and sat down in a chair by the prisoner, Bell; I continued to shew them all three lace; when I found none would suit them, I put the lace by; I went round the counter to look for the card that was dropped, and it was gone; I said I had lost a card of lace; I then observed that the prisoner, Bond, was gone; I went into the back shop to tell my master of it; I then went out after the prisoner, Bond; when I came to Newman-street, I observed the prisoner, Bond, walking slowly up; I went up to her, and asked her to come back; she said, yes, is there any thing the matter; she turned herself, and came close to me; I drew away from her, and desired her to come along; we walked on together about three yards; I then looked back, and saw the card lying without the lace about three yards behind us; I pointed to the card and said, that betrays you; she then drew the lace out of her right-hand pocket-hole; I then picked up the card, and she gave me the lace, and I brought her back to the shop, where the prisoner, Bell, was; my master then desired me to go for a constable; a constable came, and they were all three taken into custody. The prisoner, Bell, came in about three minutes after the others, she had a child in her arms (produces the lace); I know the lace by my master's private mark upon the card C. C. A. C. and I know it by the pattern; I had shewn them that card, it is worth 3l.

Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Your master has a partner, has not he? - A. No.
Q. The woman who was discharged was the spokeswoman upon this occasion, and asked for the lace? - A. Yes.
Q. She had a child? - A. Yes, and Mrs. Bell had a child.
Q. Both the children were playing upon the counter? - A. I cannot say that.
Q. You never saw the lace in the possession of Mrs. Bell? - A. Yes, I saw her draw it off the counter.
Q. You never saw her pick up the lace? - A. No.
Q. Mrs. Bond did not come in in company with Mrs. Bell? - A. No; she sat about three yards from her.(The lace was identified by the prosecutor.)
The prisoners left their defence to their Counsel.
Bell, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.
Bond, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 23.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
