





229. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  NICHOLAS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of February
, sixty-four pounds of lead, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Mills
                     




                  , fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
Second Count. Stating the lead to be fixed to a certain building used by Mr. Mills.
Third Count. Fixed to a certain building of his.
WILLIAM MILLS sworn. - I live at No. 67, Harley street


: On the 11th of this month, Friday, the master of the prisoner came to me and informed me he believed I had been robbed; I went with him to his yard, he is a bricklayer; we found the piece of lead in the yard, and the prisoner was secured by the watchman; it was between six and seven o'clock in the evening; we went to the watch-house with the prisoner, and the constable said, he would come the next morning to see if the lead sitted the place; he came about nine o'clock the next morning with the lead; I was present when it was fitted.
Q.When did you first know any lead was taken from your house? - A. The same evening, I went up with the prisoner's master, and missed the lead, it was over the dressing-room, belonging to the Cold-bath; it is detached from the house, there is a yard between.
Q. Is there any wall runs from the house to the building? - A. Yes, a party-wall, my yard is surrounded by a wall; the lead was a slushing over the gutter part of it, it was over the sky-light.
Q. When before that had you seen the lead on the premises? - A. I may venture to say I saw it a month before, it appeared to be part cut, and part torn, it was freth done.
Q.Were you with the constable when he compared it with the place? - A. Yes.
Q. Did it cover the place, did the nail-holes correspond? - A. They corresponded with the slushing of the lead, I can swear that was my lead.
Q. Did you see the prisoner at any time on your premises? - A. No, never saw him before; his master's yard joins the premises.
Q. Was his master at work for you? - A.No.
WILLIAM GOODYER sworn. - I am a bricklayer, the prisoner was a labourer
 of mine, I live in Sheppard-street, this yard is in Queen-Ann's-street, West; on Friday the 11th, the keys of the yard not being as soon as usual, I went up to the yard about a quarter after six, and found the yard not locked, but a chain put up on the inside, I shook the door and the chain fell down; I went into the yard, and found the shed not locked; I saw two of my ladders against an open shed-roof that adjoins to Mr. Mills's premises, I thought there was something not right; I came out and locked the gate, and went opposite the yard, and watched about twenty minutes; when the watchman came to his box, I desired him to come to the yard, for I heard distinctly some knocking and thumping in the yard; he got another watchman, and we went into the yard, we saw nobody, I said, I was sure there was somebody, for the ladders were removed, and laid down; the watchman then found the prisoner, and said, we have got one; I left the gate, and went down to them, and saw the prisoner; I asked him what he was doing there at that time, he said, he was in liquor, and laid down there; he said, the other man that worked in the yard, as they were going home, led him back there, that man has escaped; going down the yard, I kicked my foot against some lead in the yard.
Q. Was that lead near Mr. Mills's premises?- A. Yes, close to my roof that joins his premises.
Q. Did it appear recently cut? - A. It did, I examined it that night, some was torn, and some was cut; I went immediately to Mr. Mills's, whilehe was in custody in the yard; he went directly to the spot, and missed the lead; in one of my pails in the yard, there was about half a hundred weight beat up, and nearly filled the pail, it appeared to be the same sort as that found in the yard.
Q. You saw the whole of the lead? - A. Yes.
Q. Did there appear as much as would sit the place the lead had been taken from? - A. Yes; I had no lead in my yard; I left the gate open, and went to the yard when he was taken,
Jury. Q. Did he appear to be in liquor? - A. Yes, he was in liquor; I asked him if there was any body with him, he denied it, he said afterwards, another man brought him back.
WILLIAM PALMER sworn. - I am a watchman, I watched the yard; near half an hour after six, I went down to the shed, I looked about, and the prisoner was stopping by one of the posts that supports the shed; I laid hold of him by the collar. I brought him out of the shed, and called to Mr. Goodyer, here is one.
Q. What passed between you and the prisoner?- A. Not a word.
Q. Was he runk or sober? - A. He appeared to me not much in liquor, he trembled, he could stand and walk, I found nothing upon him; I took him to the watch-house.
Q.No knife found upon him? - A. No; I saw some lead in the yard on the ground, five or six yards from the shed; I saw some lead in a pail, behind some wood-work, in the yard; that in the pail was in small pieces, packed very close, I did not examine that, that in the yard appeared recently cut.


                  HENRY 
                  BATES
               



             sworn. - I belong to Mary-le-bonne watch-house; I was not in the yard, the prisoner was brought in the 11th of this month, by Goodyer and Palmer, near seven o'clock, he was searched, but nothing found upon him; the lead was brought, I have had it from that time to this, some was brought in a pail, and some open, (the lead produced;) there is about sixty-four pounds weight of it; I attended Mills to the premises the next morning, I compared the lead with the premises, it exactly corresponded, except a piece or two that would not sit, there was some gone.
Q. Did the nail holes sit? - A. Yes, I believe it to be the same lead, I have no doubt of it.
EDWARD MURPHY sworn. - I am a bricklayer; I can prove nothing about it, but locking Mr. Goodyer's gates a quarter before six, I delivered the keys to the prisoner, and the man working with him.
Q.(To Bates.) What condition was the prisoner in when brought to the watch-house? - A. He was in liquor, he could walk very well.
Q.(To Murphy.) In what condition was he, when he left the yard? - A. Very much in liquor; the other man and he had five half pints of gin in the course of the day; he could walk.
Q. Was he sober enough to stand at the bottom of the ladder while another man went up? - A. I don't know; he could stand.
Prisoner's defence. I was very much in liquor, we had three pints of gin going along; I fell down, he took me up, and went and laid me by the post of the shed, and I fell asleep, the watchman came in and waked me up; I never saw the lead, and know nothing about it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
