





652. 
               
                  HUGH THOMAS


               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 15th of August
, 17 ounces weight of tobacco, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Proctor 
                     Ryder
                  




               
            .


                  PROCTOR 
                  RYDER
               



            . I am a tobacconist
, 70. West Smithfield


. The prisoner was in my employ; on the 15th of August, from information, I got up early before the men came to work; my wife locked me up in the shop, I concealed myself. The key of the shop was given as usual to the boy to open the shop, the bell rung, the boy let the prisoner in, he engaged my boy's attention with talking about Bonaparte, shortly afterwards a woman came in for some snuff, he still continued his discourse, the woman said if you do not serve me I shall go, I shall not wait while you are talking your nonsense, he immediately took two handfulls of tobacco from the cask and put it in his pocket; took a white handkerchief out of his pocket wiped his mouth and put it on the top of the tobacco in his left hand pocket, took off his coat and hung it in the passage: shortly after my wife came down and let me out of this place that I was concealed in, I went and procured an officer; presently the prisoner put on his coat and went to breakfast, I permitted him to go 12 or 13 yards from the door I ran after him and collared him he dragged me back from my own shop. In the middle of the shop there was a cover-head of Shag-tobacco cut the day before, put there for the purpose of cooling, he went into the back warehouse, pulled off his hat and out fell about a pound and a half of unfinished tobacco that he had cut that morning; the constable searched him and found very near 8 ounces of shag tobacco in his left hand coat pocket; the prisoner said he never sold any, he took it merely to give to his friends. I asked him what he did with that in his hat, he replied he did not take that.
MR. WALFORD. You were occasionally in the habit of giving this man tobacco? - A. No, I told him that if he asked me for some I would give him some, I had been robbed; he was never to take any.


                  THOMAS 
                  JARVIS
               



            . I am a constable, I searched the prisoner and took this tobacco out of his pocket. I saw this tobacco fall out of his hat.
Prisoner's Defence. The constable was not in the house at the time when Mr. Hardy says he saw it fall out of my hat.
The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
