





381. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 23d of June
, feloniously, knowingly, and wittingly, and without lawful excuse, having in his custody divers forged and counterfeited Bank notes, setting forth five different forged and counterfeited Bank notes, for the payment of 1 l. each, he then and there knowing the said Bank notes to be forged and counterfeited. And another charge, for the like offence, only stating it one forged and counterfeited Bank note, for the payment of 1 l. he then knowing the said Bank note to be forged and counterfeited
            .
Second Count. For having in his possession, without lawful excuse, a certain other forged and counterfeited Bank note.
And other Counts, setting forth other forged and counterfeited Bank notes.
(The indictment was read by Mr. Bosanquet, and the case stated by Mr. Fielding.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Giles. Q. Were you stationed at the house of the prisoner, No. 14, Cumberland-street, Tottenham-court road


, on the 23d of June? - A. I waited there till about five o'clock in the afternoon; I went on Friday, and staid there all night; he had a lodging in the two pair of stairs front room; I staid there in the room; there was one of the Officers with me at night; about five o'clock on Saturday afternoon, Mr. Jones and three more men and a woman came up stairs to me.
Q. Were you acquainted with their persons? - A. I had never seen them before; as soon as Jones came up, I asked him if his name was Jones; he said, yes; he said, where is my wife; I told him she had not been gone long, she was at a public-house near by, and I would shew him where she was.
Q. At the same time where was his wife? - A. At Mr. Carpmeal's, an Officer of Bow-street; they were very agreeable to go with me; I gave them the key of the room, and they locked the door; they all went down stairs, and I followed them, and when they got into the street they seemed rather shy; I said you had better all go together, it is but just round the corner; there was one of them with a saddle-bag; he said, I cannotgo, it will be too late for me, I must go by the coach; then Jones made answer and said, he would be d - d if he would go, and I said, I would be d - d if he should not go; I took hold of his collar with my left hand; the other men all went off but one; one stopped; the woman went away first; Jones then put his right hand in his pocket, and threw this parcel (shews the parcel) and said to the man, take care of that; he threw it in the street, and the man that waited picked it up, and Jones begged him to run away with it; I immediately swore, that if he ran away with it I would shoot him; I then swore, if he did not bring or throw the parcel to me, I would shoot him; he threw the parcel, and it hit me on the leg; I stooped to pick it up, and Jones tried to throw me down, and he kicked the parcel about a yard from me; then I threw Jones; we had three or four ups and downs in the street, and we had three or four overs at the same time; and then there came by a young girl; I desired her to pick the parcel up; she threw it at me; there was a man standing by; I understand his name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Jones
               



            ; I charged him to aid and assist, and just when the girl threw the parcel I was on top of the prisoner; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Jones
               



             took the parcel, and kept it till such time as I had tied the prisoner's hands; when I tied his hands, I got a coach and took him to Bow-street; I took the parcel and put it in my pocket; Mr. Bliss examined it; I found a large piece of cotton in it, which is here now, and inside of the cotton there is a brown paper parcel, and when the parcel was opened there were five parcels, and each parcel contained twenty 1 l. notes; in all there were one hundred pounds.
Q. I believe you marked them? - A. (Looks at them.) Yes, they are the same.


                  MARY 
                  WHITE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Bosanquet. Q. Look at the prisoner; do you remember seeing the prisoner any time with the last witness? - A. Yes, on Saturday afternoon, at five o'clock, on the 23d of June.
Q. Did you see any struggle between them? - A. No.
Q. Did you see a paper parcel? - A. Yes, I did.
Q. Did you pick up that parcel? - A. I throwed it to the Officer; he desired me to pick it up; I held it a bit, and he did not take it, and then I threw it down.
Q. Did you open the parcel while it was in your possession? - A. I did not.


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Fielding. Q. Were you present at the struggle between the officer and the prisoner at the bar? - A. Yes; I was in my shop, on Saturday, the 23d of June, and saw two men in the road, contending or struggling together; the prisoner at the bar and the officer; I went out to see what was the matter, and just as I got out of the door the prisoner was on his back, and the officer had got his legs over him; I then asked what was the matter; he told me he was a Bow-street officer, and charged me to assist him; I took the parcel and stood by; he tied his hands together; there was a paper parcel which the officer desired the girl to throw towards him; I took the parcel; I kept the parcel while he tied his hands; the parcel was the same parcel the girl threw to him.
Prisoner. Q. Is that the same parcel that I had in my hands? - A. To the best of my knowledge it is; there was writing on it, and according to the writing I now see, it is; it was directed in the same way; I did not see it opened.
Prisoner. Nor I.


                  THOMAS 
                  BLISS
               



             sworn. Court. Q. What are you? - A. I am one of the inspectors of the Bank of England.
Mr. Giles. Q. Were you at Bow-street when this parcel was brought? - A. I was at Bow-street half an hour after the man was there (looks at the notes), and these are five of the notes; there were five parcels of twenty each, and these five are like the others; they are all forged notes; the five separate parcels of twenty each; I have looked at them all, and marked them all; every one of these notes are forged, and all from the same plate. - (The notes read.)
Prisoner's defence. Saturday week I came to town, as stated, in company with three men and a woman; when we came into London, they told me they were strangers to London; I told them I lived very near there; they had a portmanteau and several bundles; among the bundles there was this parcel that I had; I asked them to go to my lodging to get a cup of tea; upon entering the room there was Mr. Smith there; I asked for my wife; he told me he would take me there; after going down stairs, and going along, I recollected I had a parcel that belonged to them; I threw the parcel to the man that belonged to it; he picked up the parcel, and after the man went a little way he threw the parcel down; he says he pulled his pistol out to the man; he had no pistol; in the mean time I was thrown down on my back; he tied my hands; how was it possible that it could not be out of his sight, when he was shifting from one side to the other and tying my hands; I asked him where I was going to; he said, you must go along with me; he said, come along immediately; a scuffle ensued, it did not last above a minute, there were no blows, nor any harm.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
