





35. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HAYES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of November
, twelve pounds weight of hemp, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles-Hamden 
                     Turner
                  




               
            , Esq
.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GARDNER
               



             sworn. - I am foreman to Mr. Charles-Hamden Turner, a sail-cloth manufacturer
, at Limehouse


: On the 30th of September, I gave out twelve pounds of Italian hemp to 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Barlow
               



            , to spin. On the 1st of October, she was taken in labour. On the 8th of November, she was recovered, and, going to her work again, missed this hemp. On the 11th of November, it was brought to me by 
               
                  Mary 
                  Briant
               



             to sell, and, knowing it to be my master's property, I stopped it; I went with her and some other persons, and we took the man she bought it of, which is the prisoner at the bar.



                  HANNAH 
                  BARLOW
               



             sworn. - I work for Mr. Turner, I received twelve pounds of hemp from the foreman; I was taken in labour, and laid it by in the wash-house. On the 8th of November, I looked for it, and it was gone; I shall know it again.
(The hemp produced in Court.)
Barlow. I am sure this is the same.


                  MARY 
                  BRIANT
               



             sworn. - This hemp was brought to me by the prisoner, I cannot say the day, it was about a week before I went to sell it to Mr. Gardiner; this is the same hemp, I gave the prisoner four shillings for it.
Gardner. I had this hemp from 
               
                  Mary 
                  Briant
               



            , on the 11th of November; there is none in England manufactured in the same way for the same purpose; I know it to be my master's hemp; the prisoner is in the habit of going that way, and could easily have got it.
Prisoner's defence. I never saw this woman before.
Briant. The woman is here that paid him the money for it; I was sick in bed.


                  MARGARET 
                  KIRWAN
               



             sworn. - I saw the prisoner the day 
               
                  Mary 
                  Briant
               



             bought the hemp of him, I am sure he is the man; I paid him four shillings for it; this woman was sick in bed.
(The hemp was also identified by a servant of Mr. Turner's, who tied it up.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 52.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
