





332. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HAYWOOD
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of May
, a basket, value 1 s. and forty pound weight of butter, value 2 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Thomas
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I live in Trump-street, Honey-lane Market


, I am a butterman and cheesemonger
; on Monday week the 12th instant, about twenty minutes before nine o'clock in the evening, I was in Milk-street, Cheapside, I had not been gone ten minutes before I was sent after, and was informed that I had lost a quantity of butter; when I returned, the prisoner at the bar was in my shop, and the flat of butter; I could swear to the butter, by the note that was in it.


                  JOHN 
                  CARTER
               



             sworn. I am servant to Mr. Hubbard, poulterer, a neighbour opposite to Mr. Thomas: I was at my own shop, I saw this here prisoner take the flat of butter up.
Q. What time of the day was it. - A. About twenty minutes before nine o'clock at night; he walked gently down the left hand side of Trump-street with it, I walked after him, hearing his shoes, another behind whistled, as soon as he heard the whistle he dropped the flat of butter, I hallooed out Stop thief; soon after he was taken.
Q. Did you lose sight of him. - A. No, he was brought back and the butter too, there was no soul in the street but him and another man.
Prisoner. I think he is swearing very false.
WILLIAM M'DONALD sworn. I am a constable; on Monday, the 12th instant, I was sent for by Mr. Thomas to come to his shop, the prisoner and the butter was in Mr. Thomas's shop; I produce the flat and the cloth. (The property identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence. I have just come from Ireland, I have been out of the kingdom twelve years, I have been in Egypt and every where, as I was going down this street, when the word Stop thief was cried out, I ran as well as the rest; this boy swore that he never lost sight of me, he said to the alderman that he lost sight of me for ten minutes, and that I had a white coat on; there were two hundred people in the street besides me.
Court. Q. It is a short street, there could not be two hundred people at that time of the night. - A. This boy will swear any thing.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
