





294. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GILLIARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of January
, a cloth coat, value 10s. a waistcoat, value 5s. and a pair of breeches, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Crichton
                  




               
            , Esq.


JOHN CRICHTON sworn. - I live in Steven-street, in the parish of St. Pancras


; the prisoner was my footman
; he lived with me about five months: On or about the 30th of November I was robbed; my portmanteau was broke open; my suspicion fell on the prisoner; I wrote to his master where he had lived at Exeter, and was informed he had robbed him; I was at Margate, and could not easily get at a Magistrate, and before I could come to London, he decamped with his livery; I wrote to the people I dealt with in town, not to trust, except one person, a breeches-maker; he went to him, and ordered a pair of breeches; the breeches-maker sent to me, and I ordered him, when he came, to get a constable, and take him into custody; the things mentioned in the indictment are his livery; I made no agreement for any livery; he had not wore the livery above three weeks; he absconded from Margate on the 11th of December, and was taken in London the 8th of January.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKSON
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: On Saturday evening the 8th of January, I was sent for to Swallow-street; I went with another officer, and found the prisoner sitting on his breeches; he went to the shop door; I desired him to walk back, I wanted to speak to him; we then took him to the Office.


                  JOHN 
                  FOY
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Marlborough-street; I apprehended the prisoner at a breeches-maker's, in Swallow-street; he was sitting on a pair of breeches, and these breeches were lying by him; he said they were his; we took him to the Office.
JOHN COZENS sworn. - I am a shoemaker; I live at No. 4, Ogle-street; I have a coat and waistcoat I bought of the prisoner; I cannot justly say whether it was on Christmas-eve, or the day before; I sold him a pair of boots for 10s. I gave him the boots and 4s. for them.
Crichton. These are my property; the breeches I cannot so positively swear to as the coat and waistcoat; he had not wore them, I suppose, more than five or six times; there was also a laced hat.
Q. Had he any other cloaths? - A.Very few; I believe there was a jacket and waistcoat he left behind, very old; he went off in such great haste, he had not time to arrange his matters.
Prisoner's defence. I had been with my master six months; I thought the things belonged to me; they were given to me. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
