





100. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     COLINGWOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               she being in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           James Dumont 
                           Brown
                        



                     
                  , on the 13th of December
, about the hour of twelve at night, feloniously did steal therein, a pelisse, value 10 s. a bonnet, value 1 s. a mahogany knife-case, value 5 s. twelve silver-handle knives, value 10 s. twelve silver-handle forks, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Dumont Brown
                     



                  ; a gown, value 8 s. one apron, value 2 s. a gown, value 2 s. a petticoat, value 2 s. a habit shirt, value 1 s. and a cap, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Higgins
                        



                     
                  ; that she afterwards, at the same hour. from the same dwelling-house burglariously did break out of the same
            .


                  JAMES 
                  DUMONT BROWN
               



             sworn. I live in New-street, Covent Garden


. On the 14th of December, about a quarter after seven o'clock, we observed the street door open; I found the prisoner was absent from the house; upon looking to see if there was any thing gone, I missed the articles in the indictment; knowing that she came from Sunderland, I immediately went to where the Sunderland ships lay in the river, and made enquiry; I also went to different houses where the captains use, and there I gave the description of the prisoner, and told them I had been robbed, requesting of them that if such a person came to their house; to enquire for a captain, to let me know, leaving with them my address; she left me onSaturday. On the Tuesday evening a man came and fetched me to the office at Shadwell. I found her in custody, dressed in her mistress's pelisse, and a black silk bonnet.
Q. When did you see the rest of your things? A. We have them here now, they were reclaimed from the pawnbroker's, by paying the money that she had pawned them for; she had destroyed the duplicates.


                  GEORGE 
                  HARRIS
               



             sworn. I am an officer of Shadwell: on Tuesday the 17th of December I received information that the girl was at Shadwell, I went and apprehended her, she had the pelisse and bonnet belonging to the prosecutor's wife on her, and this gown and apron charged in the indictment.
Prosecutor. I know that such a bonnet and pelisse as that my wife did wear for a considerable time.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witness to character.




               GUILTY, aged 14, of stealing only, but not of breaking out of the house
            ,




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before the Lord Chief Baron.
