





284. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  HALFORD
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of January
, a handkerchief, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Ward
                     




                  , privately from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARD
               



             sworn. - I am an independent gentleman: On Monday the 31st of January, about three o'clock, going along Cornhill


, a person tapped me on the shoulder, and asked me if I had not lost a silk handkerchief; I put my hand in my pocket, and found it was gone; he told me an officer of the Lord Mayor had secured the person; I went on Tuesday to the Mansion-house, and saw my handkerchief; the prisoner had a hearing then; I knew the handkerchief by two W's upon it at different corners; it was a chocolate spotted silk handkerchief.
Q. When this man spoke to you, you had not found it taken from you? - A. No.


                  ISAAC 
                  BACKROW
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; as I was coming along the Poultry, I saw the prisoner put his hand in a gentleman's pocket, and pull out his handkerchief; I caught him by the collar, and said, you have taken a handkerchief out of that gentleman's pocket; he was going to put it into his breeches; I took the handkerchief out of his hand, and sent a person after the gentleman, to ask him if he had had his pocket picked, and bring him back; he came back, and we took the prisoner to the Mansion-house; the Lord Mayor was gone, and we took him to the Compter till the next day; he was then examined, and the prosecutor swore to the handkerchief; I have kept it in my possession; this is the handkerchief -(producing it.)
Mr. Ward. This is the handkerchief I missed; I know it by the marks; I have had it about six months.
Prisoner's defence. Walking along the street, I saw a woman going to pick up this handkerchief;I stopped down, and picked it up before her; several people saw me pick it up; I had it open in my hand; nobody offered to own it; he came up; I said, I had found the handkerchief; he said I was a liar, I had picked a gentleman's pocket of it, and I should go to the Compter.
GUILTY, aged 17,
Of 


               stealing to the value of 10d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
