





279. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLIMER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of January
, a wooden chest, value 10s. a bed, value 10s. two blankets, value 10s. a pillow case, value 2s. four pair of worsted stockings, value 4s. eight books, value 6s. a razor strop, value 2d. three razors, value 3s. and a fan, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of John Hoddy
            .
JOHN SMITH sworn. - I am a seaman
; I was paid off the 24th of January at Chatham; I came up with the coach to Gravesend, and came to London in the King George Gravesend boat; I arrived about two, or between two and three in the morning at Billingsgate; my wife was with me; I had a large bag and a chest; I employed a porter to carry the chest, and took the bag upon my shoulder; I told him to go to the first house he came to, as I was very much fatigued, and he went into the Queen's Head, Darkhouse-lane


; when we got into the house, the prisoner was very officious unloading the porter with the chest; the chest was placed in the tap-room; the prisoner helped the porter to carry it in; I kept the bag in my hand; 
               
                  John 
                  Carter
               



            , whom I took to be the landlord, was in the bar with a woman;I desired him to take care of my chest; the prisoner came along-side me, and said, take care not to let any body have the chest but me or him; I said, what do you mean by that, the chest does not belong to you, and I said to Carter, take care of the chest, what is in it belongs to me, it was all my property, and if he lost it I would make him he answerable for it; I said I hoped the chest would be safe; the prisoner said, if there was gold in it it would be safe; I had got the bag in my hand at the bar; I kept it in my hand; my wife tied her pattens round it as a token; it was our bag, and it was put in the store-room; I went into the parlour, and had some porter; I put my coat under my head, and fell asleep; my wife waked me, and recommended me to have some tea to refresh me.
Q.When did you see the chest again? - A. About an hour after I awoke; there was a card with a direction nailed on the side, that was torn off; it was directed, John Smith, to be left till called for.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You came to town on the 24th? - A. Yes.
Q. The chest was marked that you could know it again? - A. Yes.
Q. You know nothing about the prisoner, he was a stranger to you? - A. Yes; he was very officious.
Q.Because he assisted you, you call him officious? - A. He was very officious.
Q. All the things that were in the box when it was brought to the Queen's Head, Darkhouse-lane, are in it now? - A. Yes.
Q. Then your box is safe? - A. Yes.
Q. Is the master of the Dark-house here? - A. Yes.
Q. He was not up I suppose? - A. No, I believe not; I did not see him.
Q. You did not say you wanted to go to Deptford? - A. No; I said I wanted to go to the Borough.
Q. Did not the prisoner say he had a boat, and could carry you across the River? - A. No, he did not.
Q. Was not the chest taken to a Custom-house officer? - A.Not that I know of.
Q.Did not you see a watch-box at the bottom of the stairs? - A. I heard there was a box left in the care of the watchman at Temple-stairs.
Q.You don't know that the box was left with the watchman to be examined? - A. Only what I heard.
THOMAS WRIGHT sworn. - I am in the Company's service; I am employed occasionally as a porter to carry any thing at Mr. Hoddy's, the Queen's Head, in Darkhouse-lane; I was there between three and four in the morning of the 25th of January; I saw Climer there; he employed me to carry a chest to a boat; when I had got the chest he ordered me to carry the chest to Temple-stairs; he told me it was his own property, and that he was going to Deptford; he went with me to Temple-stairs; when we came there, there was no boat; there was a King's watchman.
Q.Where is Temple-stairs? - A. The next plying-place below Billingsgate, between the Custom-house and Billingsgate; I set down the chest on some casks standing on end; we left it in the charge of the watchman till called for; he said a Captain was coming down with some more things in a boat, and then I should be paid for it; he told me not to make any charge to the gentleman, but leave it to his generosity, and he supposed it would be 2 or 3s. or more, in my way; Climer and I returned to the Queen's Head; Carter came down, and enquired who had taken the chest; I told him I had; he said, I think you have taken a wrong chest; he said, go down with the man, and see whether he has got a key that fits the chest; Climer went down with me to Temple-stairs, and pulled out something he pretended was the key, and applied it to the keyhole; being satisfied I came back with Climer; I had no suspicion of him; the chest was lashed as it is now; coming back he parted with me before we got to the Queen's Head.
Q. Did you see him go? - A. No, I missed him suddenly coming towards Billingsgate; I went to the Queen's Head, and Carter told me to go with another man, and bring back the chest, which I did; between six and seven I saw the prisoner at the Dark-house, (that is another house) in the custody of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Stevenson
               



            .
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You came to the Dark-house, and found the man in custody?- A. Yes.
Q. He applied to you to do what you thought an honest act? - A. Yes.
Q. What time was it that he first applied to you? - A. Between three and four o'clock.
Q. What time did the tide come in? - A. It was about high water then.
Q. The box could not be disposed of without taking a boat? - A. No.
Q. It often happens that mistakes arise from the number of boxes at these houses? - A. No doubt of it.
THOMAS STEVENSON sworn. - I am a constable; the chest was delivered to me at the Queen's Head by John Carter on the 25th of January; I have had it ever since.
Smith. That box which was delivered to Stevenson is mine, and every thing in it; this is the chest I took to the Queen's Head; it contains a stock bed, two blankets, four pair of stockings, a feather pillow, eight or ten books, three razors, a strop, and a fan.

GEORGE HODDY sworn. - I keep the Queen's Head; 
               
                  John 
                  Carter
               



             was my servant; he is since dead; I never saw Climer before that morning to my knowledge.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Very often watermen come and apply at your house? - A. Not at that time in the morning.
Q.You did not see the prisoner? - A. I was not up.
Prisoner's defence. I was employed by a man to carry this chest to Deptford; I told him I should not go till day-light; there were thirty or forty men in the tap-room; I agreed with him for 5s. he asked me to get a porter, which I did till morning, and then they took me into custody.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character. GUILTY.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
