





473. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     TAYLOR
                  



               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of November
, privily from the person of Mary, the wife
 of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Monk
                        



                     
                  , a pocket-book, value 6 d. a half-guinea, two seven-shilling pieces, a sixpence, and a Bank-note, value 1 l. the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Monk
                     



.


                     MARY 
                     MONK
                  



               
             sworn. - Q. Are you a married woman? - A. Yes; my husband's name is 
               
                  William 
                  Monk
               



            ; he is at sea; he is a weaver
 by trade: On the 28th of November last, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was in the High-street, Shoreditch


; Taylor stopped me.
Q. Did you know her before? - A. Never; she told me my petticoat was hanging down; she asked me if she should pin it up for me; I told her, it would do very well while I got home; I had my child in my arms and a bundle in my hand; she insisted upon pinning my petticoat up; I said, hold my bundle while I change the child into my other arm; when I had got my child on my arm I looked round, and saw her hand was in my pocket-hole; I put my own hand down to feel in my pocket, she pushed my hand away; I put my hand down again into my pocket, and I missed my pocket-book directly; I told her she had got my pocket-book; she said, she had not; she pulled several other pocket-books and tobacco pouches out of her pocket to satisfy me that she had not got mine; she said, that she had not got mine about her; I asked her where she lived; she told me, she lived at No. 1, Cock-alley; I went up there after her to No. 1, and there was no such person lived there.
Q. She went away and left you did she? - A. Yes, she went up the alley and I went after her, but there was no such a person lived there.
Q. What name did she go by then? - A. Taylor; she did not tell me any name at all.
Q. Did you ever see your pocket-book again? - A. No, nor my money; I had my pocket-book in my pocket that very minute; I saw her hand in my pocket, she pushed my hand away, and said, she was not going to take any thing away from me.
Prisoner. At that time I was in St. Clement's workhouse; Mr. Alcock let me out and let me in again; I had only been out to buy a pennyworth of tea.
- GEARY sworn. - I am an officer belonging to the parish of St. Luke's; I heard the prisoner confess at the Office, that she had been along with Mrs. Monk on that day; she acknowledged that Mrs. Monk had accused her on that day, but that she had not taken her money.
Prisoner's defence. I am not guilty of either; my father came up and asked Mr. Latham if I had been out; he said, somebody had enquired about me; Mr. Alcock said, I had not been out above five minutes; Mrs. Monk said, she would come up to me; and the next day my father met her in the street, she said then, she would not mind it.
Q. Where is your father? - A. My mother is here.
Q. (To Mrs. Taylor.) Are you the mother of this prisoner? - A. I am.
Q. Why is not her father here? - A. I left him at home at work; we live at No. 1, New-court, Quaker-street, Spitalfields.
Q. Have you, or any of your family been in the workhouse lately? - A. No; I have four childeren; I have got none in the parish.
Q. Do you know Mr. Alcock? - A. Yes.
Q. Is he here? - A. I do not know.
Q. Have you ever sent any of the children to the workhouse? - A. That big girl, she is fourteen, she was in the workhouse last November.
Q. How could you send a big girl like that to the workhouse, she is able to get her bread - what business is your husband? - A. A Shoemaker; her father has learnt her to close shoes lately.
Q. Do you know when Mrs. Monk was robbed? - A. A woman came up to my house about six weeks before Christmas, she asked me if my girl was at home.
Q. (To the prosecutrix.) Did you ever see this woman before? - A. Yes, on the 28th of November I went up to her house, I found it out that night after I had been to Cock-alley, I went to see the girl, I wanted to know whether she was the same girl or no, but she was not there.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not privily from her person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
