






707. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     MUNDAY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HUNT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of August
, two pieces of Irish linen, value 7l.
             the property of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Cosington
               



            .
Second Count. Laying it to be the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wyatt
               



            .


                  ELEANOR 
                  WYATT
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of Thomas Wyatt, a soldier
; I worked for Mrs. Cosington, who keeps a linen-draper's shop, in Knightsbridge


: On the 15th of August, between three and four in the afternoon, the prisoner Munday came into the shop, and ordered a piece of cloth, of seven or eight shillings a yard, to be sent to Mrs. Godwin's, a brandy-merchant, at Knights-bridge, for her to look at; Mrs. Cosington told him the had none above four shillings; he said she had better send two pieces of cloth for Mrs. Godwin to look at, one at four shillings, and the other at three shillings and six-pence, or three shillingsand three-pence; I went with him and the two pieces of cloth, and when we had got just beyond the Barracks, we met a gentleman in black; the prisoner then said, here comes young Mr. Godwin himself, that was the prisoner Hum; I looked very earnest at him to know him again; he said, well, you have brought the cloth; Munday said, yes, I have; Hunt said, go and shew it my mother, and let the woman step back and fetch some cambric; he said his mother was going out of town, and wanted some cambric to look at, as well as the cloth; I was to make haste back, and something checked me as I was going along, sure I had not given it to a thief; I turned round to watch whether they went to Mrs. Godwin's with it; I saw them go into Mr. Godwin's passage, and run out immediately with the cloth; I called out, stop thief immediately; and Munday was so closely pursued, that he threw the cloth away, and I picked it up; he was taken and brought back to the shop, I am sure he is the same man, though he is very much disguised; he got a cut upon his eye with being taken; Hunt got away; (produces the cloth); this is the cloth that was delivered to me, and that I delivered to Munday.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. (Counsel for Hunt.) Q. The person you suppose to be Hunt, was dressed in black at that time? - A. Yes; but I took particular notice of him.
Q. And you did not see him again for a fortnight afterwards? - A.No; he was taken up by the description I gave of him at the Office; they knew him from my description.
Court. Q.What is Mr. Cosington's name? - A.Richard.
WILLIAM TAYLOR sworn. - I am a stonemason's labourer: On the 15th of August I was at work in Grosvenor-place; I heard the cry of stop thief; I saw the prisoner, Munday, running down from St. George's Hospital, with about forty or fifty people after him; he turned down the first turning to the back of a mews; I immediately went round Chapel-street to meet him, where he could not escape; the people were pursuing him, and he had this knife in his hand open, (produces it); I ran up to him, and took hold of him by the collar; he made a blow at me with the knife three times, and the fourth time he cut my sleeve; he told me he would run me through if I laid hold of him; the mob surrounded him, and he could not get away without getting over a wall; he got upon the wall, and then he was secured; he had a blue coat on, coloured waistcoat, nankeen pantaloons, and white stockings.(Another person was called, who corroborated the evidence of the last witness.)
WILLIAM JACKSON sworn. - Mrs. Wyatt gave me a description of Hunt on the 17th of August; she said she was sure she should know him again: we were after him till the 27th, and then we took him in Feathers-court, Holborn, from her description.
HENRY LOVETT sworn. - I was with Jackson; I know no more than he has related.
Munday's defence. I know no nothing of the man that stands by my side; a gentleman told me to go and order some linen to be sent to Mr. Godwin's, and I should be rewarded; I did so, and just before I got to Mr. Godwin's, the gentleman met us, and sent the woman back for some cambric; I went to Mr. Godwin's with the linen, and when we had got within the door, the gentleman said we had got to the wrong house; I immediately, upon coming out, heard a cry of stop thief; he ran away, and I was taken.
The prisoner, Hunt, left his defence to his Counsel, and called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Munday, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 27.
Hunt, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
