





210. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DUNN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Wright
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Michael-Memory 
                           Wright
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of eight in the night of the 16th of February
, with intent the goods therein being to steal, and burglariously stealing thirty musket locks, value 10l. the property of our Sovereign Lord 
                     
the King



.
Second Court. Laying them to be the property of he said 
               
                  Robert 
                  Wright
               



             and 
               Michael-Memory Wright
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)

MICHAEL-MEMORY WRIGHT
             sworn. - I am in partnership with Robert Wright, No. 50, Prescott-street, Goodman's-fields


, I am a gun-maker

; we had a warehouse at the back of our house which communicates with the house, by a wall continuing on to the warehouse, which is about twenty yards from the house, and behind the warehouse is the Tenter-ground: On Sunday evening last, about eight o'clock, the warehouse was broke open; I had been close to the warehouse about a quarter of an hour before, it was secure and safe then; I received information that the warehouse had been broke open; I immediately want to the warehouse, and the observed the small partition, which was to give light, that ships backwards and forwards, taken out.
Q. Was that place large enough for any body to get in? - A. Yes, I could have got in myself; there was no other place open, they could not have got in by any other means; I missed a small parcel of musket locks, that were put by themselves, about thirty; they were worth about ten pounds; three of them were immediately presented to me by Crofts, which were of the same description with the thirty, they had the government mark upon them; I have no doubt but they were a part of those that had been in the warehouse; the prisoner was secured at my back door, in the custody of Crofts and Robertson; I took the prisoner and the; locks to Lambeth-street; the officers have had the locks ever since; I went round the ground with Crofts, and another gentleman, and there was not another person about the ground, it is entirely private property.


                  JANE 
                  NAIRNE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I keep the gate of the Tenter-ground; last Sunday evening, about a quarter before eight, I saw the prisoner at the bar and another man; the prisoner was dressed in soldier's clothes, and the other was not; I asked them where they were going, they said they were going to Mr. Wright's shop; about a quarter of an hour afterwards, the man that was with the prisoner, had slipped out at the gate, and a groom that came out, said, the man that was gone out had been a robbing, and said there was another in the ground, a soldier; I then shut the gate, there was assistance called, and the prisoner was apprehended.


                  JAMES 
                  CROFTS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a gentleman's groom; I was going into the stable, in the Tenter-grounds, about eight o'clock in the evening, and going along the ground, I saw a man get out of Mr. Wright's shop, in red clothes, and another man had some musket locks under his arm, in a bag; one of the locks dropped from the bag, I picked it up; I went a little further, and picked up two more, which I afterwards gave to Mr. Wright; I picked them up close by where the men came out at the window; I went to the woman, and told her to lock the gate, and I went and got assistance; I got Mr. Robertson, and we took the prisoner in the ground, in soldier's clothes, it was the same man that I saw get out of Mr. Wright's shop, he said he had been with another man to see his friend; we asked him where he was, and he said he did not know, he had lost him; we asked him his name, and he did not know; then we took him to the hele where Isaw him get out, and we informed Mr. Wright of it, and he was delivered to the officer.
Court. Q. Is this Tenter-ground a common road? - A. No, it is not.
Q. How high is this from the ground? - A. About a yard.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Had you any light with you? - A. Yes, I had a large glass lantern; the warehouse joins to the house, by a brick wall.
Q.Does that take it out of the Tenter-ground? - A. Yes.


                  DAVID 
                  ROBERTSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I was called to the assistance of the last witness; I apprehended the prisoner; seeing a man in the Tenter-ground, in soldier's clothes, I thought he had no business there, and I took him,(produces a quantity of musket locks;) I found these locks the next day scattered about the Tenter-ground.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am an officer belonging to Lambeth-street; Mr. Wright, in company with this young man, brought the prisoner to me, and delivered me these three locks; they have been in my custody ever since; sometime after I had him in custody, I asked him how he came into the Tenter-ground; he told me he was going home to his quarters, in Blue Anchor-court, and met a young man that asked him to take a walk into the Tenter-ground; he said he asked him what he was going there for, and he said he was going to Mr. Wright's.
Mr. Wright. These are the same description of locks that were in my warehouse; I cannot have a doubt of their being mine, they are ordnance stores delivered to us from the Board of Ordnance.
Prisoner's defence. I have nothing to say.
GUILTY




               Of stealing the goods, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
