






368. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MULLINS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     RASBERRY
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of May
, a watch, value 30 s. a watch chain, value 6 d. a watch key, value 1 d. and a seal, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Clark
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  CLARK
               



             sworn. I am a hair dresser
, I live at No. 2, Butcherhall lane, Newgate street. On the 26th of May at half past one in the morning (I was returning from Hammersmith), as I crossed Fleet market


 to Ludgate hill, I saw Rasberry and Mullins walking together; as soon as Rasberry came near me, she either put her arms round me or forced my hands back, which I cannot say; I lost my watch just at the instant, I directly said youhave got my watch; Mullins ran away down Fleet market; Rasberry says, Polly, I'll be d - d if I will be served so; I called the watchman, he came over, and another came up directly, and asked who it was that run away, Rasberry called out Pretty Polly, the watchman knew who Pretty Polly was, he ran after her down Fleet market.
Q. Are you sure that 
               
                  Mary 
                  Mullins
               



             was the person that run away. - A. I could not swear to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Mullins
               



            , but Rasberry I laid hold of; she said the other had taken the watch; I said I be d - d if I care, you stopped me for the purpose, I will keep hold of you.
Q. While your arms was so pinioned by Rasberry, did the other run away with the watch. - A. Yes.
Q. Did you ever find the watch. - A. No.
Rasberry's Defence. As I was coming along with this young woman, we met this gentleman; I catched hold of him and she catched hold of him, she ran away, and his property I never saw.
Mullins' Defence. I never saw the gentleman.
RASBERRY - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
MULLINS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
