





158. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BRUCE
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Daniel 
                        Willis
                     




                  , he and others being threrein, between the hours of eleven and twelve, in the forenoon of the 4th of December
, and burglariously stealing six handkerchiefs, value 9s.
             the property of the said Davil.


                  DANIEL 
                  WILLIS
               



             sworn. - I am a linen-draper
, on Fish-street-hill


: On the 4th of December last, the prisoner was brought into my shop, with the handkerchiefs, by an officer, myself and family were at home at the time; the window was broke, but I heard no noise, I had not seen it since eight o'clock in the morning, the handkerchiefs lay close to the pane of glass, which had a piece broke out of the corner; the value is nine shillings.


                  GEORGE 
                  LINSEY
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: On the 4th of December, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I was coming up Fish-street-hill, and saw a person holding the prisoner by the collar; I asked what was the matter; he said the prisoner had taken the handkerchiefs out of the window, pointing to Mr. Willis's; I saw the prisoner's left hand under his coat, I pulled it up, and he dropped behind him this piece of handkercheiefs, (producing it); I took the prisoner and handkerchefs into Mr. Willis's shop, who owned them. I searched the prisoner, but found nothing; while I was searching him, the person who had hold of him went away, and I saw no more of him. (The handkerchiefs identified).
Prisoner's defence. I had just left my ship, and coming up this street, a man said I had something belonging to the shop, and another man run away at the time; I know nothing of the robbery.
GUILTY, aged 29.
Of 


               stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
