





402. 
               
                  
                     RALPH 
                     CLOWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of February
, two pint glass decanters, value 15s. and a china tea pot stand, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Josiah 
                     Spode
                  




               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  SPODE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. My father keeps a Staffordshire warehouse, and deals in glass
, in Portugal-street


; my father has no partner; the prisoner at the bar was employed as a packer
 in the house: On the 28th of February, I called all the men to go to dinner at one o'clock; when they had got off the premises, I called the prisoner and several others back; I took them up stairs into the accompting-house, and had them all searched in my presence; on the person of the prisoner at the bar we found the two decanters, stated in the indictment, in his breeches; he was then asked, with the others, whether they would have any objection to have their lodgings searched; the prisoner and they made no objection; the prisoner's box was brought to the accompting-house, and the tea-pot stand was found in his box, there is not a doubt of its being our manufactory; we asked him whether he had taken any thing previous to that; he said, it was the first time; there was no promise made him, that is all I know about it; he had lived with us nearly a twelvemonth.
- POTTER sworn. - I am clerk to the prosecutor: The officer went to the prisoner's lodging with our cashier; I have got the two decanters, which I found upon his person, and the tea-pot stand, which I found in his box; I cannot say they are Mr. Spode's property, though it is our manufactory; he said, he had found it among the straw; he did not say he found it in the packingroom particularly.


                  HENRY 
                  GRIFFITH
               



             sworn - I only know there were a few of that pattern brought into Mr. Spode's warehouse that we had bought at a sale.
Prisoner's defence. I have served the king and country five years during this war. In the habit of packing, we very often break things, and in order to save disputes with our master, we take these things to replace what we have broke.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
