





321. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of March
, a watch, value 5l. another watch, value 30s. a gold key; value 5s. a metal watch-chain, value 2d. two gold seals, value 21s. two gold lockets, value 30s. three china dishes, value 5s. a tea-chest, value 10s. a china tureen, value 12s. a pair of breeches, value 10s. eight silver table-spoons, value 4l. 11s. a silver gravy-spoon, value 30s. fifteen silver tea-spoons, value 35s. and a pair of silver tea-tongs, value 12s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Sanders
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SANDERS
               



             sworn. - I live in the London-road, St. George's-fields


; I keep a fruit-shop
; I left the prisoner a furnished room in my house in October last; he lodged with me about six weeks; he told me he was a cabinet-maker; he went away without my knowing it; he left my house on Thursday the 25th of November; the next morning after he was gone my wife missed a watch, the outside case gold, and the inside silver gilt, from my bed-room; it laid on the fire-place; it was a watch belonging to my wife. The other watch was lying near it, in a tortoishell case, and metal inside case; I had broke the glass two or three days before. My wife informed me the had missed the watches, I examined his room, and found duplicates of two table-spoons and two tea-spoons, we had lent them him a few days before; the other things were left to him with the lodgings. In my bed-room I found a trunk broke open.
Q. What things were found in the county of Middlesex? - A. The watches: On the 31st of March I saw the watches before the Magistrate, the gravy-spoon, thirteen tea-spoons, and the teatongs. On the 24th of March I met the prisoner in Nightingale-lane; I said, what, Davis, howare you, how came you to leave me so? he said, he did not know; I asked him if he would take any thing to drink; we went to a public-house, and had a glass of gin a piece, and then I sent for an officer from Lambeth-street; Mr. Griffiths came, and took him; he found some duplicates upon him, which led to the property.


                  ESTHER 
                  SANDERS
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of the last witness; the prisoner went away on Thursday the 25th of November, and on the Friday morning I missed the watches; I afterwards missed the spoons and other articles.


                  CHARLES 
                  WILLIAMS
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Sowerby, a pawnbroker, the corner of Cable-street, (produces a pair of tongs, and a caddy spoon, a gravy-spoon, a metal watch, thirteen teaspoons, and six table-spoons); I took all these in pledge on the 25th of November, in the afternoon, from the prisoner, Thomas Davis; I knew him before; I am sure he is the man; his mother is a very creditable person, and has pledged articles at our shop; I had not the least suspicion of the prisoner; I lent him 6l. 5s. on them.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAMS
               



             sworn - I am a pawnbroker, in Cable-street, (produces a watch, outside case gold, and inside case silver gilt); I took it in of the prisoner on the 25th of November; it has a chain, two gold seals, and two gold lockets attached to it.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: On the 24th of March, about half past one, I was sent for to the Black Horse in Nightingale-lane, where I found the prisoner sitting with the prosecutor in a box in the tap-room; I took the prisoner backwards into a club-room, and asked him what he had done with the property he had taken from that person; he said, he had pledged them, and had the duplicates about him; he unbuttoned the waistband of his breeches, took out a pin, and pulled out these duplicates. - (Produces them)(The various articles were identified by Mr. and Mrs. Sanders.)
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 28,
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
