





336. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BARTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Crouchman
                     



                  , no person being therein, about the hour of three in the afternoon, of the 13th of April
, and stealing a silk cloak, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        Margaret 
                        May
                     



                  ; a silk cloak, value 2s. three petticoats, value 1s. 6d. a night gown, value 1s. 6d. and a bed quilt, value 1s. 6d.
             the property of the said Richard.
ANN CROUCHMAN sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Crouchman
               



            ; I live in the first house in Essex-street, Whitechapel


; I have a room there; it is Mr. Welsted's house; he does not live in the house, he lives next door; I had lodged there about twelve months; my husband is at sea: On the 13th of April, I went out about ten minutes before three o'clock in the afternoon; I went out leaving no one in the room; I have a child, but I took that with me; I locked the room-door, and put the key in my pocket; I am sure it was locked; I only went to the next house, and was absent hardly ten minutes; I heard an alarm that my place was being robbed; I directly ran into my own passage, and saw the prisoner with my petticoats in his hand.
Q. Where was he? - A. On the bottom stair of the stairs leading from my room; as soon as he saw me, he dropped them; I told him to go up stairs, and let somebody search him; there was a great mob round the door; after a great deal of persuasion, he went up.
Q. What became of the petticoats that he dropped? - A. I made him pick them up; I found the room-door unlocked, and the padlock taken off; I went into the room with him, and desired him to let me call some man or other to search him; he would not have any body to search him; he pulled a bed-gown from under his coat, and said, now you have got your property, let me go; I told him, I would send for an officer if he would not let somebody or other search him; I called out at the window, and somebody fetched an officer, Mr. Trott; the prisoner was not searched till he got to the office; Mr. Trott took fourteen keys out of his pocket, and Mr. Osman took a cloak and a key out of his other pocket; then Mr. Osman took a black silk cloak and a black silk petticoat out of his hat; one of the cloaks belonged to my sister; she had lent it me; her name is Margaret May.
JONATHAN TROTT sworn. - I am an officer: On Wednesday, the 13th instant, about three o'clock in the afternoon. I was sent for; the office is about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutrix's; I went up into Mrs. Crouchman's room, and saw the prisoner; I knew him; I asked him what he had been about; he said, he had done nothing; I found two petticoats, a bed-quilt, and a night-gown, lying close by him; I took him to the office; I met one of my brother-officers, Osman, he walked behind, endeavouring to keep the people back; the prisoner said, cannot you try and compromise this matter for me? I told him, I could not, he must go to the office; he seemed very uneasy, and shuffled his left-hand about; Osman laid hold of his hand, and he immediately pulled out a silk cloak; at the office we found in his hat a silk cloak and a silk petticoat; I searched him in the office-yard, and found some keys in his right-hand coatpocket, I cannot exactly say how many there were; I found some others in his right-hand coatpocket, I cannot exactly say how many there were; I found some others in his right-hand breeches-pocket, I believe altogether thirteen or fourteen; there are two of them that will open Mrs. Crouchman's padlock.( - Osman, another officer, produced the keys and the property found upon the prisoner, which was identified by Mrs. Crouchman.)
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating, that he went to the house of the prosecutrix to enquire for 
               
                  Mary 
                  Scott
               



            , who had lived there two years ago, and washed for him, and that he found the property in the passage; that he was an armourer on-board an East-Indiaman, and had purchased the keys for the use of the ship.
GUILTY, aged 39.
Of 


               stealing goods, value 4s. 10d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
