






539. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  RONALDSON
               



             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HILLIER
                  




               
             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of April

, three gallons of oil of turpentine, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Shuttleworth
               



            , and the other for 


               receiving the same, knowing it to have been stolen
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  JOHN 
                  SHUTTLEWORTH
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a manufacturer of oil of turentine
; Ronaldson was my distiller
; I have, during the time he has been with me, missed a greatquantity of oil of turpentine, to the amount of nearly half a ten; in consequence of suspicion I took him upon a charge of robbing me.

Q. Was you present before the Magistrate when he gave the account that was taken in writing? - A. I was.
Q. Did you give him any reason to induce in him a hope of favour? - A. I did not.
Q. Did you ever permit him to take oil as perquisites? - A. No.


                  RUPERT 
                  CLARKE
               



            , Esq; sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys Q. Look at that, was it taken before you? - A.It was.
Q.Did the prisoner sign it? - A. Yes.
Q. Was there any promise held out to induce him to make that confession, or any threat? - A. Not any, it was free and voluntary. (The confession read.)
Q. King was the only person you suspected to be a receiver? - A. Yes.
Q.Sevier was not known to you, but from the information of Ronaldson? - A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SEVIER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys Q. When did you first become acquainted with a person of the name of Ronaldson? - A About ten or eleven months ago; I am servant to Mr. Baker, a plumber, painter, and glazier, at Rotherhithe; about ten months ago, Ronaldson came to me, we went to a public-house to have some beer; he said, where he was, he got but sixteen shillings a week, but his master allowed him a little perquisite in damaged spirits of turpentine; he asked me to fell it for him, I told him I did not like to have any thing to do with it, I was afraid it was not come honestly by; he told me I need not be afraid, it was safe enough; I told him afterwards I would.
Q. When did you first see Hillier? - A. Just after Mr. Carruthers's business, I went to Mr. Hillier, and told him, I was going to dispose of it to another person, I did not tell him who that person was, nor he did not ask; he asked how much we had got, I told him, I did not rightly know; I told him, I thought there were tow gallons; he asked me the price, I told him four shillings; he said, that was too much money; he told me, that a very little while ago, he bought a carboy that he gave half-a-crown for; I told him he could not have it at that, it was too little, upon which he agreed to give me three shillings and sixpence, and Ronaldson desired me to take it; I took it in a stone bottle that held three gallons; he asked me if I was sure it held three gallons, and I told him I was sure of that.
Q. Was he content with your assurance, without measuring it? - A. Yes; and he neither asked, not I did not tell him how I came by it.
Q. Did you not tell him, when you went to him, that you had got some spirits of turpentine left from a ship's job? - A. No.
Q. That you swear? - A. Yes.
That you did not represent to him? - A. No.
Q. Did you tell him you had come honestly by it? - A. No; I told him it did not belong to me.
Q. Did you tell him you had stole it? - A. NO.
Q. Where do you come from here? - A.From Shadwell office.
Q. You was taken up for stealing it? - A. No; I was taken up for selling it.
Q. And you was kept in custody? - A. Yes.
Q. I dare say, you mentioned it openly among your acquaintance? - A. No, I did not.
Q. You kept it a secret? - A. Yes.
Q. Thinking it an honest transaction, you talked of it of course over your pot of beer at the alehouse? - A. I did not tell every one of it.
Q. Did you tell any human creature till after you was taken up? - A. I said, I received it from Ronaldson.
Q. Upon being taken up, you began to be afraid you should be transported or hanged? - A. No.
Q. You had no fear at all of being punished yourself? - A. No, I did not know but I was acting right.
Court. Q. You yourself are a painter? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you ever buy any yourself? - A. No.
Q. Did you ever know your mistress buy any? - A. Yes, she sent for it when she wanted.
Q. Did Ronaldson tell you how much you were to have? - A. There was no bargain made.
Q. If you were to have a certain part of it, it would have been an inducement to you to have sold it for as much as you could get? - A. Yes.
Q. How much did he give you of this half-guinea? - A.Three and sixpence; sometimes I did not have any.
Q. Was it not understood between you, that you were to have one-third of what you could sell this turpentine for? - A. No, it was not.
Q.What did you get for that you sold to Carruthers? - A. He did not pay us all at once.
Q.Had you not, for disposing of this turnpentine, one third of the rate at which you sold it? - A. No; sometimes I had half-a-crown, sometimes five shillings, and sometimes less.


                  ANN 
                  RUMSLEY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am mother-in-law to Ronaldson.
Q. You have seen sevier? - A. yes, he was acquainted with Ronaldson; he used to come to the house, and go into the garden together.


                  ANN 
                  CULLEN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Sevies lodged at my house; Ronaldson and he were acquainted, he used to call upon him at our house; he generally came in the evening, and brought something with him, either a stone bottle, or a small bottle in a slask.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr.Knowlys. I am an officer; I went with a search-warrant to the house of Hillier; Sevier shewed me the house; I went to the shop, and Mr. Hillier was not withim; I sent Elby, the other officer, and Sevier out, and in the course of a few minutes, they came back; I told Mr. Hillier I was come for some oil of Turpentine, which he had bought of Sevier; he said, he had not bought any of him; I told him he had, at four shillings a gallon; then he said, he had bought of him; he then acknowledged that he had bought of him twice; Sevier pointed to the carboy just within the door; Hillier said, it was there, and likewise some that he had bought from one Mr. Hill; I then secured him and took him to the office; Mr. Hillery took a sample.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. It was almost immediately after that, he recollected himself, and said, yes, he had? - A. It was in the course of a minute or two.


                  GEORGE 
                  HILLERY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am clerk to Mr. Shuttleworth, the prosecutor; I took a sample of the oil of turpentine, found at Hillier's, (produces it;) it is very good turpentine.
Mr. Shuttleworth. This is very good turpentine.


                  JOHN 
                  CRUCHFIELD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I believe you deal largely in the article of turpentine, and live on Holborn-hill? - A. Yes.
Q. Look at that oil of turpentine? - A. It certainly appears to be good.
Q. In February and March, or April, what was the price of oil of turpentine? - A. It rose in January to seven shillings, or seven and sixpence; in February, it stood about the same price, till March, and then it rose again to eight and sixpence or nine shillings; in April it sell again.
Q. Could it have been bought for three shillings and sixpence? - A. Not since January; I never sold it for less than six shillings.
Court. Q. Is there any difference between oil of turpentine, and spirits of turpentine? - A. No; it is sometimes called one, and sometimes the other.
The prisoners left their defence to their Counsel.
For the Prisoner Hillier.


                  JAMES 
                  CROSSLEY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am book-keeper to the prisoner Hillier.
Q. Do you know the witness Sevier? - A. Yes, by sight; I saw him at my master's house three or four months ago; I saw him one evening, my master was leaning upon the painting bench, he said, how do you do, Mr. Hillier; I have a little turpentine, will you buy it? Mr. Hillier said, how did you come by it, did you get it honestly and fairly? Sevier said, yes, he did; Mr. Hillier asked him if it was good, yes, says he, pretty good; then says Mr. Hillier, bring it, that is all I know of it; he said, he and another had it left from a job.
Q. Did he say what job it was? - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q.Your master is a painter, is not he? - A. Yes.
Q. When he sends out his journeymen, what quantity of turpentine does he send out? - A. I am only at Hillier's a little now and then, writing at over hours, as I can spare an hour or two.
Q. Can you tell us what price they bargained for? - A. No.
Q. Did not he say what price will you give? - A. Not in my hearing.
Q. Did you leave them there? - A. No.
Q.Therefore there was no talk about price or quantity? - A. No; only Mr. Hillier asked if it was good.
Q. You don't know whether Hillier ever bought any of him, or not? - A. No.
The prisoner called fifteen other witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Ronaldon, 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Hillier, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
