






768. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of October

, five bottles, value 10d. three quarts of oil, value 9s. and two pints of sauce, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander-Sinclair 
                     Gordon
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Walter 
                     Emmett
                  



               
            ; and the other for



               receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .(The case stated by Mr. Bolland.)
 - COLLIER sworn - I am a brush-maker, in Hughes's-buildings, Kent-road: On the 5th of October, I was looking for Edwards on Londonbridge, about a quarter before seven in the morning; I don't know what he is; I saw him with an empty basket, and I followed him to the King's-head, in King's-head-court, Fish-street-hill, where Jones soon after went in, with the neck of a bottle out of one pocket sealed with red wax; he came out again presently, and Edwards came out with the basket apparently full; Jones's pockets seemed empty; Mr. Emmett and I followed Edwards to the bridge, and stopped him; Mr. Emmett took the basket from him, and gave it to me, with three bottles of oil in it, and took one bottle out of his right hand coat pocket, and I took a pint bottle out of the left; they were marked Gordon and Emmett, Harvey's Sauce, and red wax; Edwards said, they were not Mr. Emmett's property; before the Lord-Mayor he said he bought them of a mate of ship, and gave fifteen shillings for them, near Billingsgate; Jones at first denied it, but the second day he owned he took it from his master, and gave it to Edwards, at the King's-head, in King's-headcourt.


                  WALTER 
                  EMMETT
               



             sworn. - My partner's name is Alexander-
               
                  Sinclair 
                  Gordon
               



            : On the 5th of October, in consequence of information, I hid myself in a house opposite, which had a view of our warehouse and down the court; I saw the prisoner, Jones, ring at the warehouse-bell about ten minutes before seven, in a great coat, with the pockets flat to his side; he went in, and remained three or four minutes in the warehouse; he came our, his pockets sticking out, and went into the court, took down three shutters, and went into the King's-head, where he remained a short time, and came out and finished opening the warehouse; he was in about a minute, when Collier informed me Edwards was gone over the bridge; we followed him, and took him with the property. (The bottles produced.) I missed some oil; Jones was our porter, and had no power to sell any articles; the sauce is made for exportation; we don't sell retail, only wholesale.
Jones's defence. My confessing was by the promise of the constable that I should be liberated.
Edwards's defence. As I was at Billingsgate, I met with the mate of a ship, who asked me if I would buy those bottles of oil and sauce for a guinea; I offered fifteen shillings, and he took it.
Jones, 


               GUILTY
            , aged 43.





               Confined three months in Newgate
            , and 



               fined 6d
            .
Edwards, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
The prisoner, Jones, was recommended to mercy by the Jury and prosecutors.
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
