





475. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SEAMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Alice 
                           Elstop
                        



                     
                  , one 
                     
                        James 
                        Price
                     



                   being therein, about the hour of five in the forenoon, on the 7th day of August
, and stealing two great coats, value 5 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Dowager

Lady
 
                           Hawke
                        



.


                  JAMES 
                  FAULKENER
               



             sworn. I live servant with Dowager Lady Hawke, her name is Elizabeth, Iam coachman. On the 7th of August last, at half past five o'clock I went to the coachhouse, I found it broke open.
Q. Was it locked the night before when you left it. - A. Yes, there was a padlock on the outside of the door, the padlock was wrenched off; I missed my fellow servant's coat and likewise my own, I left them the night before on the box.
Q. Where was this coachhouse of lady Hawke's. A. In Montague mews


, at the back of lady Hawke's house; it has no communication with her house, you cannot go to the stable or coach house only by going round to the mews.
Q. Who is 
               
                  Alice 
                  Elstop
               



            . - A. The woman that owns the building, she lives in the buildings, the the rooms have no communication with the coach-house; a man sleeps over the coachhouse.
Q. Did you see the great coats again. - A. Yes, the same morning I missed it I saw it in the watchman's possession.


                  CHARLES 
                  WISE
               



             sworn. I am a watchman, my beat is at Gloucester place.
Q. Do you know any thing of the prisoner. - A. I never saw him in my life before I took him. On the 7th of August, at half past four in the morning, I met him at the bottom of the mews at the back of Gloucester place; he says to me when I met him, watchman I have overslept myself, I am an hour beyond my time, I am afraid I shall be too late; I turned round, and saw he had got a box coat under his arm, I thought he did not look like a coachman, I followed him into Portland street, Berkley square, there he went down a little mews; I laid wait for him, I knew he must come back again; he came out of the mews with a footman's coat on, he had changed his coat, I did not see him do it; when he went in first he had his own coat on, when he returned his own coat was wrapped up with the box coat under his arm, I followed him into Portman square, and there I took him into custody; I said to him, my friend, where did you get these coats, he said they are my own, says I, I do not doubt but they are your own, but where did you get them; O lord, says he, watchman I will go back to the place where I got them from, I would not let him go back; he then said he took the coats out of a coachhouse in the mews, where he spoke to me.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.
(The coats produced and identified by 
               
                  James 
                  Faulkener
               



            .)




               GUILTY
            , aged 33.
Of stealing only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
