





712. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of October
, a silver watch, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Sewell
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
JAMES SEWELL sworn. - I live at No. 10, Islington-road, in the parish of St. Mary, Islington


; I am a watchmaker
: On the 3d of October, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, two boys came into my shop; the prisoner at the bar is one of them. The other boy asked me for four inches of pinion wire.
Q. Is that an article you dealt in? - A. No. The first boy I was speaking to, who is the boy that is not here, and this boy came in.
Q. The other boy that asked for the pinion wire, he came first in the shop? - A Yes, and while I was speaking to him, the prisoner came in, I told him he might get the pinion wire in St. John-street, at a tool shop; I went to direct him, and I found he knew the place as well as I did; the prisoner at the bar was by him; I was standing at my board, and the watch was hanging behind me.
Q. You say the prisoner was by you, what did he do? - A. He went by me in the shop, and came back again; I can only say, that I saw the prisoner when he went out of the shop on the step, he ran.
Q. Did he go in any direction to any place in the shop where the watch was banging up? - A. Yes.
Q. When he came back again, what did he do? - A. He came swiftly by me, and when he was on the step of the door, I had a full view of him, and in the street, I had a full view of him.

Q. 
            What became of the other boy? - 
               A. 
            I saw him go out, but I did not see him after he had got out.
Q. Had you at that moment missed any thing before you followed the prisoner? - A. Yes, a watch off a hook in the shop, and seeing him run so violently, I pursued him.
Q. Can you say that the watch was in the shop, when the boys came in? - A. Yes, I had hung it up there, and had seen it a few minutes before; it was a silver watch that I had repaired. The prisoner ran up White Lion-street, and I followed him.
Q. You are sure that the boy that ran up White Lion-street, was the same boy that was in the shop? - A. I am.
Q. Did you see him in White Lion-street? - A. I did.
Q. Did you overtake him? - A. I did not.
Q. Did you loose sight of him? - A. No, never at all. I pursued him, and a man stopped him.
Q. Did you see him till a man stopped him? - A. I saw him running up the street, and a man in the street bid him run hard, he cried out, run, run. I was spent in following him, and the witness in Court pursued.
Q. Then you did loose sight of him for a moment? - A. No. I followed him close.
Q. I see in your deposition that you soon lost sight of him? - A. He turned the corner of White Lion-street; and the boy that saw him turn the corner of White Lion-street, said, that he had a watch in his hand; I believe I lost sight of him for about half a minute.
Q. Why did you say you never lost sight of him? - A. It was so short a time.
Q. Then you did loose sight of him for a short time, what happened after that? - I pursued him, crying out stop thief; this other man bid him run, and the witness in Court ran after him, and brought him back to me.
Q. Are you sure that the boy that was brought back to you, was the boy that ran away from you, as you thought, with your watch? - A. He was the same boy.
Q. How did you get the watch? - A. A woman in White Lion-street, gave it me, she said, she picked it up.
Q. That you do not know, was that before the boy was stopped? - A. The boy was absent from me then, I cannot say.
Q. Is that woman here? - A. No, the watch is here.


                  THOMAS 
                  HATTENBURY
               



             sworn. - I am a baker, I was serving customers in White Lion-street with bread; the prosecutor came running out of wind, and halloaed out stop thief; I saw the prisoner at the bar running up White Lion-street from Sewell's house.

Q. How far was he from Sewell's house, when you saw him? - A. About six or seven hundred yards
Q. But in that direction, as though he was coming from the house? - A. Yes.
Q. How near did the prisoner run by you? - A. He run within ten yards of me, I pursued him.
Q. Did you see him do any thing in your pursuing him? - A. I saw him stoop at some place, whether the watch was put there by him, I do not know. I pursued him as far as the Spa Fields, and there I caught him.
Q. Did he say any thing to you, when you stopped him? - A. His shoe came off, and he begged me to stop, while he put it on. I asked him where the watch was (the prosecutor had told me that he had stole his watch.) He said first, that he had not got the watch; I told him then he must go to prison; he told me if I would liberate him, he would give me the watch, he would shew me where it was where he had laid it down, that is all he said; I took him back to Sewell, and he took him to Lack, a constable, in Islington.
Q. Did he shew you the place where he had laid the watch down? - A. Yes, he shewed me the place, in White Lion-street; it was near the place where I had seen him stoop; I did not find the watch there.


                  JOHN 
                  TODD
               



             sworn. - On the morning mentioned by the witnesses, I was crossing White Lion-street; I perceived the old gentleman in pursuit of this boy, some person on the opposite side of the street to where I was, bid the boy run fast. I could have stopped the boy, but I thought he had only been playing some trick to the old man; I went to the door of my lodgings; I saw some woman pick up a watch, and the very instant, the old man arrived, and said, the boy had stole the watch. I am sure the prisoner is the boy the prosecutor was pursuing.
THOMAS WHITE sworn. - I know nothing more than the boy being given into my care, and the watch. I produce the watch

Q. 
            (To prosecutor.) Look at that watch? - A. This is the watch that I lost out of my shop; I had cleaned and repaired it; it belonged to a gentleman who lodged next door to me; I lent him another while that was being cleaned.
Prisoner's defence. My father is a jeweller, he went to take home his work; I asked him to let me go to the Great Wheel, (a pond at Islington, near the spot); my father gave me leave, and I was to make haste back; I was running back to go home, and a gentleman run after me, and stopped me, by and by this old gentleman run up, and said, give me the watch, and I will let you go; I asked him what watch, I said, I have got no watch, Sir, I told him I was going home, and as we were coming along, a gentlewoman had the watch, and she gave it to the owner of the watch, and the gentleman said, he supposed I dropped it; he gave charge of me to a constable, and I was taken to Hatton-garden Office; I told him I never had the watch. He asked me where the other boy was, I told him there was no boy along with me.
GUILTY, aged 13.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            

Jury recommended him to mercy on account of his youth.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
