





606. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th of May
, a watch, value 30 s. a seal, value 2 d. a watch key, value 1 d. one guinea, and two shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Lonsdale
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  LONSDALE
               



            . I am groom
 to Mr. Solman. On Sunday the 28th of May, I met the prisoner in the broad part of Holborn, about eleven o'clock at night; she ran after me, took hold of my arm, and asked me if I would go home with her; she had a nice room to accommodate me; through her persuasions I went with her, to No, 4, Charles-street, Drury-lane


; as soon as I saw what accommodation there was, I wanted to be out again; she persuaded me to stop. I gave her seven shillings to stop with her.
Q. How long did you stay with her - A. I staid in the room all night; she left the room in about three quarters of an hour; she went out and locked the door, she said she should be back directly, she was going in the yard; I said very well, make haste back.
Q. Were you sober - A. Yes, quite sober.
Q. What reason have you to suppose that your watch was safe when you first saw that woman - A. When I first went into the room, I felt the watch and chain in my pocket; I put my hand into my pocket to give her the seven shilling piece, I pulled out the guinea with the seven shilling piece; I gave her the seven shilling piece, and put the guinea safe into my pocket again.
Q. At the time that she left you, had you undressed yourself - A. No, nothing but my breeches were off.
Q. At the time that she left the room, had you any suspicion that your watch and the guinea was gone - A. No, not till she double locked the door; I then looked in my breeches; the watch and guinea was gone. It was a metal hunting watch.
Q. Did you try to get out - A Not then; I thought she might come back again. I staid till four o'clock, and then I 
               drew
             the staple off the door, and went out to my stable, and did my horses up. I made no alarm that morning, I thought it was better to come and catch her in the room.
Q. Are you quite sure that this is the woman that you was with then - A. Yes; on two o'clock the same day, I went in company of a young man, of the name of Templeman, to this room; she was lying upon the bed; I charged her with having stolen my watch; she denied it. I told her she had better give it me, or else I would fetch an officer; she said she did not care for the officer nor me, Templeman went for an officer; and while I staid with her, she got a poker, and said she would strike me on the head; she did strike, but I kept the blow off with my hand; then the landlord came up, and asked me what was the matter; I told him this woman had robbed me of my watch; he took the poker from her, and directly she took a pewter pot and attempted to strike me; the landlord made her put it down. Before the officer came, the landlord said that if I would call again the next day at twelve o'clock, and leave him five shillings, he would take care and find the watch, and restore it to me.
Q. Then you were not to prosecute her - A. Not by that, but still as I had been robbed, I wished to have the law as far as I could. I went down stairs to see if I could see Templeman, I met him with an officer; he went up stairs, and then the landlord produced the watch; he said he found it in her cupboard, under a dish.
Q. Had you looked in that cupboard while she was out - A. Yes, I searched the room, and the cupboard, and turned every thing up that was in it. The watch is in the landlord's custody now.


                  JOSIAH 
                  YARDLEY
               



            . I sold the watch to the young man, I know the watch perfectly.


                  JOHN 
                  HORTON
               



            . I live at No. 40, Charles-street, Drury-lane, the prisoner lodged in my house.
Q. How many more of that description - A. There were two woman, they were both married woman, they said when they came to me; this woman's husband worked in Woolwich Dock-yard. I found the watch in the next room to this woman's room, in Mrs. Clark's room.
Q. You were present when this young man came and laid hold of this young woman, were you not - A. I was present at two o'clock the next day; he asked me if I was the landlord of the house, I said yes; instead of his going into the room that he asked for, he went into the other room where this woman was; they began a bustle; he said he had been robbed, and he had slept with the woman. I searched the woman I found nothing; I opened the next room door, there were two children in it, one of the children told me that her mother put it in the cupboard. This is the watch I found in the cupboard.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. It was not me at all.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
