





220. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     REEVES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of February
, a silver tea-spoon, value 1s. and a mahogany tea-caddy, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Kendall
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  KENDALL
               



             sworn. - I live in the New Road, St. Pancras


; I am a cow-keeper
: I can only speak to the property.


                  PETER 
                  HICKIE
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Kendall: On Saturday, the 1st of this month, I caught the prisoner in my master's house, a little after six o'clock in the morning; when I went in he stood behind the door, and I asked him what brought him there; he said he was come with a note from Mr. Bell; I told him to go to my mistress, and she would take it; he went under pretence of going to my mistress, and came back and said my mistress could not do without me; I went out, but I thought he was not upon a good design, and I turned back and took him by the neck and brought him out, and pinned him up against the wall, to make him stand up; I desired my mistress to go in and see if she missed any thing; she missed a silver spoon, and there was a tea chest lying upon the ground, about three feet from where I pinned him against the wall; and we were taking him across the road, and he pulled the spoon out of his coat-pocket, and threw it away; and a man that is here picked it up.


                  ROBERT 
                  DONOVAN
               



             sworn. - On the 1st of February I was called by Mrs. Kendall; I came up and saw the last witness had got the prisoner against the wall; and as we were taking him along, he threw away a tea-spoon.
- CRONEY sworn. - I picked up that spoon, which I saw drop from him; and Mr. Kendall said it was his property.
- PERRY sworn. - I am a watchman: I was called to assist, and in searching him I found in his pocket a small bottle of phosphorus; (producing it;) and this match.
The property was deposed to by the prosecutor.
Prisoner's defence. I was going to work at six in the morning, and that man ran out and said I had robbed his mistress, and took hold of me; I know nothing of it. 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 26.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
