






5. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DURANT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     ENNIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of November
, eight pounds weight of bacon, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Fish
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  FISH
               



             sworn. - I am a cheesemonger
, at the corner of Castle-street, Long-Acre


: On Monday last, about eight o'clock, I was in my back room, and heard the shop-door open, and the prisoner, Durant, came in; a piece of bacon was laying on the counter; I saw him go out with it, and followed him; before he reached the curbstone I caught hold of him, and he dropped it; he said, he had not robbed me; the other came up, and, with horrid imprecations, swore he was not the man; I said, he was an accomplice; he swore much, and drew a knife, and began cutting at me and 
               
                  John 
                  Hughes
               



            ; after a violent resistance, they were both secured.


                  JOHN 
                  HUGHES
               



             sworn. - I live opposite to Mr. Fish, and saw the prisoners looking into my shop-window about eight o'clock; I had an apron on, which I pulled off, and went out to watch them; Durant went across the street, and looked first into one window, and then the other, of Mr. Fish's; he then went to the door, opened it, and brought this piece of bacon out; I cried stop thief, and laid hold of him; he then dropped it; Ennis stood at the door; Mr. Fish came out, and we seized Durant; the other run away, and then came back again, and said that was not the man who stole the bacon; I said, it was; he struggled much; Ennis 
               drew
             the knife, and said, if I did not let him go, he would run me through the liver; I flinched back, and he struck me with the knife, and just touched me on the shoulder, but did not cut me, owing to my flinching; he again said, he would stab me if I did not let him go, and struck at me again; I then let him go, and they were taken in Castle-street.


                  JOHN 
                  WALKER
               



             sworn. - I saw the prisoners the same evening; hearing a bustle, I went out, and heard Ennis say that is not the man who stole the bacon, loose him; Hughes said, he would not; he said, he would make him; Hughes said, he was one of his accomplices; I saw him draw the knife, and seize hold of Durant, and strike Hughes with the knife; he repeated the blow five or six different times, and they let go Durant, and they run away.


                  JOHN 
                  HUNT
               



             sworn. - I live in James-street, Covent-garden, and stopped Ennis as I was coming down Little White-Lion-street; he was running; some person halloaed out, beware of his knife; in the course of half a minute he fell down, or somebody pulled him; he lay struggling and fighting; having a knife, every one was frightened; he recovered himself, got up, and run down Castle-street; he fell down again on his face, and a person before me fell upon him, and took hold of his arm; a man then put his hand on his wrist, and the knife was forced out of his hand; he got up, and was secured. A number of young men about, said, we had no business with him, because there was nobody to give charge of him.

Durant's defence. I had been but four days out of the country, and was in liquor; I know nothing of it.
Ennis's defence. I was coming up St. Martin's-lane, and saw them beating this young man very much; I said it was a shame to beat him so, and they instantly knocked me down.
Durant, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
Ennis, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
