





42. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     DEAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of November
, fifteen pounds of beef, value 8s. and two loaves of bread, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Lewis 
                     Griffulke
                  




               
            .
JACOB TRAVETT sworn. - I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Lewis 
                  Griffulke
               



            , merchant, No. 4, Crescent, blackfriars-bridge: On Sunday morning, the 2d of November, about half past six o'clock in the morning, as I was opening the shutters, I saw the prisoner endeavouring to get over the area; I ran into the back yard, called the groom, and we went round to the front door and took him; we found nothing upon him; when we got round, he was not quite out of the area; there was a bundle lying in the area, I let it lie there till the constable had charge of the prisoner; the bundle contained fifteen pounds of beef, and two quartern loaves; I missed them from the larder in the area; the cook was taking the bone out of the beef the night before, when I went to bed.
Q. Is the cook here? - A. No.
Q. Did you see it put in the larder? - A. No.
Q. Do you know if the loaves were there overnight? - A. No, I cannot say.
Q. Then you cannot say that any loaves were missing? - A. No; the bundle was tied up in an apron, such as glaziers generally wear.
ISAAC WRIGHT sworn. - I am groom to Mr. Griffulke; I was called by the last witness; I went round with him and took the prisoner as he was getting out of the area; I said to him, you shall not get away this time, so easy as you did before, and we secured him; he was taken before the Alderman and committed; there was a bundle lying in the area, with some beef and bread in it; I had seen the beef in the larder the night before, I did not take any notice of the bread.
Q. Was any thing done to the larder? - A. Yes, the padlock was broke off; I saw the cook lock it up the night before, and the beef in it; there was another lock to it, besides the padlock, which must have been picked, because we found it locked.
SARAH GRAY sworn. - I am a nurse in the family of Mr. Griffulke: I saw the beef and bread in the larder about half past eleven on Saturday night; the bone was taken out; it was made on purpose for bouillie beef; there were six loaves in the safe; two were taken away; the next morning I heard a noise, I looked out at window, and saw my two fellow-servants; they had hold of the prisoner; I came down stairs, and saw the padlock broke off, and the other lock was locked; I saw the bundle in the area, and a long string to it, which went up to the top of the area; when the constable came, I saw a key taken from the prisoner, which unlocked the safe, and locked it again; he was taken into custody immediately. (The constable produced the padlock and two keys, which he had taken from the prisoner, one of which opened the larder).
Prisoner's defence. On Sunday morning, the 2d of November, I was coming along Bridge-street, and these two gentlemen came out, and laid hold of me.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
