





574. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     MURPHY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 13th of June
, twenty-six plates, value 1 s. four dishes, value 4 s. four basons, value 1 s. three cups, value 6 d. three butter boats, value 1 s. four mugs, value 6 d. four decanters, value 1 s. five goblets, value 1 s. 6 d. a wine glass, value 6 d. twenty-five knives, value 10 s. and eleven forks, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Hale
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Holdsworth
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Blizard
                  



               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  HALE
               



            . Q. You are one of the partner


s that carry on the business of the London tavern


 - A. I am; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Holdsworth
               



             and 
               
                  Charles 
                  Blizard
               



             and myself are the only partners. The prisoner washed the wearing apparel of the servants; she used to come to the house. I can only say that I lost some property, and when it is produced I can speak to it.


                  CHARLES 
                  BLIZARD
               



            . Q. You are one of the partners in the house - A. I am. I went with two officers and searched the prisoner's house; with Tipper and Bray.
Q. Did the prisoner rent the whole house - A. So she informed me.
Q. What day was it you searched her house - A. The 13th of June, about two o'clock in the day.
Q. Was the husband at home at that time - A. I saw a man there at dinner, I asked her if that was her husband, she said no, her husband had gone in the country to work at the harvest, he was a labouring man; she told me this person I saw there was a lodger, in the man's hearing; the man said he was a lodger, he worked for a stationer. On the right hand side of her kitchen I found the plates that are stated in the indictment; I took down twenty six plates with the name of Hale and co. stamped on the back of them, we have them manufactured for us. In that room we found some butter boats, they are marked; under the bedstead, in this room, the kitchen, was an old drawer containing a number of knives and forks, they are marked as before; and up stairs we found in a box that was broken a parcel of our knives and forks; the decanters and glasses were found in the kitchen; I asked her how she came by these things; she told me she purchased them when she took the house and furniture; she said she could not exactly recollect the person's name; she had the house about twelve months, and that she had given twenty two pounds for them things.
Q. What might be the worth of the things that were marked with your name that you could swear to - A. Rather think the knives and forks cost two guineas a dozen, the plates about five shillings a dozen.
Q. How long has this woman been in the habit of coming backwards to your house - A. About five months; she has been in the habit of coming for the servants clothes.


                  RICHARD 
                  TIPPER
               



            . I am one of the city constables; I went with Mr. Blizard to search the prisoner's house.
Q. I suppose, as to the things that you found, you agree to what he has stated - A. Yes. The things I have kept ever since; the prisoner said she bought them, when she took the house.


                  JOSHUA 
                  BRAY
               



            . I am a constable; I went with Tipper and Blizard on the 13th of June.
Q. I suppose the things that you produce you give the same account as they do - A. Yes. The man that was there was eating with one of these knives; she poked the tablecloth over it; we searched and found the knives as has been stated.


                  ANN 
                  HOLMES
               



            . Q. Are you a servant in the London Tavern - A. Yes. The prisoner was in the habit of coming for the female servants clothes before I lived there.
Q. How long have you lived there - A. About seven months.
Q. Then all the time you lived there she was the person that came for the maids clothes to wash - A. Yes. 
               
                  Ann 
                  Field
               



             and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Parker
               



             gave her these things; I saw her put them in a parcel of dirty linen. They were servants in the London tavern, They gave her knives, forks, plates, decanters, butter boats, and basons.
Q. How often have you seen that, more than once - A. Yes; when they gave her these things she folded them up among the foul linen, and took them away with the foul linen.
Q. How long had you lived in the family before you observed this conduct of Field and Parker - A. About five days.
Q. When did you first inform your master of what you had seen - A. I did not inform my master until he received a letter; it is not a month ago that he received the letter.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I took this house about nine months ago of one Mrs. Holland; I paid twenty-two pounds for these things and the furniture in the house. I have a witness that I paid my money for them.
Q. to Mr. Hale. Had you a person of the name of Holland that came to your house - A. Yes; she washed for the men.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  TRAILE
               



            . I live in Bowling-alley, White-cross-street; I am a married woman, my husband is a sailor; before this woman came into the house I was a lodger of the man and his wife that she took the house on.
Q. How long is it ago since you lodged there - A. Six months ago.
Q. Who was the man that kept the house when you lived there - A. One Collins.
Q. Not Holland - A. It was Collins; he was a labouring man; the prisoner was a sober, honest woman, and always bore a responsible good character. When she took this house she bought every thing thatwas in the house, and some of these things were in the house when she took it; the plates and glasses, I have seen a great many of them there, they were a kind of china plates. She paid twenty two pounds for the beds and all the things that were in the house. I lodged there six months when Collins kept it; I have left it about six months.
Q. That makes a twelve month altogether - did you ever go with this woman to the London tavern - A. No.
Q. Did Collins do any thing at the London tavern - A. His wife had washing from some tavern, I never enquired into what tavern.
Q. How many plates were there with Hale and co. on them - A. Not above half a dozen.
Q. What was there particular that should draw your attention to the name being on the plates - A. Why I was looking at them one day I came down there; I asked her what these plates were a piece; Mrs. Murphy said she could not tell.
Q. How many days was that before you went away - A. I went away that Friday night that Christmas was; this was on Thursday, the day before I left the house; it was that I remarked the plates, I had seen these blue ones when Collins lived in the house; it must be upwards of a twelvemonth ago when I saw them in the house.
Q. Were Collins and you intimate - A. No; I had no dealings with him, no further than going through up into my own apartment; I never visited her, nor dined with her, nor drank tea with her.
Q. It was rather taking a liberty, you taking these plates down - A. I did not take them down. I saw them on the mantle piece; they were facing of me just as I went in the door; the front of the plates were towards me.
Q. Then you saw the name of Hale and co. upon the fronts - A. Yes, I did; the letters were large enough for any one to read.
COURT. Let me see one of the plates, were they coloured letters or plain - A. They were coloured letters.
Q. to Tipper. Are there any such plates there - A. No; we found no plates with coloured letters in the house.
Q. to Traile. When was you called upon to give evidence upon this occasion - A. Mrs. Murphy sent for me this morning. And what I saw in the house, I speak to no more. The plates were larger than them.
Q. Look at these plates and tell me whether there are any with coloured letters - A. No.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
