





230. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     KIAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3rd of February
, three yards and a half of calico, value 6 s. 3 d. a handkerchief, value 3 d. a pair of gaiters, value 6 d. a comb, value 3 d. and sixpence in monies, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Hollis
                  




               
            .
ROBERT HOLLIS. I am a gentleman's coachman
; I live with 
               
                  William 
                  Hunt
               



            , Esqr. On Tuesday the 2nd of February, between twelve and one at noon, my master's stable was robbed of my property; there were three yards and a half of calico taken, five pennyworth of halfpence, and a penny piece; and a knife and comb were taken out of my waistcoat pocket, while I was on the premises; on Wednesday, February the 3d, between the hours of eleven and five in the day, I lost an old silk handkerchief and a pair of old gaiters.
Q.Did the boy live in the yard. - A. No, he lived just by; he has robbed the stable six times; the silk handkerchief was found upon him, the calico he sold to a Jew in Petticoat-lane.


                  EDWARD 
                  JAMES
               



            . I am Mr. Gosling's groom; my stable was robbed of a great coat.
Q. That is not in this indictment. - A. The prisoner was found in my loft; he had an old silk handkerchief and a comb.
Q. Is your loft near Hollis's stables. - A. These are two stables between his and mine. When he was taken he owned that he took the piece of calico and sold it to a Jew in Petticoat-lane.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I laid the things there but not with intent to take them; I slept there all night, my father and mother said I should not go home.



               GUILTY
            , aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
