





15. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     ANGER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of November
, a pair of sheets, value 24 s. a gown, value 18 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Ennis
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Button
                     



.


                  ANN 
                  ENNIS
               



            . I live up the first floor, No. 39, Monmouth street


. On Wednesday the 12th of November, about eleven o'clock in the forenoon, I went into Long Acre after some work, I returned about a quarter past twelve; the person that occupied the kitchen in the same house called me, I went to her and I stopped about ten minutes, I returned up the back stairs which lead into the passage, and on getting to the end of the passage I saw the prisoner come down my stairs; my own dog came to the street door and barked violently at the prisoner. I noticed the prisoner, and I saw that she had something bulky under her petticoats, I noticed her the second time, I then saw something white dragging upon her legs, I thought she looked very suspicious. I immediately went to my own door, and upon trying the latch I found the door had been unlocked by a key; I had left my door double locked when I went out. On entering the room I perceived that my bed clothes were taken off the bed, I immediately missed my sheets, they had been taken off the bed. I pursued the woman that I had met in the passage, and when I came to the street door I saw her turn the corner of Monmouth street to go into Great St. Andrew street. I took hold of her right arm, and I said my good woman what have you got concealed under your petticoats, I took the corner of her apron on one side, and I perceived a new cotton gown of mine pinned round her waist. I brought her back to the door myself, I met my landlady, I begged her to assist me, we went into my landlady's shop, I asked her where my sheets were; my landlady took hold of her by her right arm till such times she had shuffled the sheets off, which were concealed round her two thighs; during the time that my landlady had hold of the prisoner's arm, there came a key out of her bosom, which key I tried, and it opens my door. I sent for a constable and had her taken before a magistrate. I produce the things, I have had them ever since; the gown is mine, and the sheets they are marked by myself.
Q. Now just state what is the value of the gown and the sheets. - A. Eighteen shillings; and the sheets twenty-four shillings; the sheets cost me thirty-six shillings and eight pence, and they have been washed twice.
Q. The life of the woman depends upon the value of the things taken from you, therefore be particular. - A. I can swear to the value of the gown being worth eighteen shillings, and the sheets are worth twenty four shillings.
Prisoner. Can you stand there and say that you saw me upon the stairs. - A. I saw you come down the stairs and go into the passage.
Court. You are sure that she is the person upon whom you found the things. - A. Yes.


                  SARAH 
                  BUTTON
               



            . Q. Your husband is the owner of this house. - A. Yes, his name is James.
Q. Do you remember seeing the prisoner at the bar at the time the last witness has spoken off. - A. Yes, between twelve and one o'clock Mrs. Ennis brought her in by the arm, and bid me take hold of her arm; till she got assistance, and while I had hold of her arm, this key tumbled against my hand, it was just in the act of falling from her bosom, I gave the key to Mrs. Ennis, she said it opened her door.
Q. Did you see any of the things that were taken from her. - A. While I had hold of her arm Mrs. Ennis said that was the gown that was round her waist, I knew it to be Mrs. Ennis's gown; a person called to me, they said Mrs. Button, there are some keys laying on the floor, and these scissars.
Q. What would you give for such a gown as that. - A. I should give ten or twelve shillings for it; I would not give above twelve shillings for a pair of sheets that are second hand.
Prisoner's Defence. I am a poor woman, I have three small children; I went out to see for some work of a woman, she lived within a door or two of this house, I could not rightly tell the number of the house, I met the woman accidentally, her name is 
               
                  Mary 
                  Gibbons
               



            , I told her my distress, I had just that day come out of a sit of illness, I told her I had not a thing to cover my nakedness, I should be glad of some employ, she said she had none, she would lend me a shilling or two till Saturday, she was going to pledge some things, she told me to stay below, I was not to go up stairs with her; she fetched this gown and sheets, and gave them to me on the thresh-old of this person's door, if I had known these things had been stolen I should not have stopped till the prosecutrix came; I walked slowly by the door, the prosecutrix came and said, you cruel creature, you have robbed me, I said they were given me at the door, I have not been in the house; shut the door, she says, she is in the house now, the woman that lived in the cellar said, d - n her, we have got you, the prosecutrix fainted away and some brandy was got for her. I had not a bit of petticoat round me, the prosecutrix mentioned that I had something ragged wrapped round, which was an old sheet, the key which dropped out of my bosom was the key of my own door, where my children was locked in, I had four pence halfpenny in my bosom to get some potatoes, I took it out of my bosom, and the key, I was very faint, I asked them for a drop of water, the woman said no, they would not give me a drop of water if it would save my life.
GUILTY, aged 39.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty nine-shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
