






333. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  NOWLAND
               




             and 
               
                  BRYAN 
                  NOWLAND
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of February
, seventy-five earthenware plates, value 25s. six small earthen-ware plates, value 1s. two cut glass salts, value 4s. a plain glass salt-cellar, value 6d. and a pen-knife, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Phillips
                  




               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  ANN 
                  BOSWELL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. My husband and I live in Adam and Eve-court, Oxford-street; the two prisoners both lodged in my house, in the same room: On Monday, the 24th of February, I saw some blue and white china plates in a canvas cloth, under the bed, and knowing that they worked for Mr. Phillips, an earthen-ware dealer
, near the Pantheon, I told my husband of it; and he informed Mr. Phillips; they had lodged with me between seven and eight months.


                  GEORGE 
                  PHILLIPS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I live next door to the Pantheon, in Oxford-street; Henry Nowland has been in my service about sixteen months, and Bryan came a few months after Henry: On Monday the 24th of February, in consequence of information, I went to their lodgings in Adam and Eve-court; Boswell went up with me into the back room up one pair of stairs, where I saw a bundle tied up in a coarse cloth, containing twenty-four blue and white plates; I found it near the bed, rather under it; there was a box in the room, which I just poised, and found it excessively heavy; I then went to Marlborough-street for a search-warrant; I then went again with an officer; I called at home and desired the prisoner, Bryan, to take a basket, and follow me; when we had got over the way into the court, I told him a discovery had been made of some earthen-ware in his apartments, and it would be necessary that he should give an account of it; the officer untied the bundle, and took out the plates; I then desired Bryan to open the box; and he said it was his brother's, and he had not the key; the officer then broke it open, and we found in it all the rest of the articles mentioned in the indictment, except the pen knife, which was in a bundle of dirty linen upon the box; the officer took possession of the property; they were all new plates, quite bright and clean, they had not the least appearance of having been used, but they were interspersed with small straws; we had unpacked, within a few days, a great many goods from both our manufacturers, and on account of the quantity, they were put upon the shelves without wiping them, as we usually do; I have no doubt that they were a part of my stock; there were two cut glass salts, and a plain one, the cut glass salts were of the same pattern, but different in size from each other; with respect to the large one, I had, a little time before, written to my manufacturer to send me twenty-four a little larger, and they had arrived three or four days before this discovery; I hadput them in a glass case in the accompting-house; the prisoner, Bryan, used to light the fire in the accompring-house before the clerk came; I had not sold any of them; I went home and examined the cut glass salts, and found but twenty-three instead of twenty-four; they were wrapped up in a greyish kind of paper, very different from any paper used in our shop; and the one that I found in the prisoner's box was in a paper exactly resembling that paper; I have no doubt but that was one of the twenty-four; the pen-knife I had missed about ten days before, and made a good deal of inquiry after it but heard nothing of it. (William Jackson, the offer, produced the property).
Phillips. I am sure this knife is mine, there is a small bit chipped off the end of it on the ivory part; after I had returned home, the other prisoner came in; I told him some earthen-ware had been found in his apartments; I asked him for the key of the box; he said he had not had it, for several days past, and appeared exceedingly confused; I desired him to go with me over to his lodgings; he went with me to the door, and there he ran away; on the Wednesday following I took him again at the lodging; he was taken before a Magistrate; Bryan had declared, with many oaths and imprecations, that he knew nothing about it, and wished his brother at the devil for running away.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. I believe one of the prisoners had lived with a Mr. Minton, in the same business? - A. He had; that was Henry.
Q. You had not counted over the number of plates in your house? - A. No; I could not.
Q. They might have been stolen from Mr. Minton for any thing you know? - A. No; Mr. Minton's brother supplies him entirely.
Q. When you took up Bryan first, did he not say, that his brother Henry was totally innocent, and knew nothing of the transaction? - A. He did.


                  ARTHUR 
                  MINTON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. The prisoner, Henry, lived with me formerly, he went from me to Mr. Phillips's; Mr. Phillips did not ask me for a character of him, if he had I should have given him a most excellent one; after this discovery was made, he called at my house, and told me that there had been some things found in his brother's lodging, and his; I then asked him if he knew any thing of them; he said, no, he did not, and wished me to go to his master; I told him if I could be of any service to him, as an honest man, I would; but if he was guilty, I would certainly assist in bringing him to justice.
Q. Look at those plates, have you any patterns of that sort in your stock? - A. Not exactly; my brother, and several others, make of the same pattern, with the only difference of their being different manufacturers.
Mr. Alley. Q. He might have stole them from you? - A. He had opportunities enough.


                  Henry 
                  Nowland
               



            's defence I am as innocent as the child unborn; I know nothing about it; he had the key of the box as well as me; they were not in the box on Sunday night, they must have been put in the day my brother was taken.
Bryan Nowland's defence. The property is mine, I bought them, and paid for them, this man knows nothing at all about them.
The prisoners called one witness, who had known them from the time they came to London, and gave them a good character.
Henry Nowland, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)


                  Bryan 
                  Nowland
               



            , GUILTY. (Aged 20.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
