





243. 
               
                  FRANCIS, alias 
FREDERIC 
                  SOLOMON
               




            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of March
, fifty pounds weight of lead pipe, value 12 s. and a brass cock, value 4 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Butcher
                        




                     
                  , fixed to his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BUTCHER
               



             sworn. - I lived in Flower-de-luce-street, Spital-fields


, at the time of this transaction: On the 1st of March, about ten o'clock in the morning, I missed the leaden pipe that went round the cistern in the inside of the kitchen, when I went to wash my hands; it was there on the preceding evening at seven o'clock, I washed my hands there then, and it was safe.
Q. Is the door of your house left open? - A. Yes, the door is generally kept open till ten o'clock at night, I kept a pork-shop
; I had a painter at a job at my house, and he went to the Office about it.
Q. Did you see any pipe brought to your house? - A. Yes, on the next morning, Harper, the officer, brought it, and it matched with what was left.
Q. Did you know any thing about the prisoner? - A. No; I knew the pipe again by one joint that came out in the yard, it had been cut off before by a person unknown; I took a hammer, and beat it up, I know it by that; it matched with the cistern, and with the hole where the pipe had been beat up; I have no doubt in the least it is mine.
- HARPER sworn. - I am an officer of Worship-street: On Friday, the 1st of March, I was walking about Shoreditch, at half past eight o'clock at night; I came up to the prisoner at the bar, and saw that he had something under his arm very heavy; he was walking from Norton-falgate to a house that buys all so its of goods; I took himunder the gateway of that house; before I took him, I saw the ends of the lead sticking out, wrapped up in a bag. When I stopped him under the gateway, I asked him what it was, though I saw it before; he gave me no answer about it at first, but at last he made answer that it was lead, and that I knew; he said that he bought it of some man, and gave eight shillings for it.
Q. Did he mention the name of the man? - A. No; I think he said he had bought it that evening on Saffron-hill, I am not sure; I took him and the lead to the watch-house that night, and he was taken before the Magistrate the next morning; there were six pieces of lead pipe, and the cock fixed to one of them.
Q. Did it appear to have been recently broke, or cut? - A. It appeared to have been fresh done.
Q. How did you happen to inquire about this lead? - A. There was a dispute about the lead between the prosecutor and the painter; the prosecutor suspected the painter. The painter came to the Office to clear his character, and then he heard of the man being taken with the lead; he sent the prosecutor to the Office, and soon after the prosecutor came to the Office; he said it was his property.
Q. Did you at any time go to Butcher's with the lead? - A. I did, and the prosecutor compared the lead before my face.
Q. From that comparing, did it appear to have been taken from his cistern? - A. It did, to the best of my knowledge; it weighed fifty-six or fifty-seven pounds, the lead and cock altogether.
Q. How far was it, when you first saw it, from the prosecutor's house? - A. About two hundred yards, and within fifty yards of the old iron shop, where they buy it; I produce the lead.
Prosecutor. I have not the least doubt in the world but it is mine.
Prisoner's defence. Mr. Harper took me with this lead, as I was coming from the other end of the town; when I was coming home, I met with a man that had an ass, and a pair of panniers on its back; I had some broken glass that I purchased on my back, I purchase old metal and other things; I put down my glass on the ground, on the man saying to me, Jew, do you know where to sell any lead; I told him I did know where to sell it, and if in case he had any to dispose of, I would purchase it, if it was honestly come by; he told me that he purchased it in the country. He took it out of his panniers, and I looked at it, there were two different parcels of it; accordingly I asked him what he asked for it a pound, and he said, twopence farthing a pound; I told him I would give twopence; he told me he thought it was rather too little, but the person he used to deal with was dead, and he did not know where to sell it at that present time; I asked him what quantity there was of it; he said, to the best of his knowledge there were fifty-one or fifty-two pounds of it. I then told him I could not give more than twopence a pound for it; he said, you shall have it; I made answer, it is the best job we can do to get it weighed; he told me that it was not convenient in any shop to get it weighed, as they would not be troubled with it; I took the lead in my hand, I thought there was the quantity; accordingly I paid him 8 s. 6 d. for it; I paid him for the odd pound, and fifty-one pounds I paid him for; it was tied in several parcels. I took them, with my bag under my arm, as far as one Mr. Smith's, a china and glass shop, in Clare-market; I took the glass there, and disposed of my glass; I took this lead, I did not conceal it in my bag, and put it outside of the bag, not knowing that it was come dishonestly by, or was stolen by any body; if in case that had entered into my mind, I certainly should have concealed it inside of the bag. I made the best of my journey from Clare-market, to Mr. Revell, in Shoreditch, where I sold copper and brass; I am a man that was never before a Justice, nor any gentleman or constable; no man has seen any harm of me; at the time I was taken up I had only been in London three weeks; I came from Bristol, where I had lived twenty-one years; I am as innocent of the charge that is laid against me as the child from its mother; you may depend upon it that I really am; it is a thing that I was never guilty of in my life.
Q.(To Harper.) Fix (as nigh as you can) the hour you saw the prisoner? - A. About half an hour after eight, not ten minutes over or under. He told me at the time that his father or people belonging to him lived at Bethnal-green.
Prisoner. I have got an old father and mother in London; they are very old; my father is 92, and my mother is 72.
Q.(To the Prosecutor.) When did you wash your hands last at this cock? - A. About seven o'clock; a gentleman came to me, and I looked at my watch to see what o'clock it was; it was as nigh seven as possible.
Jury. Q.(To Harper.) When he was walking with the lead, was his direction from Clare-market? - A. He was walking the way as if he was coming from the prosecutor's house, and going to the house to sell the lead; that is the direction exactly.
Court. It could not be that the lead had been to Clare-market and back again; the lead was safe at near seven o'clock, and at the time it is found on the prisoner it is half-past eight; when he is met at that distance from Clare-market, at Shoreditch. you know what a way that is from Clare-market,if it had been any way about Lincoln's Inn fields, he could not have come from Clare-market with it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
