





51. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MASLIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of November
, part of a diamond set in silver, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Lindo
                  




               
            , Esq
.
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  MARY 
                  ROBINSON
               



            ; examined by Mr. Gurney. I believe you live in the house of 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Lindo
               



            , Esq. Finsbury square


. - A. Yes; he has a house at Finsbury square.
Q. Has the prisoner lived with him as footman
. - A. Yes.
Mr. DOBSON; examined by Mr. Gurney. You are a pawnbroker. - A. Yes; I live in Chiswell street.
Q. On the 14th of November last did your young man produce to you that jewel that you hold in your hand. - A. He did.
Q. After he had so produced it to you, did the prisoner call upon you. - A. He did, on Friday the 14th of November, about two o'clock in the afternoon. I asked him if this was the article he brought for sale; he told me yes; he wished me to inform him whether it was a diamond. I asked him to inform me whose property it was; he told me it was his brother's. I asked him where his brother lived; he told me No. 15, Coleman street, he was a cheesemonger. I then told him if it was his brother's property, and he had suffered him to have it to sell, if I was satisfied with that, I would buy it of him. I then sent one of my young men out with him to ascertain if it was truth. Instead of going into Coleman street he went towards Finsbury square. I followed him. I told him I thought he said he was going to Coleman street: he asked me, what was that to me; did I think he was to go which way I chose. I then told him I had not two opinions how he came by the property, and that I should detain him.
Q. When the officers came to search him what was found upon him. - A. A considerable number of duplicates, part of a foreign coin, a paste ring, and one or two castor tops; in his pocket was a letter addressed to A. Lindo, Esq. I said, do you know Mr. Lindo? Yes, he said, he did. I then said, to make the matter short, I suppose you live in his service? He said he did. I went to Mr. Lindo; and after the examination Mr. Lindo claimed it as his property.


                  JOHN 
                  RAY
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoners Defence. The only excuse that I can make with respect to this diamond, it was a mere accident it was broken off; I never intended to expose it to sale, I only took it there to know whether it was a diamond or not and how I could get it replaced, as my intention was to have got it replaced unknown to Mr. Lindo. I never offered it to sale. Mr. Dobson's young man voluntary offered me two guineas for it. I told him I did not intend it for sale. When he sent his young man to know whether I lived in Coleman street, I did not say Coleman street, I said Coram street. At the same time I went to Mr. Dobsons, I was sent out by Mrs. Lindo to a butcher in Fore street. I had occasion to go there, likewise down Moorfields.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
