





558. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     FARRALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th of May
, a watch, value 2 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Tyrer
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  TYRER
               



            . I am a porter
.
Q. Where were you on the evening of the 28th of May last - A. I had been in the city to see an acquaintance of mine; I was going to Paddington; I met with this girl in Holborn about ten o'clock in the evening; I was intoxicated. I went into a house with her, No. 4, Dyot-street


. We went into the room together and went to bed; I soon fell asleep.
Q. Was there a bed in the room - A. Yes.
Q. Was there any body in the room with you but the prisoner - A. Not when we went in. I suppose we laid down on the bed both together.
Q. How long did you continue asleep - A. Perhaps an hour.
Q. Before you fell asleep did any body else come in the room - A. No; she was with me when I fell asleep. when I awoke she was gone.
Q. Then was there any body else in the room - A. Yes; there was a girl that belonged to the house; I was awoke by the person that kept the house. I had lain down in my clothes; when I awoke I missed my watch, and the prisoner was gone.
Q. When had you last seen the watch - A. I felt it in my pocket when I went into the house.
Q. On what occasion did you happen to feel it in your pocket - A. I saw the watch hanging down when I went into the room.
Q. What passed after you awoke - A. I asked them if they knew what had became of it; they said no, I never had one.
Q. Are you certain that you never took the watch out before you went to bed - A. Yes; I am certain that I never took it out. They took me to the watch-house that night; I told the landlady I was not willing to go. I told them at the watchhouse that I had lost my watch, they let me go then.


                  SAMUEL 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I keep the Round-house, I have the charge of all the prisoners; when the last witness was brought to the watchhouse, he said he had been robbed of his watch at the house; he described the woman that he had been with as a tall woman that spoke hoarse. We knew the woman, we went out but could not find her that night. On the next morning, about eleven o'clock, a person came and told me where she was: I went to the place and found her, I asked her for the watch; she delivered it up to me directly; she said she was very tipsey, or else she never would have taken it; I took her and the watch to the watchhouse.
Q. How did the prosecutor appear to you, as to sobriety - A. He did not appear to be very sober, but the woman of the house, and her brother had ill used him, which rather made him more flurried than he would have been.
Q. From his description of the woman you knew her - A. Yes.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. When I went to make the bed I found the watch on the bed; I desired my landlady's brother to go and fetch the watchhouse keeper; he went and brought him forward; I know nothing more of the watch than picking it up on the bed.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.
Of stealing, but not from the person.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Chambre.
