





649. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               making an assault in the dwelling-house of -, upon 
                     
                        William 
                        Bryant
                     




                  , on the 17th of August
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, a silver watch, value 2l. and a pair of silver buckles, value 10s.
             the property of the said William.
WILLIAM BRYANT sworn. - On the 17th of August, I was coming from Knightsbridge, and went to the sign of the Turk's-head, in a street that goes up to Bloomsbury-square.
Q. Did you stay any time in this public-house? - A. Yes, it was about half-past eight when I came out; when I went in, I called for a pint of porter.
Q. How much had you? - A. Three or four pints, I don't know which.
Q. Were you sober when you went out? - A. I cannot say I was sober, because I had been drinking a little.
Q. Where did you see the prisoner? - A. He was in the same public-house, in a corner, all the time; he wanted to introduce himself to me, and I told him several times to keep his own company, and he was not content with that, but he took up the pot and drank; when I went away, as I was going out, the door was half open and half shut, when the prisoner passed me; and as he passed me, he put his hand into my waistcoat-pocket, and took hold of a silver watch that I had in my pocket, and a pair of silver buckles; I took hold of him directly, and he strucke me; he used very bad expressions, and said, if I did not let him go, he would have my life; I struck him several times myself; two more then came up to his assistance, and he got away; he ran down the street, and I after him, and the watchman caught hold of him; then some others endeavoured to rescue him from the watchman, and he ran into a public-house, in St. Giles's, the Black dog; I pulled out my handkerchief to wipe the blood off my face, and the prisoner run up stairs; in about two minutes, I went up stairs and found the prisoner undrest.
Q. Did you find your watch and buckles? - A. No; the man that came to his assistance, ran away.
Prisoner. There were about a dozen girls of the town in the house, and he was handing the watch and buckles about to the girls.
Court. Q. Were there any women with you at this public-house? - A. No; there was nobody with me any part of the time.

Q.Did you pull out your watch at all? - A. Yes, once, to see what o'clock it was.
EDWARD CROCKER sworn. - I am a patrol belonging in Bow-Street.
Q. Were you in the street, when Bryant was pursuing the prisoner? - A. No; I was coming down Bowl-yard, and, at the Black-dog, I saw a number of people round the door; I heard a young man had been robbed; I went into the house, and asked the landlord where the young man was; he was in the bar; I went up stairs, and in the room, behind the chair, I found the prisoner, with his coat, waistcoat, and shirt off, fitting down upon the ground, in the room, there was part of an old black coat and an apron; the prosecutor identified him immediately; I took him into custody, and searched him, but found nothing upon him.
Q.(To Bryant.) How was the prisoner dressed at the publie-huose, where you were fitting? - A. The room was dark, it appeared to be a dark coat, and a black apron.
Q. Are you sure he is the man? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  DALTON
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I went up into the room with Crocker, the prisoner was standing by the door in custody of Burns, the watchman; the prisoner's clothes were upon the floor; he said, he had stripped in Dyot-street, to assist in fighting, and that he had no clothes when he came into the house, and the watchman and a little boy said, these were the clothes he had on when he came into the house.


                  JAMES 
                  BURNS
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman, I assisted in taking the prisoner, he was rescued away from me at the Black-dog; he ran into the house, and went up stairs, I went after him.
Q. Did you see enough of the man to know him again, when you saw him at the Blck-dog? - A. Yes, because I knew him before; I went up stairs, and was afraid to follow him into the room without help; I was close to him, at the same time, Crocker came up, and I went into the room and found him wihtout his clothes.
Prisoner's defence. This man lost his property among some girls, I know nothing about it.
GUILTY, aged 44,
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not in the dwelling-house, nor putting the person in fear
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Banc.
