





181. 
               
                  
                     SARAH MARY ANN 
                     TOWNSHEND
                  , alias 
ELLIS





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th of February
 half a pound weight of tobacco, value 2 s. a quarter of a pound weight of snuff, value 1 s. a dollar value 5 s. ten shillings, three sixpences and three halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Benningfield
                  




               
            .


                  MARTHA 
                  BENNINGFIELD
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Benningfield
               



            , he keeps a tobacconist's shop
, Whitechapel


; on the 9th of the present month, between twelve and one o'clock at noon, the prisoner came to our shop, she asked for half a pound of shag tobacco; I served her; while I was serving her she asked me if I could give her change of a pound note, I told her yes; I laid the tobacco on the counter, I went to get the change ready, expecting she would get the note ready; while I was getting the change she asked for a quarter of a pound of snuff; I served her the snuff, I put the change on the counter, among the change was a half guinea; she wished me to change the half guinea, and give her silver for it; I took the half guinea and put it in the till; I had not got silver enough in the till; I had to go into the back room; I thought it odd that she did not give me the note; she looked a decent person she counted the money over and said it was not right, I said it was right; she counted it over again, and said there is a shilling I would thank you to change, she thought it was not good; I changed it, then she said the change was wrong again. I counted it over again, I said it was right; then she wished me to make a bill, I said what a bill for half a pound of tobacco and a quarter of a pound of snuff; my little boy made a bill, she said it is right enough, she took the tobacco and snuff under her arm and was going out of the shop; I observed to her when I came out of the parlour with the silver, and said madam you know you have not given me the note, when she was going out with the tobacco and snuff; she said she had; I told her she must be mistaken, she said she was not; I said feel in your pocket, she did not; I asked her what she saw me do with it when I had taken it, she said that I had taken it into the parlour when I went for the change; says I that cannot be, because when I come out of the parlour, I told her she had not given me the note; she said, I have given you the note; I went and looked and she followed me; I took out the bowl where I put my change; I said look, you see your note is not here, you see there is only two notes and they lay considerably under the silver; she would insist on my taking the notes out of the silver; I did it to gratify her; she said there were spots of ink on the note she gave me; when she saw the notes, I observed to her where is the spots of ink, here is no spots of ink upon these; she said no; we walked into the shop, she then said she should know her note if she was to see it, her note was torn at the corner; I went and looked again and there was one of the two torn at the corner; I said you took more notice than I did. I did not observe it was torn, she said she was sure that was her note, she had taken it of Mr. Townsend; she asked me to let my little boy go along with her to Mr. Townsend with the note; to gratify her I let him go; after my little boy was gone out with her, I then thought she was not an honest woman; my husband come up, I desired him to run after her; I was confident she would not come back with the tobacco and snuff and the change; the change was sixteen shillings and sevenpence halfpenny.
Prisoner. There was not one person in the shop but that woman.
Prosecutrix. She told the magistrate there were four or five customers in the shop.


                  THOMAS 
                  BENNINGFIELD
               



            . JUNIOR. Q. How old are you. - A. I am fourteen. I took the note in my hand that she said was hers, it was a one pound note; on going out, the prisoner said she would fetch her husband out of a slaughterhouse to box my ears.
Q. How far from the house were you then. - A. I was about the middle of the Butcher row.
Q. Were you going to Mr. Townshend. - A. Yes, as I thought; we went along till we came to Mr. Jones's facing of Houndsditch, she went in there, she asked Mr. Jones if he had not given her a note on the Saturday, he said there were so many notes he could not tell; then she came out, I asked her if she was not going to Mr. Townshend; she said her name was Townshend; I asked her for the change, she said she had not got the change; then we went down Houndsditch; as we were going along I kept asking her for the change, she said she had not got it, and if she was not in the state she was, she would thump my head against the wall; I asked her again for the change, she said she had not got the change; then I went home.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STARNELL
               



            . On the 9th of this month I had occasion to come out of Mr. Benningfield's premises into the shop; I saw the prisoner but took little notice of her; I went about my business.
Q. Did you see enough of her so as to know her again or not. - A. I saw her in the parlour adjoining the shop, with Mrs. Benningfield; I know her person that she was there. About ten minutes after one o'clock, I observed 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Benningfield
               



             came into the shop; in consequence of what I heard I went after the woman and took her; I found her in Mr. Jackson's a straw bonnet shop; I charged with having been in Whitechapel, and there obtaining change of a one pound note; she said she had not been in Whitechapel that day; she came from Hackney where she lived; I wished her to come back.
Prisoner. He offered me a shilling and eighteen-penceif I would go back with him.
Witness. I told her if she was not the person, I would give her eighteenpence for her trouble if she would go back. I then conveyed her to Worship-street.


                  MARGARET 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I live in Houndsditch; the prisoner came into our shop to enquire for a bonnet of the name of Clark, we had no bonnet of that name; shortly after Starnell came in and said to her have you not been to a house in Whitechapel, a tobacconist's; she denied having been in Whitechapel.


                  JAMES 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a linen draper. When she came into my shop she said she had taken a note of me the Tuesday before. I knew nothing of her, she had not taken a note of me; the boy asked her for the change; she said she had not got it, she had left it with the lady of the shop
Prosecutrix. 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Bishop
               



             searched her and found the change; he is not here; I subpoenaed him last night.
Prisoner's Defence. I went into the prosecutor's shop to buy half a pound of tobacco, and a quarter of a pound of snuff. I put the note down and the lady gave the change, with a half guinea; she said she would rather give me silver; she took the half guinea; then I lost sight of the note; I never had the tobacco and snuff.
Court to Jury. You are to consider the conduct and demeanour of the prisoner. In the course of this transaction, when she got this change, she quarrelled with it a long time, not having given the note. When she is asked for the note, then she said that she had given the note, when in fact and truth she knew she had not. How does her innocence and demeanour consist with her conduct; when she is asked for the change, she said Mrs. Benningfield had not given her the change, when in truth she had.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
