





566. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of June
, a pocket book, value 1 s. a two-penny receipt stamp, value 2 d. a four-penny receipt stamp, value 4 d. a six-penny receipt stamp, value 6 d. and a shilling receipt stamp, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Richards
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  RICHARDS
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. 
                  
                     George 
                     Kilbore
                  



                and co. dry salters
, Cross-lane, Cannon-street


. On the 24th of June I was sent out to collect money, and in passing along Lombard-street, about one o'clock at noon, I felt a jerk at my pocket; I turned round and saw the prisoner several yards from me, he might be twelve yards from me; he had the pocket book under his coat, endeavouring to make his escape; my witness, 
               
                  John 
                  Pearce
               



            , saw the whole of the transaction, immediately rushed out of the shop, previously the prisoner had dropped the pocket book; Pearce picked it up with one hand, and seized the prisoner with the other; I immediately collared the prisoner also, and took him to the witnesses's shop till a constable could be procured. I took him to the compter.
Mr. Gleed. You say this was at the hour of one, in Lombard-street - A. Yes.
Q. Lombard-street we all know is an amazing throughfare - A. Yes.
Q. What pocket was the pocket book in - A. I cannot positively say; I believe it was on the right hand side.
Q. Perhaps you do not recollect that you had any pocket book at all - A. Yes, I saw it half an hour before in Mincing-lane.


                  JOHN 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I am shopman to a button maker, 23, Lombard-street. On Saturday the 24th of June, a little past one o'clock, I saw the prisoner take a black leather pocket book from the pocket of the prosecutor; directly I ran after him, seized him by the collar; I told him he had picked a gentleman's pocket of a pocket book; at the instant the pocket book fell on the ground, I lowered my hand, and with my left hand I picked up the pocket book from the ground; a crowd of people came round, I kept hold of the prisoner all the while till I got the pocket book. I took the prisoner into the shop; some person in the crowd desired me to give him the book; I requested some person to collar him, who knowing they never went alone.
Q. Who was the person that you ordered to be collared - A. The prosecutor, I thought it to be an accomplice.


                  EDWARD 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am a constable, The prisoner and the pocket book was delivered to me. I took him to the Compter.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
