





373. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of May
, a pocketbook, value 1 s. a pencil, value 6 d. and one Bank note, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - On the 31st of May last, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I came from the Chapter-house, in St. Paul's church-yard


; when I got near Cannon-alley, which is nearly opposite the North door of St. Paul's; there was a great concourse of people, occasioned by thechildren coming out of St. Paul's; the peace-officers were attempting to keep the people from the children; the prisoner was very much on me; I felt my watch and purse were safe; while I was so doing, I felt a pressure on my left-hand coat pocket; I immediately put my left hand in there, and missed my pocket-book; I then looked on my left hand, to see who was near me, and from the very decent appearance of the prisoner, I could not suspect his person; I fixed my eye very attentively on him, and I saw him turn a little away, at the same time I perceived his hand upon his breast; seeing that, I immediately put my right hand on his left breast; I felt something like a book, I immediately asked him if he had not taken my pocket-book out of my pocket; he denied it, and while he was speaking, I put my hand to his breast, and took the pocket-book out; he then said, he wished to speak to me; I took him by the collar, I saw some of the Marshal-men; I called out, I have got a pickpocket, and an officer, of the name of Cartwright, turned round, and came to me; I delivered to him the prisoner with my left hand, and my pocketbook with my right hand; my pocket-book contained a one-pound Bank-note and a small pencil; I cannot say there was any struggle, nor any bustle of any kind.
Q. Had he any body with him? - A. He seemed to be alone.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CARTWRIGHT
               



             sworn. - I am an officer; I was seeing the children out after service was over, to Cannon-alley.
Q. Did you see this transaction? - A. No, I received the prisoner and the book of Mr. Smith. (Produces the book.) This is the book, and that is the young man I received of the prosecutor.
(The book and note identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I have nothing to say particularly; I rely upon the mercy of the Court; I hope Mr. Smith will recommend me.
Prosecutor. If there was no other circumstance against him, I should be very willing to recommend him; I have come forward only for the sake of public justice; I understand he is well known.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
