





549. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PARKIN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2d of August
 a banknote value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Nott
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  NOTT
               



             sworn. On the second of August between eight and nine o'clock in the evening I was coming up Oxford-road, I was going to the White Horse, Fetter-lane, I enquired for the White Horse, Fetter-lane, one in company with the prisoner said he was just going there. The man I first see and I crossed the road; one of thesepersons that he met on the other side of the road, says, Jack where are you going, he replied I am going into Fetter Lane, and this young man is going into Fetter Lane. I came from Bristol, I had not been in London two months.
Q. After he had said this to these people, did they join company together. - A. Yes, this person said I am going to take part of a pot of beer, will you go with me. This man that I enquired the way of, he said you may as well go and take part of a glass of beer, I at last went with them.
Q. The other two joined you did they. - A. Yes, we went to the Crown in Hog Lane


, it is near Tottenham Court Road.
Q. Then there were three other persons with you, making four in the whole. - A. Yes, they took me through the house into a little dark parlour, and called for a pot of beer, the person I enquired the way of, drank once and gave the pot to me, then the prisoner came in and seemed quite intoxicated in liquor, he says, gentlemen I will toss with you for a five pound or a ten pound note, or what not, or any other sum you please. This person said that I enquired the way of, he was an old farmer and had got plenty of money, we will get his money from him, but I said I would not toss, I had no money to part with; they went on tossing, the four were tossing together, and when the beer came to me again, I said, gentlemen, it will not suit me to stop here, I am not in company that I think will suit me, I will pay my pot and go my way. I took my one pound note out into my hand, I put the note on the table and laid my hand on it, and then this person that sat by me that I asked the way of, damn me, he says, you shall be in it, he lifted my hand up from the note, the halfpenny laid on the table that they were tossing up with, he took and put the halfpenny in his hat and handed my note over to the other notes. I scrambled for my note, but a person shoved me back, he says to this other person, what will you have, at the same time one hand was going that way with the note; the prisoner says tail, and the man that I enquired the way of, says it is a woman by God, the money is all your own; the prisoner took up all the money and run away, he left the room immediately, I jumped over the table and stopped the man who took the money, and that was the prisoner. I took him, he was not gone out of my sight no further than the first door; I took him at the second door to the street. I called the landlord to assist me, but he did not come.
Q. Are you sure that he heard you. - A. I cannot say, the others came out, and there was some papers that passed between them, the prisoner gave them notes, and notes were given by them to the prisoner, I took the prisoner from the house and dragged him into Oxford street; the other men ran down Hog Lane. I dragged the prisoner as far as No. 3, in Oxford road, I made as much noise as I could, but nobody came out of the tap room to assist me.
Q. How far is this house in Hog Lane from Oxford street. - A. Thirty or forty yards. A man then of the name of Eakins assisted me. Then when he found himself overpowered, he threw down five shillings, two sixpences and a half penny, on the pavement, and said that was it. Mr. Eakin's the cheesemonger, desired me to pick it up, I did; Mr. Eakins said this is not the note, I desire you to give the young man the note, he said I will, he took out a ten guinea blank note, and proposed to give it me. I told him to give the note to the cheesemonger, and he refused, he would give it to me, but not to him; then the cheesemonger took it out of his hands.
Q. Did you at last get your one pound note. - A. No, then Crocker came up and took him into custody.
Prisoner. Did not you and three men go out of the house five minutes before me. - A. No.
Q. Did not I come out of the door towards Oxford street where you was. - A. No, I never let loose of you till after I got assistance.
Q. And when the landlord came, says you, you have got a one pound note of mine. - A. The landlord never came, nor the landlady.
Q. Did not you send for the landlord or landlady, to Bow-street. - A. No.
Q. They did come and they were sent for. - A. They did not come by my sending, I saw them there.


                  EDWARD 
                  CROCKER
               



             sworn. I am an officer of Bow-street. I was going up Oxford street, I saw a great mob collected together, I went up and saw the prisoner in custody of the prosecutor, and Mr. Eakins said I am very glad you are come Crocker, Mr. Eakins gave me this blank bill in the presence of the prisoner, he said that he had been taking money from the prosecutor and he had got this blank note from the prisoner.
(The note read in court.)
	N		22, OLD BOND STREET. 
I promise to pay to 		
or bearer, the sum of Ten Guineas;
LONDON, 						day of 	180	


                  William 
                  M' Gordon
               



             		Edward
Crocker. I searched him and found a half guinea and a seven shilling piece. Mr. Jones followed me down to the watch house, thinking to find the companions of this man.
Q. Who keeps the Crown in Hog Lane. - A. It is the King's Head.
Q. Did he shew you the public house. - A. Yes.
Prosecutor. It might be the King's Head, it is the only public house there.
Crocker. It is about twenty yards from Oxford-street on the right hand side.
Prisoner (to Crocker) You was not nigh me when the man snatched that paper from me. - A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw a one pound note, nor never saw the man in my life before, there was nobody in the house but three men that were drinking with him, I do not know him.
(The prisoner produced a paper, which was read in court.
To the Worshipful Recorder of the City of London. The humble Petition of Thomas Parkin.

May it please your Worship, your petitioner has a wife and two small children, and has it not in his power to employ attorney or counsel, your petitioner therefore humbly implores you will grant him every assiance in your power, and your petitioner is in duty bound, ever to pray.


                  THOMAS 
                  PARKIN
               



            .
Q.(to Crocker) Did the prisoner appear when you came up to him as a drunken man - A. Not at all.



               GUILTY
            , aged 60.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
