





592. 
               
                  
                     JULIET 
                     DOVERAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of May
, twelve yards of printed calico, value 30s. the property of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Harvey
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .
JAMES DAVIES sworn. - I am shopman to Mr. Robert Harvey, linen draper
, in Oxford road


: On the 29th of May, the prisoner and another woman came in to look at some handkerchief; I was busy serving in the shop; she then stopped by the side of the counter till I had done, and I shewed her some handkerchiefs; I asked her three shillings and six-pence for one of them; the other said, three shillings was the full value of it; after a word or two, I consented to let her have it at three shillings; I then had a suspicion of the prisoner at the bar, from the appearance of her cloak; one hand was under her cloak, as if she was holding something there; I suspected that she had taken something belonging to my employer; she bought a handkerchief, and while I was putting it up in a paper, I observed her walking off towards the door; I crossed the counter, and before she got to the door, I told her I wanted to speak to her, and took her into the back shop; I told her, she had something belonging to me under her cloak; she said, no, she had nothing belonging to me: I sent to Marlborough-street for an officer; we took her up stairs, and the officer took from her a piece of printed calico, containing twelve yards, I think he found it in her pocket; I had given a lady a pattern of it about a minute before the prisoner came in.(
               
                  Henry 
                  Lovett
               



            , the officer, produced the property.)
Prisoner's defence. I am a servant to General 
               Knox
            , in Fitzroy-square; I bought a piece of calico in Oxford-street, and I shewed it the housekeeper; I said, I should like to buy another, and she said, I had better not, as the summer was almost over; she went with me one evening to buy some handkerchiefs, and I bought this piece of calico, and I put it in my pocket for fear she should be angry with me.
GUILTY, aged 60.
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not privately, in the shop
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
