





596. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     THEW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of August
, a gown, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Maudsley
                  




               
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  MAUDSLEY
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Maudsley
               



            , I live in Panyer-alley, Newgate-street


, my husband is a silk-dyer
: On Monday, the 1st of August, I lost a gown, the prisoner lodged with me about four years ago; about three or four days after, I missed the gown, I went to the prisoner, and asked her if she had seen the gown, and she said, she did not know any thing of it; on the 11th of August, she was taken up for another offence, and when she was searched, the duplicate of my gown was found upon her, I saw it at the pawnbroker's.


                  JAMES 
                  WOODMAN
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, I apprehended the prisoner on Thursday the 11thof August, in Newgate-street; I searched her, and found thirty-four or thirty-five duplicates upon her, one of them relates to this gown, (produces it;) Mrs. Maudsley was with me at the time, we found the gown at the pawnbroker's.


                  Thomas 
                  Newton
               



            , the pawnbroker, was called, but not appearing, his recognizance was ordered to be estreated.
Prosecutrix. I went to the pawnbroker's, in Aldersgate-street, and saw the gown, which I knew to be mine, it is darned in the tail.
Q. Was the gown shewn you upon the production of that duplicate? - A. Yes.
Prisoner's defence. A man desired me to pledge the gown for him, for eleven shillings, which I did, in the name of Jones, and he presented me with the ticket and sixpence.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
