





382. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     YOUNG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3d of May
, a silver watch, value 1 l. and a gold ring, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Archer
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  ARCHER
               



            . The prisoner at the bar came to me last Sunday week about seven o'clock, as I was going to bed very ill; there was she and another girl came in with an excuse for me to mend a pair of shoes against the next morning, for her to go to Billingsgate. I told her she should have them done. My watch and ring laid upon the table; they took them both; I will not be sure which took the ring, whether it was the prisoner or the other person, but I am sure the prisoner took the watch; they took them out of my room and fastened my door; I padlock my door when I go out; I sell shoes; they put the hasp on the staple and fastened me in the room; it was about a quarter of an hour before I could get out, I called to my neighbours some time, at last they heard me and took the hasp off and let me out.
Q. What part of the house do you lodge in. - A. A bottom room.
Q. You knew this woman before. - A. Yes, as a neighbour, I never had any thing to say to her; she brought me a pair of pumps to mend once before, she lived next door to me. After I got out of my house I went to her house to seek her, she was not at home. On Tuesday morning I found her in bed about four o'clock, I went with an officer; she said she knew nothing about the watch. I am sure she took it.
Prisoner. Did not you give me this watch on these terms, for to lay with you. - A. Me want a wife! I am seventy-five, bless my soul, no.
Q. Did not you come in my place and offer me two gowns of your wife's. - A. I did not, there never was such a word spoke.
Court. Well, do not be angry. - A. No, sir, I am not angry, but a man of seventy-five years of age, it makes me shudder.
Q. Have you seen your watch since. - A. Yes, it is here.
MRS. CHANDLER. This young girl brought a watch to me on Sunday night the 3d of May, she asked me to put it by for her for a few minutes. When she came to my house she said it was her mother's.
Q. How far do you live off Mr. Archer's. - A. I cannot tell, I keep the Star and Garter, Whitechapel road. In ten or fifteen minutes she came for it again; it was a silver watch. When she brought it to me I said it was an old antique thing, and I put it in the drawer.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  CHARLTON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, The watch was brought to me on the 4th of May, by a woman much resembling the prisoner, in company with another; I believe the prisoner to be the person to the best of my knowledge; she told me her name was 
               
                  Mary 
                  Archer
               



            . On the back of the watch is the letter A; that gave me reason to suppose it was her husband's; she pawned it with me for fifteen shillings.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. He went to my friends and asked them to make it up, he would scorn to hurt a hair of my head; if they would give him the duplicate he would take any thing in part of payment; my friend gave him a crown piece.


                  JOHN 
                  MITTY
               



            . Please you my lord, the prosecutor was with me three times last week; he said to me provided I could get him his watch he would not trouble his head any further about it; with that I went down to the prisoner at the bar, the duplicate was brought to me; I told him it was out of the girl's power to get the watch out; now I said to him, I will give you part in payment now, and on Saturday I will give you the remainder; I gave him a crown piece; he said I am very happy to think it is all settled.
Prosecutor. It is all a false thing.



               GUILTY
            . aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justise Grose.
