






784. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     JONES
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of October
, one hundred feet of fir timber, value 4s. and fifty feet of oak timber, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Wade
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Port
                  



               
            .
Second Count. Laying it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wade
                  



               
            .


                  LEONARD 
                  LAMMAS
               



             sworn. - I am a constable of the parish of St. Sepulchre's Without


: On the Ist of October, I had information of some people plundering a brewhouse in Three-Fox-court


, belonging to Mr. Wade; I went there between five and six in the evening; it is an empty brewhouse; I saw Clarke in the brewhouse; and Jones was brought to me by Mr. Styles: I kept them in custody, and took them before the Magistrate, and that same evening I took a cart-load of timber from the premises where Clarke worked, in Three-Fox-court; Styles was with me, and Mapham; the timber consisted of fir, and oak, and deal slabs; in Bartholomew-fair week there was a great fall of timber in the brewhouse; I saw styles mark the timber.
Q. Who was it that pulled the timber down? - A. I do not know; we suppose these men; there was a great quantity of it.


                  THOMAS 
                  WADE
               



             sworn. - I am only agent for the proprietors of the premises; I am agent to the estate: These premises belong to 
               
                  Martha 
                  Wade
               



             and Martha Port; I cannot swear to the timber; I can only say that the premises have suffered greatly.
- STILES sworn. - I am a butcher: In Barthoronew-fair week I and three or four more that are here, were in this brewhouse; and I marked, I may safely say,forty pieces of timber of different sizes; I marked them with a knife; there had been a fall of timber, it lay cross-ways, as if the building had been undermined; a great deal had fell: on the Ist of October Styles charged me, in the King's name, to aid and assist him; I saw Jones throw a saw out of the building, and then jump after it himself, and as soon as he was out he made the best of his way off, and I persued him; then he turned round and made a stroke at my leg with the saw, which went under my feet; I gained ground upon him, and struck him with a stick, which was the means of my apprehending him; I secured Clarke also, in the brewhouse; Lammas came to me immediately; I delivered him to Lammas; as soon we had put them in the watch-house, Lammas and I and the patrole went to the house where Jones said he lived, in Three-Fox-court, and found twenty-six pieces of timber; part of it is here; we went that same evening to the house where Carke said he worked, he did not live there; I had seen him at work there, bundling small bundles of wood for lighting fires; it was an empty house that they had taken possession of; Jones told me he was a sawyer: when we came to look it over we found a great number of pieces marked.


                  JOHN 
                  EVANS
               



             sworn. - I live in Fox-court, in a parallel line with the brewhouse: On the 26th of September; I saw Jones carry a great deal of timber out of the brewhouse; I have seen him and Clarke repeatedly, times without number, carrying wood away, and have reproved them many times; I did not take any particular notice when I saw them together; but I have seen Clarke on the premises on the 20th of September; they were joists, and large pieces of girders.
Court. (To Mr. Wade.) Mr. Wade, you have charged this as a joint taking, whereas the evidence is, that the one has taken at one time, and the other at another; you must now make your election against which you will go -
Mr. Wade. I will go against Clarke, then.
Evans. I saw Clarke, on the 20th of September, carrying timber out,of the brewhouse; some person inside handed it out, and he carried it away.
Q. How came you not to have him apprehended? - A. There was nobody came forward to prosecute, nobody took notice of it; it was nobody's business.
Q. The fall you speak of was accidental, was it not? - A. No; the girders were all sawed off close to the wall, and so let down by villainy.
(Styles produces one of the pieces of timber found in the house in which Clarke worked.) I am certain this is one of the pieces that I marked; Clarke has claimed the horses that he cut the wood up upon; and that he tied the bundles up with; he claimed them himself at Hatton-garden, and had them from us.
Clarke's defence. On the Ist of October the boys in the brewhouse were throwing stones, and to prevent their breaking my windows, I went into the brewhouse to drive them away (it is an open place and has been for these two years) when this gentleman came and laid hold of me; I have lived twenty-one years there, and never had a stain in my character. Jones, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Clarke, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 48.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  THOMPSON
               



            .
