






422. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TAGG
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of April
, an umbrella, value 6s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jervis 
                     Wells
                  




               
            .


                  JERVIS 
                  WELLS
               



             sworn. - I am a Venetian-blind maker
, and live in Piccadilly


: On Monday se'nnight, as I was at dinner with my family, between one and two, I lost my umbrella, I did not see it taken.



                  ANN 
                  SANDWICH
               



             sworn. - I was sitting at dinner, and saw the prisoner, Tagg, take the umbrella, it was hanging upon a nail within-side the shopdoor; I am sure the prisoner is the man, an officer went after him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON
               



             sworn. - I am one of the patrols of the parish of St. James's: On the 13th of April, a little after one o'clock in the day, coming from the watch-house into Piccadilly, I saw the prisoner, Williams, standing at a silversmith's door, he seemed very attentive, looking down Piccadilly; I watched him, and observed Tagg coming out of the prosecutor's shop, with an umbrella, and the little one, Williams, immediately joined him; he gave Williams the umbrella in the middle of Piccadilly, and ran down Derby-court, which is no thoroughfare; he threw the umbrella away upon a dunghill, and I took hold of him immediately; Rice Evans took the other prisoner.


                  RICE 
                  EVANS
               



             sworn. - I was with Wilson: I pursued, and apprehended the prisoner Tagg.
Wells. This is my umbrella, it has my own hand-writing upon it.
The prisoners did not say any thing in their defence. Tagg, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.
Williams, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 16.





               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
