





451. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MILLER
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for feloniously stealing, on the 14th of April
, a woman's silk bonnet, value 10s. three men's hats, value 20s. and a hunting cap unfinished, value 6s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Larkin
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Dunnage
                  



               
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  THOMAS 
                  BENNETT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I was in the employ of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Larkin
               



            ; and 
               
                  George 
                  Dunnage
               



            : On Saturday the 12th of April, I had a woman's silk bonnet sent up to me to be finished; I finished it, and left it in the workshop when I went to dinner, and when I came back it was gone.


                  THOMAS 
                  LARKIN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am in partnership with 
               
                  George 
                  Dunnage
               



            , we keep a silk hat manufactory

 in the Strand


: I missed a bonnet; after some search, I found it under the grate of the copper; I put a mark upon it, T. L. with a pencil, and placed 
               
                  William 
                  Butcher
               



             to watch; I then got a search-warrant, which was executed on Monday morning the 14th of April, between seven and eight o'clock; we found the prisoner in bed, there were two bedsteads in the room; upon taking down the other bedstead we found three hats, and a cap unfinished; after that, we found the bonnet at Mrs. Sang's, the wife of Mr. Sang, who keeps a music-shop in Oxford-street; I went there by the direction of the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUTCHER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am shopman to Mr. Larkin; I was sent to watch; about six o'clock, when the men leave their work, I saw the prisoner come into the room and take out a white handkerchief, or a cloth, he knelt down upon one knee, and took the bonnet from under the grate of the copper; I was concealed behind some silk, he could not observe me; he then went away with it, and I informed Mr. Duunage.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You don't know who put the bonnet there? - A. No.


                  ARCHIBALD 
                  RUTHVEN
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: On Monday the 14th of April, I went with Mr. Larkin to the prisoner's lodgings, No. 1, Garden-court, Standgate; I went into the right-hand room, and there was a woman; Mr. Larkin said, how do you do, Mrs. Miller; I turned to the left, and there was Miller in bed; before he got up I searched his clothes, and in his coat-pocket I found a pocket-book, containing twelve duplicates, all for hats; while I was looking at them he made a snatch, and made towards the fire, but I secured them; I searched the room, and just at the right of his bedstead was another bedstead turned up; his wife said, in his hearing, do not look there, there is nothing but foul linen; I said, I am a married man and I shall look; when I opened it, I saw these three hats, and this cap unfinished; I pulled them out; he begged very hard, and said it was distress made him doin he cried very much, and I took him to Bow-street.
Mr. Alley. Q. Was there no inducement held out to him, that he should be forgiven if he confessed? - A. None; I went by Mr. Larkin's directions to Mr. Sang's, in Oxford-street, where I found this bonnet; I did not hear the prisoner say any thing about it.(
               
                  Deborah 
                  Sang
               



             was called upon her recognizance).(The property was deposed to by Mr. Larkin.)
Prisoner's defence. I don't know any thing of the bonnet.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 32.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
