






114 
               
                  JOHN 
                  TURNER
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of November
, fifty three pounds a weight of Indigo, value 20 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Coles
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Coles
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Coles
                  



               
            .
The Indictment was read by Mr. Gurney and the case was stated by Mr. Pooley.
CHARLES COLE, Mr. (Gurney,) What is the name of your partners. - A. William and 
               
                  George 
                  Coles
               



            ; I live in Scot's Yard, the warehouse is in St. Dunstan's Hill


.
Q. I believe you are brokers as well as indigo merchants


. - A. Yes. The prisoner was our warehouseman
, he had been with us better than two years; he had the entire care of the warehouse; at all times there was Indigo in the warehouse.
Q. Was the prisoner authorised to sell any indigo on your account. - A. On no occasion whatever.
Q. What quantity were you in the habit of selling. - A. seventy or eighty pound was the smallest quantity.
Q. You would not be in the habit of selling it in a box of 25 lb. - A. No, he was not authorised to sell any quantity.
Q. Have you missed a considerable quantity of indigo. - A. We have.
Q. When did the Prisoner cease to be in your employ. - A. About the latter end of November.
Cross examined by Mr. Knapp, I understood from my learned friend, in his opening the case, he stated to the jury that the prisoner was arrested by you. -
A. He was.
Q. Did not the subject for action form the subject for debt. - A. No, I discharged the debt and pursued the other object.
Q. What salary was it the prisoner had. - A. The salary was depending upon his merits we took him in a as distressed man.
Q. Has he received any Salary from you. - A. There is an open account, he has not disbursed the amount he received.


                  THOMAS 
                  SKINNER
               



            , (Mr. Pooley.) Q. You are a porter belonging to Messrs Coles. - A. yes, the prisoner was warehouseman there.
Q. On the 21st of November last was there any indigo packed up by you by his order. - A. The prisoner packed it in the warehouse, it was on Saturday. I do not know what day it was weigh'd after it was pack'd, the prisoner packed it in two deal boxes, I weighed them by his order; one of them weighed about 27 pounds and the other 24 or 25 pounds, this indigo was packed in Messrs Coles warehouse, St. Dunstan's Hill, they were hasped down and sent from the warehouse the same day. I carried them to Mr. 
               Read
             the Vauxhall errand carter by Turner's order.


                  JAMES 
                  READ
               



             (Mr. Gurney,) I believe you drive the errand cart of Lambeth and Vauxhall. - A. I do.
Q. Do you remember taking any box on the latter end of November from Messrs Coles warehouse. - A. I remember taking some boxes I received from Skinner's hands; I took them to No. 10, Paradise Row, Lambeth; I received an order at the booking house. I called for them, Mr. Turner gave me a list of the articles I put in the cart to give to the person to whom I delivered them for the person to see they were right. I was to deliver the paper at Paradise Row.
Q What Number of boxes did you take. - A. I think there were two boxes and two or three little articles in paper, I left them at No. 10, Paradise Row.
Court. Can you by any accident tell us the day. - A. No I cannot.
Mr. Gurney, was that the house that you had taken any parcels to by the Prisoners directions before. - A. Yes, one or two articles two or three months before, the same as I do for any other Gentleman.
Q. Were you directed afterwards to call for these articles and to take them any where else. A. I was directed to take them to the other end of the town, whether it was a week or a month afterwards I have not the recollection.
Q. Did you say you was directed to go to the same house in Paradise Row to receive the same boxes. - A. yes, I received three boxes and three parcels in a bag to bring to No. 23, in the Old Change.
Q. Did two of these boxes seem to be the same boxes you had taken before. A. I do not know, they seemed to be the same size, my wife was with me part of the way. I have seen Mr. Turner, of St. Dunstan's hill, at the house in Paradise Row and two women.
Court. You mean the Prisoner. - A. Yes.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  READ
               



            , (Mr. Pooley) Q. you are the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Read
               



            . A. Yes, I accompany my husband with the Cart. Q. Do you recollect, in November, going to St. Dunstan's hill. - A. Yes, we went to Mr. Cole's warehouse there; two boxes were delivered to my husband I was not present then, I was gone of an errand, I was present when they were delivered in Paradise Row, No. 10; Beazley is on the door.
Q. Do you recollect calling any time at Paradise row to take any boxes. A. Yes, but I cannot say how long after, we took them in the Cart at Paradise row, we took three boxes, a bag, and two small parcels, two of them seemed to be of the same size as we carried to St. Dunstan's hill to Paradise row. We took them to No. 23, Old Change; the direction No. 23, Old Change was on the same paper as the number of the articles were.
Cross Examined by Mr. Gleed, you were not present when the boxes were delivered at St. Dunstan's Hill. - A. No I was not.
Q. There were some boxes delivered at Mrs. Beazley's house. - A. Yes.
Q. The Prisoner at the bar you never saw upon the occasion. - A. I did not.
Q. Therefore when some boxes, at some time after were delivered to you of which you cannot ascertain the time they were delivered, the prisoner at the bar was not there, he could not deliver the boxes to you. - A. No, Sir, nor do I know that I should know Mr. Turner if I was to see him.
BROOK ROBINS, (Mr. Gurney,) do you live at No. 23, in the Old Change. - A. I do, I am a dealer in damaged Cottons.
Q. Have you for some time past known the prisoner, Turner - A. About two years and a quarter.
Q. In the latter end of the month of November, did you receive any boxes containing Indigo. - A.Yes three.
Q. Did they contain Indigo, or one of them Indigo-dust. - A. One Indigo dust and two Indigo.
Q. What else came with them. - A. About eighteenpounds of East India Indigo, about 18 pounds of Gum, and twenty one pounds of Cotton; I received these on the 27th of November,
Q. Did you receive any letter with them. - A. I received a letter previous to that.
Q. In whose hand writing is that letter. - A. Mr. Turners, I have seen him write, I know his hand writing.
Q. Is that letter destroyed, - A. Turner destroyed that letter himself, I saw him destroy it.
O. What was the contents of that letter, - A. It mentioned the particulars of the goods, and that I was to dispose of them in the best way I could and he would give me a commission for selling them; this was on Friday the 27th of November.
O. On the Monday following did you receive another letter from him. - A. Yes.
O. Is that letter dated the 30th, Yes, It is Turner's hand writing, read), Dear Sir, I particularly request to see you as soon as possible at No. 5, Edward Street Black Friars, I am yours sincerely, J. Turner, directed Mr. T. Robins, No. 23, Old Change.
O. Did you go to that house described in that letter. - A. I did it was a lock up house, he was then under an arrest, he said nothing that day respecting these goods. I received another letter on the next day, I think it was Tuesday night, the conversation past respecting this Indigo. I told him I had weighed the things, I took out the letter I received from him specifying of the things; I told him they weighed more than that letter expressed by two or three pounds or more, I said then that I had sent two of the boxes off to Mr. Woodward, he said he was very glad that I thought of it, he told me to send them all off.
Q. What became of that letter that you shewed him that specified about it. - A. He put it into the fire and burnt it, saying, it was of no use now.
Q. How soon afterwards did you see the Prisoner again - A. I think he sent for me again the next day. I do not recollect any thing more that past about the Indigo.
Q. You tell me that you sent two of these boxes to Mr. Woodward, how long did they remain there. - A. About two days. On the Thursday I was taken in custody, the boxes were fetched back again by my wife after I was in custody.
Cross examined, by Mr. Knapp. You carry on a new trade in the City of London, a dealer in damaged Cottons and occasionally any thing that comes to your hand. - A. If I understand the articles.
Q. You are a general dealer, and take any thing that is brought - A. No, if I am not disposed to buy it I do not, if I am disposed to buy it I buy it.
Q. Without making any inquiries. - A. I buy every thing in the regular market.
Q Yes, and buy them as cheap as you can. Did you ever say a word about this before you was taken up, put in custody, and likely to be tried yourself for this offence. - A. I do not know that I mentioned it to any body before I was apprehended


                  MARY 
                  WARREN
               



            . (Mr Pooley), You are servant to Mr. Robins - A. Yes.
Q.(To Read) Do you know her. - A. Yes.
Q.(To Mary Warren). Did you receive any box from him. - A. I did on a Friday the latter end of November, the day of the month I cannot say, he brought them with his errand cart. I received of him two boxes, two small parcels, and a small long bag, at Mr. Robins's house in the old change.
Q.(To Read), Is that the person you delivered them to. - A.- It is, to the best of my knowledge.


                  RICHARD 
                  WOODWARD
               



            . (Mr. Gurney.) Where do you live. - A. No. 53, Watling Street.
Q. On Tuesday, the first of December, did you receive any boxes of Indigo from Mr. Robins. - A. Yes, I received the boxes, I did not know what they contained. Wright, his Porter, brought them me, afterwards they were taken back by Wright.


                  JAMES 
                  WRIGHT
               



             (Mr. Gurney), were you Porter to Mr. Robins, - A. Yes.
Q. Did you take two boxes to Woodwards's house. - A. I did, and in two days afterwards I brought them back, I left them in the Warehouse.
Q. Did you afterwards open them. - A. Yes, by my mistresses order. They contained indigo, there was a box of Indigo dust besides. I put the Indigo into a small bag by my mistresses order, I buried it in the cellar, and the Indigo dust I put among the ashes. My mistress ordered me to split up the boxes and give them her to burn, I did.
Q. Do you know where these boxes came from. - A. No. I was not in the warehouse when they were brought in; the boxes that I delivered to Mr. Woodward were the same that I broke up.
Q.(To 
               
                  Mary 
                  Warren
               



            ), Were these the boxes that were taken from the errand cart that were broken up. - A. Yes.


                  DANIEL 
                  CARTWRIGHT
               



             (Mr Pooley), You are a city constable. - A. Yes, I produce the Indigo. I found the bag in Mr. Robins's cellar about four feet under ground under some rubbish in a hole dug, Mr. Robins's Porters hewed me where it was.
Q (To Prosecutor), Is that such indigo as you had in your warehouse. - A. It is such Indigo as we lost - it is worth nine or ten shillings a pound, we never gave him any authority to sell any Indigo.
Prisoners Defence, My lord understanding that, although I have a Solicitor and Counsel, who are fully informed of the subject, yet it will be expected that I should make my defence. Feeling a consciousness of the falsehood of the allegation might over power me, I have determined to commit to writing this my solemn declaration. Although Messrs. Coles's business was regulated by method, yet it was in a great measure left to my discretion, I acted the best I could for them, but having entered into no specific agreement with them, I certainly considered, I had a right to reimbursement by every emolument. Under these circumstances, for near two years and a half, I had the uncontrouled management of their concern, wherein I had from seventy thousand to an hundred pound's worth of goods under my care. Surely then it could not be imagined that I could deem it worth while to commit the offence which I am charged and to which there could be no temptation. I was asked for an account, I rendered one, I wished the prosecutors to fill up the blanks with the sums which I considered my due; however, as far as it was I considered itacquiescent. I continued to pay and receive as usual, I was not charged with any omission or I should have answered any question that might have been stated. I was proceeding to wind up every transaction when I was apprehended in my chamber by a writ for 500 and the same day and following I could obtain no satisfaction for their extraordinary conduct, nor could I discover there was any criminal action against me. They made use of an engine to extort confession when I was under arrest, to which I was a stranger: their evidence has been obtained through terror. I utterly disclaim the charge and proclaim my innocence. I rely on the liberality of this court to save me from the power of wealth and the violence of wrong.
The prisoner called two witnsses who gave him a good character.
COURT, Every man found in possession of stolen goods, it becomes him to say where he got them from, the possession of stolen property, in law the presumption is that his hand is the hand that has stolen it. You have heard a long defence, and not a word in answer to the charge.



               GUILTY
            , aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London, jury, before Mr. Recorder.
