





248. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH WILLIAM 
                     DANIEL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 10th of March
, eighteen silver tea spoons, value 4 l. 6 s. fourteen silver salt spoons, value 2 l. 13 s. four silver mustard ladles, value 15 s. three pair of silver sugar tongs, value 3 l. 15 s. and forty-two ounces weight of silver, value 11 l. 9 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Eaton
                        




                     
                   in his dwelling house
            .
The case was stated by Mr. Gurney.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EATON
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are a working silversmith
. - A. I am, I live in Addle-street


.
Q. The prisoner I believe has been some time past in your employ as a clerk
. - A. Yes.
Q. Have you observed during his service that there were any deficiency in your silver. - A. Yes, I had spoken to him many a time on that subject, his answer was that it was very strange that there was not more silver come out of the shop.
Q. That was the top shop. - A. That was the shop that I did not keep any account against; there was one shop that I did and one that I did not.
Q. Who had the care of that shop. - A. No one particular, no farther than I trusted the prisoner to look after the silver when I was absent.
Q. Had he mentioned any thing respecting any other person looking after the melting pot. - A. My son attended the melting pot, I used to find it very deficient.
Q. On the 10th of March had the prisoner been out on your business. - A. Yes.
Q. On his return, did he bring you home four silver spoons wrapped up in paper. - A. Yes, he brought them from a shop for orders.
Q. On your opening that paper in which the spoons were, did you find any thing. - Q. Yes, some silver filings; when I found the filings it rather alarmed me, I asked the prisoner how these filings came in the paper, he said he could not tell exactly, except it was from the workmen, which he was in the habit of going several times to the workmen to take the silver in and out, and bringing the silver in his pocket, he said that might be the case; I said it could not be so, for I had never met with such an accident since I had been in business; I askked him what he had in his pocket, he then pulled out some silver filings.
Q. Was that the same paper from which he had taken out the spoons. - A. No.
Q. What quantity might it be. - A. It might be worth about four pence.
Q. Was that before the constable came. - A. Yes, I went for a constable, the constable came and searched him, and in his right hand pocket he pulled out a pocket book, and in the pocket book were more silver filings; my son stood by, he immediately asked him to go up stairs, he went up stairs with my son, and in the prisoner's hearing, my son said the prisoner had confessed of taking the things away, and if I would forgive him he would bring all the things back; I said I shall say nothing to that, I must first have what you have taken.
Q. Did you go with the constable to his lodgings. A. Yes, I there found eighteen silver tea spoons, fourteen silver salt spoons, four silver mustard ladles, three pair of silver sugar tongs, and forty-two ounces weight of silver filings; they were wrapped up in different papers.
Q. Did he state to you whether they were yours. A. Yes, when he went up into the room he unlocked the box and took out the different articles, and said they were my property; he gave them to me, I laid them on the table, they were delivered to the constable.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PAUL
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are a constable. - A. Yes, I went with the prosecutor to the prisoner's lodgings, I produce the property.
(The property identified by the prosecutor.)
Mr. Alley. Q. (to prosecutor) You have no partner. - A. No.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, and called no witnesses to character.
GUILTY, aged 22.




               Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
