





595. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WHEELER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 29th of September
, three ducks, value 4 s. and a drake value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Matthews
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MATTHEWS
               



             sworn. I live at Islington


, I am a gardner
. On the 29th of September, about five o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner stand by the door of the privy, which is within twelve yards of my house; I saw another man crossing the yard, coming towards me, with the ducks in a bag, I opened the chamber window (which rather alarmed them) and called my brother, I told him to get up and run down stairs to stop them; when I called my brother out of bed I told him I saw some people in the garden, they began to run, I saw another man come out of the privy.
Q. What house does your brother sleep in. - A. We both sleep in one bed; my brother ran down stairs and then he and I pursued them.
Q. Which did you take. - A. I took this man at the bar.
Q. Are you sure that he is one of the men that you saw at the privy. - A. Yes.
Q. How far was he from the privy when you took him. - A. About two or three hundred yards.
Q. Was he running. - A. He was running when we pursued him, but when we got up to him he got up to a corner as if to hide himself.
Q. Did you see the other men run. - A. Yes, they were running on when he stood at the corner; I took the prisoner up into Lower-street, Islington, and there I saw Austin, the watchman; I being in my shirt, I insisted on him taking this man to the watchhouse, he and my brother took him to thewatchhouse, in the mean time he was taken to the watchhouse, I went home and I saw I had missed three ducks and a drake.
Q. They had no bag with them when they went off. - A. No, they stuck the bag in the privy, when they run off; in the mean time I was going up to the watchhouse to tell him what I had lost; the watchman came down to see what I had lost, and my brother found I had lost three ducks and a drake, they were stuck in the privy.


                  JOHN 
                  MATTHEWS
               



             sworn. Q. You are a gardener too. - A. Yes.
Q. You pursued the prisoner, did your brother. - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see the prisoner in the privy. - A. Yes.
Q. Are you sure of the man. - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see him come out of the privy. - A. Yes.
Q. Was Austin with you when you looked down the privy. - A. Yes, I looked down the privy, and saw three ducks in a bag down the privy, and the drake was down in the privy, but not in the bag.
Q. Were they your brother's ducks. - A. Yes, I had seen them in coop, that night, I brought them up, and I know them by their feathers.
Cross-examined by Mr. Arabin.
Q. What time was this. - A. One o'clock in the morning.
Q. Was it very dark. - A. It was a very clear morning.
Court. Did you say it was one o'clock. - A. No, five, I made a mistake.
Mr. Arabin. Your brother called you up, you were half a sleep and saw double. - A. No I was not.


                  WILLIAM 
                  AUSTIN
               



             sworn. I am a watchman, I produce the ducks, I searched down the privy, and these are the ducks that I brought out; they have never been out of my possession.
(The ducks identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence. On the 29th of September, which was quarter day, returning down that place, I went to the privy, but I never went into the privy; I never was in the place at all, I only stopped to make water, this man came and laid hold of me, and said you know where my ducks are, I said no, I do not; at the watchhouse, the constable wanted to discharge me, but he said he would not. In about half an hour afterwards he went and found where they were. I knew nothing about them.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character,



               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Rooke.
