





218. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     ALDRIDGE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of December
, a handkerchief, value 1s. 6d. and a flannel waistcoat, value 6d. the property of 
                     
                        Mark 
                        Wood
                     



                  ; a pair of scissars, value 6d. six pair of stockings, value-4s. a waistcoat, value 6d. a pair of mitts, value 5s. a tippet, value 4s. two cloaks, value 8s. and two gowns, value 8s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lacon
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  LACON
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 19, Berkeley-square


, and am a ladies hair-dresser
: the prisoner lived with me a fortnight as a servant
; Mrs. Lacon went into Yorkshire, and took the children with her; I bought some black cotton stockings for the children; when the person called for them, he said, I had taken seven pair; I said it was possible in my hurry; I enquired if any body had meddled with the bundle; they denied it; the stockings were found under her bed.


                  ANN 
                  MILLS
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Lacon: On the 15th of December, going to bed, I was looking about, and under the prisoner's bed, between the sacking and the bed, I found a dress of my mistress's, and in that another, a cloak and a pair of black stockings; I lay in the same room, but not in the same bed; another servant slept with me. - (The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner. Q. Did I not put them under my head for a pillow? - A. I cannot say.


                  JOHN 
                  LEMAIRE
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Wood, who lodges with Mr. Lacon: On the 16th I met the prisoner after she was discharged; she asked me if I would look under Col. Wood's bed for a bundle, and take it to her in the Square; I asked her if it belonged to her; she said, yes, except the handkerchief they were tied in; I told Colonel Wood of it, and we examined the bed; between the mattress and bed we found several pair of children's stockings, which were owned by Mr. Lacon.
Prisoner's defence. Those things were in the room when I went there; Colonel Wood asked for another pillow; I lent him mine, and took the bundle for a pillow, but did not know what was in it. 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
