





619. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ANDERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2nd of August
, a bank note, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Smith
                  



               
            .
Second count for like offence, the property of 
               
                  
                     Hugh 
                     Chessley
                  



               
            .
The indictment was read by Mr. Bosanquet, and the case was stated by Mr. Abbot.


                  THOMAS 
                  KING
               



            . - Mr. Myers. You are an officer employed in the bank - A. Yes.
Q. What is that note that you have in your hand - mention the number and the date - A. No. 8365, dated 29th of March, 1808; the cashier's name is so torn that I cannot tell it; it is of the value of five pounds; it was paid in the bank of England on the 6th of August.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. I take it for granted your cash book speaks to all the notes that are taken in the bank - A. Yes.
COURT. Did you make the entry yourself in the book - A. No.
That is no evidence when it was paid in.


                  ROBERT 
                  SMITH
               



            . - Mr. Bosanquet. You are a surgeon
 in Sloane street, Knightsbridge - A. Yes.
Q. Did you remit any money to Mr. Chessley on the 2nd of August last - A. I did; a five pound note; I put it into a letter, directed to Mr. Chessley, on the 2nd of August; I took the description of the note at the time.
"No. 8365, dated the 29th of March, 1808; signed A. Hooper." I directed the letter to Mr. Chessley, No. 222, Shoreditch; I gave that letter to my servant 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Grimwood
               



             to put into the post.
Q. Did you seal the letter - A. I sealed it or wafered it.
Q. Do you know the note - A. I could not swear to it; I only know the number.
Q. Look at the note and see whether it corresponds with the description you took - A. The name of the cashier is torn off; the number corresponds, and the date.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. I understood you to say you cannot swear to the note except from the corresponding date or number; now for any thing you know there may be two notes of the same date and number - A. Yes, there may.
Mr. Abbot. We are certain to the contrary.
Mr. Knapp. Indeed, it has been proved.
COURT. You must have somebody from the bank to decide that.


                  STEPHEN 
                  GRIMWOOD
               



            . - Mr. Bosanquet. You are a servant of the last witness, Mr. Smith, of Sloane street - A. Yes.
Q. Did you on the 2nd of August receive any letter to put into the post - A. Yes; it was directed to Mr. Chessley, Shoreditch; I took it into Mr. Blackburn's shop, Knightsbridge, the post office, I put it on the counter by the side of some other letters; Mr. Blackburn was in the shop himself; the box was emptied; it was between five and six o'clock in the evening.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. You remember particularly this letter - A. Yes.
Q. Are we to understand you that you remember every letter your master gives you - A. No.
Q. Your memory is helped by being told that this letter was lost - A. No.
COURT. How long after was it that you heard this letter was lost - A. A week.


                  HUGH 
                  CHESSLEY
               



            . - Mr. Myers. Where do you live A. In Shoreditch.
Q. Did you on the 3d of August receive a letter from Mr. Smith containing a five pound bank note - A. I did not.
Q. Did you ever receive a letter containing that bank note - A. I have not.


                  JOHN 
                  BLACKBURN
               



            . - Mr. Abbot. Where do you live - A. I live at Knightsbridge; I keep a receiving house for twopenny post letters and I retail newspapers.
Q. Was 
               
                  George 
                  Anderson
               



             in your employ on the 2nd of August - A. He was; he had been in my employ one year and a half, his business was to retail newspapers for me, to carry them to my customers, and fetching them from the printer's.
Q. In what place are the letters sorted that are put into your house - A. It is not the customary thing, or at least they ought not, to be sorted in the shop; they are to be sorted at the office in the back part of my house.
Q. Had the prisoner any thing to do in carrying them to the back part of the house, or to sort them - A. He used to make it his business to carry them into the backoffice for the postman.
Q. Did he do that on the 2nd of August - A. He did.
Q. On the 4th of August did you give him any money for any purpose - A. I did; about six o'clock in the morning I gave him a two pound note, and two one pound notes, making four pound together for the purpose of paying three pound five shillings and one penny at the Times office for newspapers.
Q. Did he go out for that purpose - A. He did.
Q. When he returned did he deliver you the change - A. He was to go and buy the newspapers, deliver them, and then deliver me the change; he brought me back fourteen shillings and eleven pence.
Mr. Knapp. How long has this lad been with you - A. A year and a half.
Q. Did he come with a good character - A. He did, and I never had a ground of complaint against him; I once gave him a pound too much, he brought it me back again.
- PHILLIP. I am the publisher of the Times newspaper.
Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. Perfectly well, by his being in the habit of coming for Mr. Blackburn's papers in the morning.
Q. Do you recollect his coming on the 4th of August - A. I cannot say.
Q. Just look at your book, and let me know what the amount of Mr. Blackburn's newspapers came to on the 4th of August - A. Three pounds five shillings and one penny. That note is the note I took on the 4th of August for them papers; I have marked it 4th of August, 8 for 1808. Bkburn abbreviated for Blackburn.
Q. Are you sure that you delivered the newspapers and change to the person that brought you that note - A. I am not sure that I delivered the change and the papers to the prisoner, but to the person that brought me the note most assuredly I did.
Mr. Knapp. Whether that was the prisoner or not you will not undertake to swear - A. I will not undertake to swear positively.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Heath.
