





378. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SPILSBURY, alias 
MATILDA BODMAN





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of February
, four yards of tiffany, value 10s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Bossam
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  CATHERINE 
                  BOSSAM
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Bossam
               



            , I am a milliner; it is a private house, there were workmen in the house, and the door was open for them.
Q. People must knock at the door to come in? - A. Yes; the prisoner came into the parlour, and asked me if she had left some sarsnet, a few days back, to make a bonnet; I told her, no; there was a milliner's a few doors lower, it might be there; she thanked me, and went out; about half an hour after she was gone, I missed four yards of tiffany from the table; she was in the parlour some minutes before I knew it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I keep the shop below stairs, in the same house, with Mrs. Bossam: I took the prisoner to Bow-street for another offence, and while she was there, she asked leave to go into the yard, one of my young women attended her; and when she came back, I went to examine the privy, and found this tiffany. (Produces it).
Mrs. Bossam. This is my tiffany, I know it to be mine, the selvages were all cut off, and one end cut across, by which I can sweat to it; I am sure it was upon the table when the prisoner came in.
Prisoner's defence. I never knew any thing of the tiffany.
GUILTY, aged 59.




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
