





240. 
               
                  
                     RACHEL 
                     MATHEWS
                  




               
             was indicated for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of January
, a canvas purse, value 1d. four guineas, two half-guineas, a seven-shilling-piece, and two half-crowns
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cable
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM CABLE sworn. - I work at sawing and day portering
: On Sunday night, the 18th of January, between seven and eight o'clock, I had been at the bottom of Gravel-lane to see a friend of mine, and as I was coming home, I met the prisoner at the corner of Saltpetre-bank.
Q. Were you sober? - A. Yes, quite sober; she said, who do you do, my dear; and I said, how do you do; says she, will you give me something to warm me; no, I says, I shall not; she asked me several times, and I would not; I then gave her two penny pieces to get her a glass of gin, and then I felt her pulling my money out of my breeches pocket; I did not feel her put in her hand. but I felt her take it out, and I laid hold of her, and directly her hand was out of my pocket, I said, she had got my money; she said, she had not; I then took her into a chandler's shop opposite, and I told the man of the shop, 
               
                  Robert 
                  Shaw
               



            , that she had robbed me, and what money she had in her hand was mine; she would not let me have it; I sent for a constable, he persuaded her to give it me again, and she would not; he opened her hand, and then took it away from her; there were four guineas, two half-guineas, a seven-shilling piece, and two half-crowns; I had put it in my pocket that same morning, I felt it there several times in the course of the day; It was delivered to the constable with the prisoner; after I came back from the watch-house, I found the purse in the road.
Q.Was there any mark upon the money, by which you should know it? - A. It was turned of a different colour, being to long in my pocket, and sweating.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not prostitute my bodyand give me the money, saying, they were halfpence? - A. No; I had no connection with her at at all, I was not with her three minutes.
Court. Q. Did you give her the money? - A. No, I did not.
ROBERT SHAW sworn. - I keep a chandler's shop, facing Saltpetre-bank: On Sunday night, the 18th of last month, a little before eight o'clock the last witness brought the prisoner into my shop; he had hold of her hands; he charged her with robbing him of four guineas, two half-guineas, one seven-shilling-piece, and two half-crowns; she said, did not you make use of my body for it; and he said, no; she kept her hand shut; she did open it once, so that I saw there was money in her hand, but I did not see what; I then sent for a constable.
Q. Was Cable in liquor, or sober? - A. He appeared quite sober; the constable desired her to lay the money down, and she would not; he opened her hand, and took out four guineas, two half-guineas, one seven-shilling-piece, and two half-crowns; she had some in both hands; I took care of the money till I went before the Magistrate the next day, and then the officer took it; his name is Phillips.(
               
                  John 
                  Phillips
               



            , the officer, produced the money, and deposed, that the prisoner told him cable had given her the money for sixpenney-worth of halfpence.)
Cable. I can swear to the purse, and the money looks different from guineas in general.
Prisoner's defence. This man asked me if he should go home with me, and he went with me into the entry, and gave me every farthing of that money. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
