






164. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HOLMES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BRANBEED
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of January
, two bags, value 1 s. and forty-five pounds weight of feathers, value 1 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Kent
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Abbott 
                     Kent
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Luck
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Samuel-Luck 
                     Kent
                  



               
            .
(The case stated by Mr. Gurney.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  KENT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are upholsterers and carpet manufacturers



 in London-wall


? - A. Yes; the two prisoners were both in our employ as feathermen

; Holmes was foreman; Branbeed had been in our employ thirteen months, and Holmes came in our employ on the 14th of January last; Holmes engaged in our service for a guinea a week; Holmes said to me, are there no perquisites; I immediately replied, I never allowed perquisites to any feather-man, but if he behaved himself well he should not want encouragement in our employment.
Q. Did they both continue in your employment down to the 28th of January? - A. They did.
Q. On that evening did Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Smith
               



             bring in any bag of feathers into your warehouse? - A. He came and gave some information, but did not bring the feathers; I saw him on the 29th, when he sent the bag of feathers by his porter; I believe one of the bags is the property of me and my partners; the feathers in these two bags were of various sorts, but principally Hudson's Bay feathers.
Q. Upon this did you cause the prisoners to be apprehended? - A. Yes; I went with my solicitor on Wednesday to the Mansion-house, and on Thursday morning we had them apprehended at our warehouse; they were taken before the Lord-Mayor, and the bags likewise; after they were examined before the Lord-Mayor, Holmes said, I could not discover the loss; they found these there, and they were not taken down in stock, they were drivings.
Q. Are these drivings in this paper? - A. Yes, they are worth a penny a pound, they are the mere refuse of the feathers; there is a larger refuse, called strippings, worth about the same value.
Q. Were the feathers which you had before the Lord-Mayor, which Mr. Smith had brought you, at all like strippings or drivings? - A. Not at all; I should not hesitate giving two shillings a pound for them of any merchant, mixed as they are; Hudson's bay feathers are worth three shillings and threepence a pound, if they are not mixed.
Q. After this examination before the Lord-Mayor, did you proceed to examine your stock to see if there was any deficiency? - A. Yes; we took stock on the 15th of January, and after the examination before the Lord-Mayor we took stock again, and the deficiency was between seventy and eighty pounds, but we deducted something from that, because a quantity had been cured - about twenty pounds, which is included in the first statement; then it makes the deficiency about fifty or sixty pounds. Mr. Smith brought us from forty to forty-five pounds, and a third at least, if not half, is Hudson's bay feathers, and we found a deficiency of twenty-seven pounds of Hudson's bay feathers.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Drivings and strippings we understand to be the refuse of the feathers, and are never for sale - they are perquisites for the men? - A. I believe it is the case with some persons to allow it to the men, but we do not.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. I believe you keep a feather warehouse in Goswell-street? - A. Yes: On the evening of the 28th of January the prisoners at the bar brought two bags of feathers, and said they were drivings; when I looked at them I asked them if they were their perquisites; they said they were; I said, if it is a perquisite, it is a very good one; I said, what do you ask for them; they said, tenpence a pound; I knew Branbeed perfectly well, he worked at Messrs. Kent's, but the other I never saw in my life; I said, they are pretty good, I will give younine-pence, the bargain was struck directly; we weighed them, the gross weight, with the bags, was fifty-six pounds, and then I said, what must we take off for the tare of the bags; Holmes said, I believe they must weigh ten pounds; I said, that is forty-six pounds, and forty-six pounds I paid for: I gave one pound fourteen shillings and sixpence to Holmes; he gave me change for a two pound note; I said, I am in a great hurry, I cannot empty them now; Holmes said, never mind bags, we have more bags than we know what to do with.
Q. What did you suppose to be the value of them, when you bought them? - A. I looked upon it to be the perfect value of them at the time, from one bag, I never examined the other, I was in a great hurry to go out; I said, if they all answer to that I will give nine-pence a pound; I knew well that they were no drivings.
Q. How soon did you give information to Messrs. Kent and Luck? - A. I was going to the other end of the town, but I thought it was necessary to go there first.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. These they said were drivings? - A. Yes.
Q. You knew Branbeed before? - A. Yes; Holmes I had never seen; I have bought old drivings of Branbeed before, off old beds when he has come from gentlemen's houses.
Q. It is a perquisite that is allowed? - A. I allow it to my men, some do not.
Q. Then they come to dispose of it, as they told you? - A. I knew it was no drivings.
Q. And, knowing this, you gave nothing near the value of them? - A. Quite the value, if they had been all like them I took out; when I came to examine them, I found Hudson's-Bay feathers in it.
Q. You never opened the bag till after they were gone away, therefore, you took them, hoping they would turn out a better bargain? - A. I thought they were both alike, they said they were. (The bags of feathers produced.)
Q. (To Prosecutor, looking at them.) Are they at all like drivings, or strippings? - A. They are not drivings nor strippings, the two samples are nearly of the same value; they are worth about two shillings a pound.
Holmes left his defence to his Counsel.
Branbeed's defence. When Mr. Holmes came to work at Mr. Kent's, he told me he agreed with him for a guinea a week, and he was to have the perquisites of the drivings from the feathers; I told him there was no such thing allowed since I had been there; he told me he agreed with him for it; I said, I was sure he was mistaken; about a fortnight after he had some, he asked me where I sold mine, that he allowed me; I told him at Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Smith
               



            's, French-alley, Goswell-street, and I went with him.
Holmes called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Holmes, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 49.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Branbeed, GUILTY, aged 29.




               The Jury and Prosecutor recommended Branbeed to mercy, thinking he was drawn into the snare by Holmes
            .





               Fined 1 s.
             and discharged.
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
