







303. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BERRY
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     REBECCA 
                     REESON
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of April
, ten muslin handkerchiefs, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Perkins
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John-Arthur 
                     Whitehead
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PERKINS
               



             sworn. - I am a linen-draper

, in Brandon-street, Leicester-square


; my partner's name is 
               John-Arthur Whitehead
            : On the 25th of April, between the hours of nine and ten, I received information that I had lost ten handkerchiefs that were hanging at the door, inside of the shop, tied up with a string; I went out, and saw the three prisoners in company together, at a gin-shop, in Castle-street, Cranbourn-alley; the little one had got her apron up, and I perceived that she had something in it; as soon as she saw me, she threw it out of her apron, and I laid hold of it; it was ten muslin handkerchiefs in one piece; they were my goods.
Q. Are you sure you had not sold these handkerchiefs? - A. I am very sure of that, and I am certain they are what I took from them; when I took the handkerchiefs, I said, you have been stealing these handkerchiefs; she said she had never seen them before in her life.
Berry's defence. I am nothing but a poor girl that follows the market; I went to get something for my supper; I met a woman, and she asked me the way to St. Martin's-lane; she said, hold these handkerchiefs, while I get something to drink.
Reeson's defence. I was standing along-side of her, and the man came and took her.
Smith's defence. I was coming past this liquor shop, and he caught hold of this young woman.
Berry, 

               GUILTY of stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Reeson, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Smith, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
