






729. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PUPLETT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN, alias 
BRIGGS,




             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Lindo
                     



                  . about the hour of seven, on the night of the 20th of October
, and stealing therein, one feather bed, value 3 l. a pillow, value 1 s. 6 d. a bolster, value 4 s. two sheets, value 7 s. two shirts, value 9 s. and a coat, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Lindo
               




            .


                  ANN 
                  LINDO
               



            . I am a married woman; my husband's name is 
               
                  Robert 
                  Lindo
               



            ; I live at No. 2, Swan alley, Lower East Smithfield


; we rent the house, my husband is a carman
; I go out to a day's washing sometimes.
Q. Do you know these men at the bar - A. One of them I know very well, 
               
                  Robert 
                  Brown
               



            ; the other I never saw before last Thursday week. Brown lived in Catherine Wheel alley; I lived in the Mint in the Bosough when I first knew him; I have known him these three years. I had not seen him for a year and a half before.
Q. You were going to say something about last Thursday - A. Yes. On Thursday the 20th, between ten and eleven o'clock, I saw Brown and Puplett at my house, they came together; Brown asked me to go and pledge him a waistcoat; I made answer, I would not go to the pawnbrokers for myself, neither would I go for him.
Q. Then Brown had not been with you before he came with Puplett - A. No. Upon my refusing to pawn the waistcoat, he said he would sell it outright; I said to him he never could keep any thing tidy upon his back.
Q. You knew him so well as to tell him that - A. Yes; he lodged with us when I lived the other side of the water; a young man was sitting in my house that came from over the water; he asked him to buy it;he did, and gave him four shillings for it. Puplett said he would sell the handkerchief off his neck; the young man said he did not want to buy it; then they both went out of my place together; it was near eleven o'clock when they went out.
Q. Did you see any more of them - A. Not till seven o'clock in the evening, then Brown and Puplett came in together; Brown asked me to go and take a glass of gin; I refused; he persuaded me at last; I went with him; they both came out of my place, and I went with Brown as far as the Bee Hive.
Q. Your errand that you went with these two men, was to go and have some gin, was it - A. Yes. I went out of the house with them and left only my three children in the house; they were just put to bed; the oldest is about thirteen years old.
Q. How did you leave your door - A. I shut the door and latched it with an iron latch; I fastened the latch, I did not lock it. As I was going to drink the gin with them at the corner of the dock, the Bee Hive, I missed Puplett.
Q. How far may the Bee Hive be from your house - A. About a hundred yards.
Q. Did you miss either of the men as you went along to the Bee Hive - A. I missed Puplett; I said, Robert where is the young man; Brown said, making use of a bad expression, there was more gin for him and me.
Q. Do you mean to say it was the outer door you latched - A. Yes. Brown and I proceeded to get this gin at the house; Brown called for a quartern of gin, I poured out the first glass and gave it him; he drank it; and then I missed him. I did not see him go out. Then I drank my own gin and came out.
Q. How long might that take - A. I was absent from my own place and returned to it in twenty minutes; after having drank my liquor I returned to my own home; it then was between light and dark. I had lit a candle before I came out.
Q. How do you know what time it was - A. It was seven o'clock when I came out, and it was twenty minutes after seven when I came home; I cannot speak to a minute; it was twenty minutes after seven when I looked at Mrs. Allen's clock, a woman close by, and when I missed my bed.
Q. You did not call by the way any where - A. No, the moment I got inside my door, I missed a feather bed, a bolster, a pillow, a pair of sheets, two cotton shirts, and a coat belonging to my husband; I have never seen any of them since; they were all taken off the bedstead in my room below. I have a room below and a room above, where my children sleep.


                  ANN 
                  MACGEE
               



            . I live in Swan alley, No. 12, about fifty or sixty yards from 
               
                  Ann 
                  Lindo
               



            's, in the same alley. On Thursday the 20th of this month, about ten or twenty minutes past seven in the evening, the candles and the lamps were lit at the time; I had a candle lighted, and so had the opposite neighbour.
Q. How light was it out of doors - could you distinguish a person's face without the lamps - A. No, not without the lamps.
Q.What lamps were there in the alley - A. There was one at one end and one at the other.
Q. What may be the length of the alley - A. I do not know.
Q. But you live in that alley, and your house is about fifty yards in the alley from Mrs. Lindo's - A. Yes.
Q. Is there many houses from your house - A. No, because there is a yard between; a gentleman keeps beasts there.
Q. Whereabouts in the alley did you observe any thing - A. I was coming out of my own alley; I met the two prisoners.
Q. What do you mean by your own alley - A. My door stands up a little court; there are two or three little places in Swan alley; I was going to the chandler's shop, the prisoners were coming out of Swan alley to go into East Smithfield.
Q. Is that in a direction to Lindo's house. - A. No, coming from it; I did not see them come out of the house.
Q. Did you know either of them before - A. No, I never saw either of them before. I am sure it is the two prisoners, the short man had a brown coat on; their faces were towards me; I swear positively to the two prisoners at the bar. The tall man had a light drab coat on.
Q. Had either of them any thing with them - A.John Puplett, the short one, had something tied up in a bundle on his head; they walked a breast up the alley leading into East Smithfield.
Q. You did not speak to them, nor they to you - A. No, I only noticed them as they passed me; I saw Puplett the next day at Lambeth street office, he was in custody; I saw Brown some days after at the office; I pointed them out; when I went in I saw 
               
                  John 
                  Puplett
               



            , I said that was the man that I saw with the bundle the over night; I pointed out Brown; I saw them when they were locked up with other men; I pointed them out without any person saying any thing to me.
Brown. I wish to know how she could know me from another man in a drab coat - A. I was not three yards from the lamp, and there was a light in the window of a woman that had fruit in the window to sell.
Puplett. She swore to me that I had a blue coat with white buttons - A. No; I said in candle light I could not be certain, because at candle light it varies; it was either a blue coat or a brown.
SUSANNAH HADLEY. I am a hardworking woman, I live in Sugar Loaf court, Catherine Wheel alley, Whitechapel. On Thursday evening, the 20th of October, I was standing at the end of Sugar Loaf court, I saw Brown run up the court in a great hurry to his own room.
Q. Can you say what time it was - A. Just before Spital fields bell struck out eight; I heard Robert Brown, or Briggs, which is all one, say, make haste, it is all clear; then I saw a man come out of Brown's house, with a bed on his back, as I supposed by the bulk; the bundle was tied up in a flowered counterpane.
Q. Do you know who that other man was - A. No.
Q. What became of Brown and the other man - A. They went down into Whitechapel, they walked pretty fast; 
               Brown
             I know by living in the court; Puplett I do not know; the other man was a short man in a brown coat; Brown had the same coloured coat on he has now.
Puplett. When she was at the office she said it was neither of us, it was bigger men than us.
Witness. I said it was rather a stouter man than thatman.
COURT. If I understand you, you do not speak at all to Puplett, but on the contrary you think it was a stouter man than him - A. Yes.
Brown. She says it only came out of my house; I am only a lodger, whether it came out of my room or their room.
Witness. Brown lives in the lower room; I see it come out of the door of the house where he lodges; I did not see what room it came out of.
ROBERT COMBES. I am one of the officers of Lambeth street office. On Thursday night the 20th of this month, the prosecutrix came to me about ten o'clock at night, and told me that she had been robbed of a bed; I immediately went with her into Sugar Loaf court, where the prisoner Brown lived, I knew he lived there; there I found Puplett along with two women; he was in Brown's room; the ground room of the house.
Q. Was Brown there at that time - A. He was not. The prosecutrix declared to me that was the man that was along with Brown at her house that evening; I searched him in the room and found eight shillings and six pence in money upon him, which I returned him; he told me that he had been playing at skittles, at the Catherine Wheel, the whole of the afternoon untill it was dark; I then took him over to the Catherine Wheel and asked the people of the house if he had been playing at skittles; they declared they had not seen him; he said he had, though they might not have seen him; the woman then said there had been no skittle playing the whole of that afternoon. I secured him. Smith, my brother officer, took 
               Brown
             the next evening.
Q. Were you present when either of these women saw the prisoner after they were in custody - A. Yes, I was.


                  EDWARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . Q. You are an officer of Lambeth street - A. I am, I apprehended the prisoner Brown on the 21st. In consequence of information Miller and me went to Catherine Wheel alley; I went into the Catherine Wheel and desired Miller to go into Brown's to see if he was there; it is a few yards from the door of the Catherine Wheel where he lives,
Q. Did you see Miller return - A. Yes, in about half a minute they returned and I took him from Miller, he was secured; he would not go with Miller; Miller threatened to shoot him, so I took him in custody; I searched him, I found nothing on him but a few halfpence and a shilling.
Q. to prosecutrix. In what condition was this bed of yours - how long had you had it - A. Between five and six years; my mother told me, when she gave it me, she gave five guineas for it; I know no more than she told me so; the sheets were worth about seven shillings, I had them about a twelve month; one of the cotton shirts was new, I gave four shillings and sixpence for it, the other was old; my husband's coat was worth about four or five shillings.
Puplett's Defence. I went to the prosecutor's house on Thursday the 20th, and this Brown offered his waistcoat for sale; they could not agree, they offered him four shillings for it; he would not take it; he came out and I came out with him; I did not go in any more; afterwards he went in and left the waistcoat, and brought out the money; I then went home to Brown's place; I dined there, and we set drinking there till twenty minutes after four o'clock, when I went into the Catherine Wheel public house, and Brown with me. Brown left me about six o'clock, and I sat drinking there till about a quarter before seven; I then crossed over the way to Brown's house, and there I sat till the officer came in and apprehended me; I saw no more of Brown that night, nor he of me.
Brown's Defence. Pease you my lord, I was in the habit of going to the prosecutrix very often, and she has been inveterate against me ever since I would not live with her. Please your lordship, she ran away from her husband, and came to me; on which I hid her for one week; she and her child, a girl she has got; I cannot but say my lord, I was very fond of the woman at that time; she took a lodging, a two pair of stairs room at a public house, the front chamber; and the reason that I left her was upon account of this baby; one day she was at the door, I goes to the child, it past for my own; I said come in miss; she stood and stamped and said you are not my daddy, I will go home to my daddy; my prosecutrix is the mother belonging to the child. I said to her, Nance, I will not be with you any more; she said why will not you, Robert; I told her I was never so much ashamed in my life as when the child stamped in the street, and said I was not the father of it; and I passed for the child's father; I had four shillings to pay for the week's rent; I gave it to Mrs. Lindo, upon that, to pay for it; it was a ready furnished lodgings; then I left her. I was some time after happening to go by the same public house in Bermondsey street, Tooley street, the woman of the public house says, halloa master, you run away without paying your rent; I said no, I have not. I told her I left the money with my wife; she said she understood it was not my wife, it was another man's wife, and her husband was a carman. That is the last time ever I had any connection with her, except when I went to sell the waistcoat and taking a drop of gin with her. I should like to know how long she has taken to washing and left off her own trade.
Q. to prosecutrix. You say you wash - A. Yes, and I go out cleaning; I used to follow rabbit skin cutting, for the hatters; my husband did not approve of my going so far from where I live. I was never away from my husband one night in my life.
Q. You have got you say three children - is there any truth in his saying that the child passed for his - A. No, I never lived with him in my life.
Q. How came you to think of drinking gin with him - A. He intruded upon me, and I told him before I went out my husband would be angry with me; I dare say he asked me a dozen times before I went.
Q. Why did not you refuse at last - A. I did, but he almost forced me; I had not seen him for a great while but the Sunday before; he came to our house, we drank together.
Q. Then you had seen him the Sunday before - A. Yes, but he did not stop at my place above five minutes; no longer than while the gin was fetched.
PUPLETT, GUILTY, aged 26.
BROWN, GUILTY, aged 26.
Of 


               stealing to the value of thirty nine shillings only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson
