





283. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SOWDEN
                   alias 
WILLIAMS




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of February
, seven yards of cotton check, value 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Horne
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SURRAGE
               



             sworn. - I am assistant to Mr. Horne, linen-draper
, No. 27, Oxford-street


: On the 23d of February, in the evening, between seven and eight o'clock, I received information ofa neighbour that some person had stole a print from the door; I ran out, but it was too late; on the Monday I was informed it was at Bates's, the constable.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILMOTT
               



             sworn. - I am an upholsterer and cabinet-maker: On Saturday night, the 23d of February, a quarter before eight o'clock, I had just paid all my men but one cabinet-maker, he observed two ill-looking chaps lurking about the place; with that this one came up to the door, I went out to see who this man was, he was peeping with his head round the corner of the street, as if he was watching who came out of the shop; I immediately went to observe what he was doing of, and he went from the corner of the street and made to my house directly; I went out immediately, I came up to him, I collared him, says I, I dare say you are the thief that has robbed me before; he wanted to know what I wanted with him; I told him I should soon let him know, I would take him down to Marlborough-street; I was going to Marlborough-street with him, a gentleman came up, and said, what is the matter? I made answer, here is a thief, and I will take him to Marlborough-street. Finding I was determined to take him, I observed him taking something from his breast; he threw out this piece of print, as hard as he could throw it, into the middle of the street; O, says I, that is the case, is it; I insisted on his coming along with me to pick up the cotton, not knowing what it was, and when I picked it up, I saw it was a piece of cotton; when I came to the watch-house with him, Bates said he was only let out of prison at three o'clock that day.
(The property produced, and identified by Surrage.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
