





457. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  STEDMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of April
, a pocketbook, value 1s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Taylor
                        




                     
                  , and two Bank-notes, value 1l. each
            , the property of the said 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Taylor
               



            .


                  THOMAS 
                  TAYLOR
               



             Sworn. - I am a mariner
: On the 23d of April, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, I was going along Gracechurch-street, towards the 'Change, from Rotherhithe, I felt a hand in my pocket; I looked over my shoulder, and saw the prisoner; I told him that he had taken my pocket-book; there was no other man behind me that I saw; with that he took across the street, and I pursued him, and called stop thief! I never lost sight of him; he took into Whitehart-court; I sung out stop thief, and a gentleman in the court stopped him, and he dropped the pocket-book, and the gentleman took it up, and gave it me; an officer had hold of him before I got up to him; he is here, I went before a Magistrate with him; the pocket-book the gentleman picked up and gave me was mine; it was a black one; it contained two Bank of England notes of one-pound each; they were in it when it was found; the pocket-book was delivered to the officer as soon as it was picked up.
SAMUEL 
               
                  ELLIOT 
                  Sworn
               



            . - I am a painter; I was waiting in Whitehart-court for a friend; I saw the prisoner run from Gracechurch-street; as he ran I saw him drop a black pocket-book in Whitehart-court as he passed me; there was a cry of stop thief! by that time he had got as far as Lombard-street; I pursued him, and collared him; I never lost sight of him; the prosecutor by that time came forward, and recognized him; a gentleman took up the pocket-book; it was delivered to the constable, and we took the prisoner before the Lord Mayor; before the Lord Mayor the prosecutor said, there were two one-pound notes in it.
WILLIAM WOOD Sworn. - I am a constable,(produces the pocket-book) I have had it ever since; it was delivered to me in Whitehart-court by the prosecutor.(The property was identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. Coming up Fith-street-hill I picked this pocket-book up; the prosecutor followed me, and cried stop thief! and I threw the book away. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
