





329. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     OBRIEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Evans
                     



                  , on the 7th of May
, a canvas bag, value 1 d. three guineas, seven half guineas, four seven-shilling pieces, fifty-one shillings, sixteen sixpences, ten halfpence, a bank note, value 10 l. three other bank notes, value 2 l. each, and five other bank notes, value 1 l. each
            , the property of 
               
                  Kidgell 
                  Seabrook.





KIDGELL SEABROOK sworn. Q. Do you know 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Evans
               



            . - A. Yes, he keeps the Spread Eagle public house, St. Giles's


; the prisoner and and I went into this house to drink together; I being up all night coming to town, I dropped asleep, some girls that were in the house said they saw her pick my pocket of something.
Q. Had you any thing in your pocket. - A. Yes, forty-six pounds; the landlady awaked me, and told me it was time to go, I asked them whether I could have a bed there, they said no.
Q. What time of the night was this. - A. About eleven o'clock, I believe; I went over to the King's head, they lodged me there; when I awoke in the morning I felt for my watch and my purse of money, my money and watch was gone; the publican searched after her, and found her with this money and my purse.
Q. Where does the prisoner belong to. - A. I do not know, I met with her in the street, and we agreed to go and have a drop of beer together.
Q. Were you sober. - A. I was a little in liquor.


                  THOMAS 
                  EVANS
               



             sworn. Q. Do you keep the Spread Eagle. - A. Yes. On the 7th of May the prosecutor and the prisoner came into my house from the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



             or some place in Diot-street; they set drinking some beer, I was not at home when they came in; when I came in there were some gipsies, some Scotch people, from whom I understood he had his pocket picked of something.
Q. Was he in the room at the time you understood his pocket was picked. - A. Yes; he was quite tipsy asleep; I awoke him, I thought to speak to him, I saw it was of no use he was to tipsy, I went in search of this woman that I understood had robbed the man; in going to Diot-street, I met a woman who told me there was a girl with a deal of money at the Maidenhead public house; I met this girl and several others coming out of the door, I understood from some of them that she had the money, I laid hold of her and searched her, and found thirty two pounds, three shillings and eleven pence upon her.
Q. Did you find a purse or any thing of that sort upon her. - A. Yes, I produce it and the money.
Q. Did you ask her how she came by it. - A. Yes, she was drunk, she would not make any answer if she could; I gave her in charge to Blackman the officer.
Prosecutor. That is my purse; there was forty-six pounds in it when I lost it; there was one ten pound note in it, I cannot swear to the money.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLACKMAN
               



             sworn. I was going up Diot street; there was a woman ran out of the Maidenhead; Mr. Evans said I am glad you are come, take hold of that woman, he had searched her in the house and counted the money, she tried to abscond from him, I happened to meet her at the door, I took her into custody, I asked her how she got the money, she said she was drunk, she admitted that she took it as I was taking her down to the watchhouse.
Q. Was she drunk. - A. She was very much in liquor.
GUILTY, aged 24.
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Grose:
