





463. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MELLING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of July
, a watch, value 5 l. a ribbon, value 1 d. and a watch key, value 1 d.
            
the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Marks
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARKS
               



             sworn. I am assistant to a druggist
, I live at No. 8, Fleet street


; I was standing at the door of the house I live in, I had rang the bell to go in, and as the parlour door opened this woman came up and put her arm round my neck and drew my watch out, I told her that she had it, she denied it, I immediately charged the watch with her, she was taken to the watchhouse, and the watch was found on her.
Prisoner. Ask him if he was not in liquor, and he gave me the watch to go and sleep with him all night.
Court. (to prosecutor) What time of the night was it. - A. Near twelve o'clock.
Q. Where you in liquor. - A. I was not, perfectly sober.
Q. Were you sober enough to know what you were about. - A. Perfectly sober.
Q. Did you offer her the watch at all. - A. Not in the least; so far from it, when she was taken to the watchhouse she said I gave her two shillings. I wish you to use as much lenity as you can.
- sworn. I am a patrol; the prisoner at the bar and the prosecutor were brought to the watchhouse (the watchman is not here), he charged the prisoner with picking his pocket of his watch, I searched the woman, I could not find any thing upon her; the watch was at the front part, I saw her handling herself there when the watch was taken from her, then she said that the gentleman gave her the watch to have connexion with her; I took it from her front part under her petticoats.


                  JAMES 
                  LAMBERT
               



             sworn. I was constable of the night; the woman was brought in about a quarter after twelve o'clock at night; the prosecutor charged her with taking the watch from him, I asked her for it, she denied having seen any watch, the patrol searched her, and took it from her in the manner he has stated; the watch was in this pocket I now produce.
(The watch produced and identified.)



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
