






673. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SHARP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 16th of October
, a spring table clock, value 10 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Justinian 
                     Casanager
                  




               
            .


                  JUSTINIAN 
                  CASANAGER
               



            . Q. Where do you live in town. - A. St. Mary Axe.
Q. Do you know any thing of the loss of a spring table clock from your house. - A. The clock was taken from my house at Potterhill, North Mims, Hertfordshire


; the first that I knew of it was at Marlborough-street office. I was shewn the clock yesterday; me and my family had been in Devonshire.
Q. What part of the house did the clock stand in. - A. In Mrs. Casanager's study; it was a table clock, it stood upon a pedestal.
Q. Had the prisoner anything to do in your house. A. He has worked in my house at times for these twenty years; formerly he was a master carpenter
.
Q. How lately had you seen the clock before it was taken. - A. On the 9th of last December.
Q. How lately was he employed in your family. - A. From December, until a few days. I was in Devonshire, except occasionally I came to town.
Q. Did you know whether he was employed to do any work during your absence. - A. Certainly not.
Q. How lately had you seen that clock. - A. I cannot swear to have seen it since the 9th of December last.
- ALDERS. I am a pawnbroker, Berwick-street. On the 15th of the present month the prisoner brought the clock to me to pledge, he said he had been a master carpenter near Hindon in Hertfordshire, he wanted to raise some money, and his name was 
               
                  Joseph 
                  King
               



            ; he asked a guinea and a half on it. I asked him how he came by the clock, he said his wife's father gave it her twelve years ago; I told him it was a long way to bring this clock for a guinea and a half; he did not know the value of it; he persisted that it was his, and he wanted the clock back; I told him I should not part with him nor the clock unless he could refer me to some respectable person in town. I asked him whether he knew the name on the clock, he said no, he knew the number. The name on the clock is Bellamy. He told me the number was 185; it is 183. I took him to Marlborough-street office, and have kept the clock ever since.


                  JOHN 
                  FOY
               



            . I am an officer of Marlborough-street. On the 15th of October the last witness brought the prisoner and the clock to the office; I went to Mr. Bellamy in Pall Mall, I found it belonged to Mr. Casanager; the prisoner said it was his for the last twelve years, and it had been in his family for thirty years. The prisoner confessed to Mr. Casanager that he got in at the window on the night of the 14th of October, and took out the clock.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I trust myself to the mercy of the court.



               GUILTY
            , aged 53.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
