





357. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of March
, eighteen yards of cotton, value 2l. the property of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Twell
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .
EDWARD TWELL sworn. - I keep a linendraper's shop
 in Bishopsgate-street


: On Wednesday the 2d of March, about half past four o'clock, the prisoner came in to purchase a small piece of cambrick; she had not sufficient money, but requested me to keep it a short time. There were a great many goods on the counter, and from her conduct, I suspected she had taken something; I followed her out up a court, and stopped her, and took from under her cloak a piece of print; I sent for an officer, who took her and the print into his possession; I gave about 2l. 8s. or 9s. for it; there were three young men in the shop at the time, who are not here.


                  ANN 
                  BAYLEY
               



             sworn. - I was in the shop buying some things, and saw the prisoner there; I bought some print off the piece which was lost, and it was put on one side while I looked at some other things; I marked my name on it, and shall know it; she went out, and Mr. Twell jumped over the counter, and said, she had got something.(Shephard, an officer, produced the print, which was identified by the prosecutor and Mrs. Bayley.)
Prisoner's defence. I went out of his shop into Long-alley, and the gentleman came after me, and said, I had robbed him; he left me then, and run after another woman, whom he stopped; he afterwards came back to me, and took me to a public-house, while he went after another woman. I know nothing of the robbery.
GUILTY, aged 25.
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
