





269. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RIGBY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of April
, five hundred yards of ribbon, value 4 l. twenty yards of silk cord, value 2 s. six handkerchiefs, value 1 l. six yards of sarcenet, value 6 s. one cap, value 2 s. and one box, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wilson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Waterhouse
                  



               
            .
(The case was stated by Mr. Gleed.)


                  JOHN 
                  CLARK
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gleed. I am porter to Messrs. Wilson and Waterhouse, they keep the Swan and Two Necks Inn, in Lad-lane





: On the 24th of April, about eight o'clock in the evening, I met the prisoner coming out of the office-door with a box, and a parcel; the parcel fell down on the ground; I stopped him, and took the box from him; I gave the box to 
               
                  Edward 
                  Lee
               



            ; I had had the same box in my hand about ten minutes before, when the things were taken from the Mail.


                  EDWARD 
                  LEE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gleed. I am book-keeper to Messrs. Wilson and Water-house.
Q. Do you know this box? - A. I saw it in 
               
                  John 
                  Clark
               



            's hand; he called me two or three times before I went to him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  KIRBY
               



             sworn. - I am an officer; I produce the box. (The box identified by 
               
                  John 
                  Clark
               



            .)
Prisoner's defence. I went in about half past eight o'clock, I was never in the office before, and facing the door going in, there is a vacancy of about two yards; I saw two men go in, and I went in; the parcels were lying by the door, I fell over them; I took this box up, I did no more, and gave it to him directly.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
