





445. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     BRYAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th of June
, a shawl, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Hammond
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  HAMMOND
               



            . I am a linen draper
, No. 7, Leicester-square


. On the 9th of June, between five and six in the afternoon, the prisoner came into my shop, she asked to look at some shawls, which I shewed her; she said she did not like any, and went - out of the shop. Within half an hour she returned again, and looked at them the second time, and went out again without purchasing any. I saw nothing more of the prisoner till I was informed by Mr. Godden that she had a shawl belonging to me; in consequence of that I went to Mr. Godden's.
Q. Had you missed your shawl before you had this information from Mr. Godden. - A. No, I had not.
Q. How long was that after she had been in your shop the last time. - A. About a quarter of an hour.
Q. Who was in the shop at the time she was there. A. A young man, and a friend of his; they are neither of them here.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GODDEN
               



            . When I discovered my own shawl, the prisoner endeavoured to go out of the shop; in pulling her back again, her apron flew of one side; I then saw a shawl stick out of her pocket.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. As I was coming up Bear-street I picked up a small piece of paper parcel, it was wrapped up at both ends; I put it in my pocket, I did not look to see what it was till they took it from me.
Jury, to Godden. When you saw it in her pocket was it rolled up in paper, or without paper. - A. It was in a loose state without any paper.
GUILTY, aged 27.




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Lawrence.
