





176. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LAWSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of February
, eight pewter quart pots, value 12s. and five pewter pint pots, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Martin
                  




               
            .


                  GRACE 
                  MARTIN
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Martin
               



            , I keep the Essex-head, in Essex-street




: On Wednesday the 5th of February, I lost eight quarts, and five pint pots; my boy was collecting the pots in the Temple; I did not know any thing of it till the boy brought them back.


                  JAMES 
                  HATT
               



             sworn. - I am pot-boy to Mr. Martin: On the 5th of November, about eight o'clock in the evening, I went to No. 1, in Elm-court, to Mr. Lasher's chambers, when I came down, I missed the pots, there were eight quarts, and five pints, upon a leather strap; I then saw Simon Dyke, the watchman, and he and I went down to Crown Office-row, and took him with the pots upon his back; he was going towards King's-bench Walk; he said he was going to take the pots home to the Essex-head.
Q. Did you know any thing at all of him before? - A. No; I had never seen him before, to my knowledge.
Q. How long were you gone up stairs? - A. Not two minutes; the pots all belong to my master. (Produces the pots.)


                  SIMON 
                  DYKE
               



             sworn. - I am watchman of the Temple; I went with the boy, and took the prisoner in Crown Office-row; we took him towards the Essex-head, and in Essex-court he turned rusty, and swore he would not go any further; he then 
               drew
             a knife, and cut me across the hand; I called to my fellow-servant that was coming through the court, he took him by the arms behind, and secured him while I went to the doctor; I have not lost the use of my hand, but I have not been able to do any thing since; he threw the knife away, and it was found by my fellow-servant.
Q. What had he upon him when you found him in Crown Office-row? - A. Eight quart pots and a pint.
Prisoner. Q. Will you take upon you to swear that I was the person that cut you, when there were so many people by? - A. I am very positive of it, for there was nobody by but myself and the boy; I had thrown him down upon his back before he cut me, he cut me as he laid upon his back, upon some stone steps in Essex-court.
Q. Where was the boy at that time? - A. The boy had loosed him with the fall, there was nobody else near at that time, and my fellow-servant heard me say I was cut, and then he seized him by the arms behind.


                  EDWARD 
                  WATFORD
               



             sworn. - I was coming through New-court, into Essex-court, and I heard Dyke say, that the man that he had got there uponthe ground had cut him, and I immediately jumped behind him, and locked my arms in between his, and said he should not cut any more; a gentleman standing just behind me, said, here lies the knife; that was about a yard and a half from the prisoner. (Produces the knife.)
Prisoner. Q. Was the knife open or shut, when you picked it up? - A. Shut.
Q. Was there any appearance of blood upon it? - A. No. (The pots deposed to by Mr. Martin.)
The prisoner put in a written defence, which was read as follows: My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury, on the 5th day of this month, I was going into the Temple, after I had left my work, to see a friend, and going along, I saw these pots lie in the court, not near any house, and two boys standing by them; I heard one of them say, as I passed by, put them in your apron till we can get a coach; hearing these words, I had a suspicion they were stolen from some house, where, I knew not; I took up one of the pots to see the inscription that was on it, and the boys, seeing me observe them both, ran away; seeing this, I was sure, within myself, that had stolen them; I saw, by the inscription, that they belonged to the Essex-head, Essex-street; I put them on my shoulder, and was determined, as it was all in my way, to take them there, and tell them how I got them; the pot-boy came up, I told him I had a suspicion they had been stolen, as I found them in the middle of the path-way, with two boys standing by them; this is the true state of the transaction, and as this is a Court of Justice, I hope and trust you will weigh the matter within yourselves, and the crime for which I stand here indicted, I am entirely innocent of, and trust in God you will think so too; and in regard to the watchman, I know nothing of it; he cannot swear I was the man that cut him, he found the knife upon the ground, near the place where I stood; but that was as likely to be dropped out of any other person's pocket in the scuffle, as from me; for if I had cut the man, it was impossible I could have shut the knife and thrown it away, as two persons had hold of my hands all the time, and if that knife had come from my possession, some one or other must have seen me with it; the Justice particularly asked him, if the knife had any blood on it, and it had not; therefore, Gentlemen, I hope you will consider within yourselves, that I am not guilty of the assault.
Signed 
               
                  John 
                  Lawson
               



            .



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)




               The Court immediately pronounced sentence of Transportation for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
