





191. 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     LEARY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of February
, a bag, value 6 d, fifteen thousand nails, value 5 s. five pound weight of lead, value 1 s. two boxes, value 6 d. two Turkey stones, value 6 d. a shutter stud, value 1 d. a bag, value 2 d. two gimblets, value 1 d. and a piece of wood, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Vere
               




            .


                  EDWARD 
                  VERE
               



             sworn. I am a carpenter
, I live at No. 19, Fitzroy-place; the prisoner is a tailor
 by trade; I left the building about nine o'clock at night, on the 3d of February, and I left the things in the building.

Q. Was the house almost finished. - A. Yes.
Q. Where was the house situated. - A. In Tottenham-Court road


.
Q. What time did you return in the morning. - A. Between seven and eight, when I came there I found the door broke open and the property gone.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELLEN
               



             sworn. I am a watchman of St. Pancras. After calling the hour of two o'clock in the morning, I saw a man coming along Tottenham-Court road with a bundle under his left arm, I followed him by an alarm given by a St. Giles's watchman of the opposite side; he came out of the road on the foot way, and when he found that I was after him, he threw this bag from him, with this lead in it, he went as far as Windmill-street, there I stopped him and brought him back; coming back, I picked this bag up, I searched him at the watch-house, I found in his pocket these two boxes, this bag, two gimblets, a shutter stud, and part of a lid of a seat; I went back to the building, I found the other part of the seat, and this ladle that he took the lead out of, I put the lead in the ladle, it fitted exactly the bowl.


                  JAMES 
                  YOUNG
               



             sworn. I am a watchman, I know just the same as the other witness, he is my fellow servant, there is two men in a box.
(The property produced and identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence. As I was coming along the street I picked up these things.
Q. You will call the person that saw you pick them up. - A. I was alone by myself.
Q. What business had you to be about at that time of the morning. - A. I was along with a friend.



               GUILTY
            , aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
