





171. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     HORTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault upon 
                     
                        
                           Thomas Robert 
                           Halstead
                        



                     
                  , in the King's highway, on the 2nd of February
, putting him in fear and taking from his person and against his will, a cloth coat, value 30 s. his property
            .
Second count for like offence stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ridley
                  



               
            .
THOMAS ROBERT HALSTEAD. Q. Were you robbed at any time. - A. Yes, on the evening of Tuesday the 2nd of February in High Holborn


, at the corner of Southampton street, Bloomsbury; the prisoner laid hold of the bundle I had under my left arm, and pulled it away, and ran up Southampton-street; I followed him, and got within about two yards of him; he turned down a gateway towards Bloomsbury-market; when he came to the corner of Bloomsbury-court he threw the bundle on the steps of a chandler's shop at the corner of the court; I came up to him about the middle of the court, and gave charge of him to the watchman; a butcher's boy brought me the bundle; it was left at the watchhouse till Wednesday morning, when it was brought up to Marlborough-street; the magistrate ordered it to be delivered to me; I have had it in my possession ever since.
Q. Was there in the bundle a mixture cloth coat. - A. Yes.
Q. Whose property was it. - A. The property of 
               
                  John 
                  Ridley
               



            , No. 1, Sidney-court Gray's Inn-lane-road.
Q. How came you to have 
               
                  John 
                  Ridley
               



            's coat in your care. - A. It was sent to my master he is a taylor, to be repaired. I am sure the prisoner is the person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WALLIS
               



            . On Tuesday night the 2nd of February last, I was watchman in Southampton-street. At half past eight I heard the cry of stop thief; I saw the prisoner run up Southampton-street, and the boy after him; the prisoner had a bundle under his arm; he got into Silver-street - leading into Bloomsbury-market. I ran after him; just as the prisoner got into Bloomsbury-market, I saw the prisoner throw the bundle away; he was stopped by the boy, just as he got into Bloomsbury-market; I laid hold of him, and the butcher's boy brought the bundle up and gave it to the young lad; I took the prisoner to the watchhouse.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STREET
               



            . I was standing by my master's door, I heard the alarm of stop thief.
Q. When was it. - A It was of a Tuesday, about a fortnight ago; I ran with intent to stop him; I saw the bundle on the step of a door, the corner of Bloomsbury-court. I picked it up and gave it to the young lad that owned it; he was standing with the watchman, and the prisoner.
Q.Was it the prisoner that you saw with the watchman. - A. Yes; I am sure of that.
Prisoner's Defence. I am blacksmith
 by trade; my mother keeps a public house, the Bricklayer's Arms, Kingsgate-street, Holborn; I work hard for my living;he night this happened I was in the White Horse, Holborn, drinking; I came out, and going up Holborn there was a mob; I went up Southampton-street, there were three or four young fellows went the same way; I happened to go up Bloomsbury-court, and the others went up Southampton-street; the young fellow saw me at the left hand corner; I heard somebody call out stop thief; the watchman called out, where is the thief; the young fellow came up, and said this is the thief; I said let him take me, if I am a thief; I told him if he challenged me with being a thief; I would knock his eye out.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.
COURT TO JURY. This is charged as a highway robbery; it does not appear to me as a highway robbery; with respect to the larceny, you have three witnesses who speak to the indentity of the prisoner's person; the first witness speaks to the pulling it away from his arm; the prisoner in his defence says he is quite innocent of it.




               GUILTY
            , aged 25.
Of simple larceny.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Wood
               



            .
