





203. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     COLESFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of February
, a guinea and three shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Mills
                        




                     
                  , privately from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  MILLS
               



             sworn. - I am a gangsman
 at Wiggins's-quay: On the 10th of February I was returning from the play about one o'clock in the morning, in company with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Finlayson
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  Warner
               



            ; coming down Cornhill


 the prisoner with another woman accosted us, and would walk with us; the other woman took hold of the arm of Thomas Finlayson, and the prisoner took hold of my arm; we kept on our own pace towards home some distance, and then they left us; after they had left us, Warner said he saw that woman's hand in my pocket; if you carry your money in your waistcoat-pocket, I doubt she has robbed you; I made answer, I did not feel her hand in my pocket; On stealing in my pocket, I missed one guinea and three shillings; then Finlayson said, we will go back and see if we can find the same girls; and we went back different ways; Finlayson laid hold of the prisoner, he met them first; saying that she had robbed his friend, which she denied; we insisted upon taking her to the watch-house, and having her searched; we took her to the watch-house; she still denied it; the constable of the night said he would search her, upon which she produced a guinea and four shillings, and said it was money she brought out to pay her rent; the constable asked her how she paid her rent, she said, by the week; he asked her how much she owed, and she said, a month; we talked of taking her to the Compter, and then she ownedit was my money, and said she was very sorry for what she had done.
Q. There was no mark upon the money? - A. Not that I can swear to.
Q. Were you sober? - A. Perfectly.
Q. How came you to be so late? - A. There was a friend of our's at the other house, and we agreed to meet and have some refreshment, which we did; we stopped no-where in coming home; we had a pot or two of porter, and some ham and beef; I was perfectly sober.
Q. Are you satisfied that that woman is the same? - A. Yes; the moon shone remarkably bright; I am sure she is the same person; the guinea that I lost was an old guinea.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARNER
               



             sworn. - I am a hairdresser, No. 32, Great Tower-street: I was coming from the play with Finlayson and Mills; coming through Cornhill the prisoner and another woman came up, and the prisoner laid hold of Mills, and the other of Finlayson, and I walked by the side of them; I saw the prisoner put her hand in Mills's waistcoat-pocket; and when they left us, I told him of it; we pursued after them, and took them in Cornhill; she said she had got money about her to pay her rent; the constable asked her what she was going to pay her rent for, at that time in the morning; when the constable talked of sending her to the Compter, she confessed it was Mr. Mills's money; that she had picked his pocket of it; the money was given to the officer, and she was taken to the Compter.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I am a constable of Cornhill-ward: (produces the money;) On the 10th of February, about a quarter past one, the prisoner was brought in by three men; Mills charged the prisoner with robbing him of a guinea and three shillings; she denied it; I told her I would search her; she said I need not search her, for she had got some money, which she produced, and put on the table; she put down a guinea and four shillings, she said it was her own; I asked her how she came to have so much money about her at that time of night; her answer was, that she was going to pay her rent; that she paid it weekly, and that she owed a month; when I said I should take her to the Compter, then she said it was the prosecutor's money all but one shilling, which was her own, and she hoped he would forgive her.
Prisoner's defence. The money was my own; I brought out the money to pay my rent, but happened to get a little in liquor.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not privily
            . (Aged 35.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
