





287. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     EASTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of March
, a box coat, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Wintringham
               




            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CAPPS
               



             sworn. - I am coachman to Lady
 Wintringham, she is a widow
 lady: I lost a box coat from the stables, in Hind's-mews, Mary-le-bonne-lane


, on the 14th of last month; the stable door appeared to have been forced open; the prisoner was stopped by the watchman, and I saw the coat at the watch-house the next morning.
- HOLDER sworn. - I am a watchman; I was crying the hour of nine o'clock, and saw the prisoner standing by Hind's-mews, in Mary-le-bonne-lane; I went afterwards half an hour after nine, and found this stable door open; I immediately ran round to Macdonald, the next nearest watchman; I told him to stand at the corner of Mary-le-bonne-lane; says I, I will go to the other end of the Mews, which goes into James-street; I went there, and saw the prisoner coming along, about four yards from the door, which I had seen open, with a box coat upon his shoulder; I stopped him, and called to Macdonald, I told him I had got one of them, there were two others ran away; I told Macdonald to pursue after the other two; I sprung my rattle, and with that he made a snatch at my rattle, then he struck me across the nose, and stunned me; I got up again and holloaed out stop thief; he had got about one hundred yards from me; when he got into Mary-le-bonne-lane, another watchman knocked him down, and I came up and collared him on the ground, he was just getting up from the ground, then I secured him,(produces the coat); it was picked up by a person who is not here, and brought to the watch-house; I know it to be the same coat by the livery, it is a blue coat, with white capes.

- MACDONALD sworn. - I was watching at one end of the Mews; I observed the prisoner at the bar with a coat upon his shoulder; I stopped one of them, and the Magistrate committed him as a rogue and vagrant.
Capps. This is my mistress's property.
Prisoner's defence. I was coming from Paddington, through the Mews, when the watchman stopped me; I know nothing at all about the coat.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
