







616. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     ATKINS
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WARNER
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 18th of September
, twelve pair of worsted stockings, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Moor
                  




               
            , and
Two other counts for like offence, only varying the manner of charging them.
The case was stated by Mr. Const.


                  JOHN 
                  MOORE
               



            , JUNIOR, sworn. Examined by Mr. Const. Q. You live at Leicester. - A. Yes, we are hosiers
.
Q. Did you send any hosiery goods to Mr. 
               
                  Watkin 
                  Lewis
               



             on the 13th day of September. - A. Yes, I saw them put in and I sent an invoice.
Q. Were there any worsted stockings among these goods. - A. Yes, it was directed to Mr. 
               
                  Watkin 
                  Lewis
               



            , Love lane, Aldermanbury.
Court. Are you in partnership with your father. - A. No, my father is the only person concerned in the business (the stockings produced); these are the stockings that were part of the package, I saw them safe into Mr. Pickford's cart, and I attended the packing up of the goods.


                  URIAH 
                  CLANG
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Const. You are a clerk to Messrs. Pickford. - A. Yes.
Q. You remember that package that you saw put in by Mr. Moore. - A. I took it at the warehouse at Leicester, I saw it loaded on Mr. Pickford's waggon to go to Bronston.
SAMUEL LEE sworn. Q. You live at Bronston, did you receive by Pickford's waggon, a certain packet directed to Mr. Lewis, Love lane. - A. I did; when the waggon came to me I unloaded it and examined the contents of the load; according to the invoice there was a packet for W. Lewis.
Court. I do not know where this Bronston is. - A.Bronston is in Northamptonshire, about thirty miles from Liecestershire; my duty is to receive them, to see that they are safe, and to forward them on to London by a boat; I put them on board the boat, Stevens and Warner were the persons that were to navigate the boat, they were equal in point of trust and profit, Atkins is a servant of their's; Stevens and Warner were there, I gave them a pound each, I do not know whether the other was there or was not.
Q. Stevens and Warner took the charge of all this property. - A. They were the persons who took the charge of it.
Q. I suppose you did not examine the package exactly. - A. It appeared to be in a good state.


                  JOHN 
                  WRIGHT
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Const. Q. You are employed at the wharf in Paddington, you are a servant to the prosecutors. - A. Yes, the prisoners were employed all the way from Paddington to Bronston.


                  THOMAS 
                  WARTON
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Const. Q. Who are the proprietors of the waggon and boats. - 
               A. Thomas Pickford
            , 
               
                  James 
                  Pickford
               



            , and 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Pickford
               



            , and Messrs. Pickford pay for the conveyance of the goods, they are in their custody till they are delivered in London.
Q. You examined this boat. - A. I did; on the 18th of September, I went on board the boat, the three prisoners were on board the boat, I went into the cabin, we had a suspicion, I looked into the cupboard under the side bed, I found this dozen pair of worsted stockings, I asked them how they came there, I said it is a very improper place to put this parcel, they said they did not know how they came there; they were among loose ropes; I said I was positive they must know something of their coming there; there was tarpaulin tied over the cargo, it would have been impossible for any body to untie the tarpaulin and get at the cargo without their knowledge; they said themselves there were no passengers on board. I had them taken into custody.
Q. You sent Mr. Wallworth to Mr. Lewis, to make inquiry. - A. Yes.
- WALLWORTH sworn. Examined by Mr. Const. Q. You are also in this employ. - A. Yes. I know nothing of the prisoners, I was desired by Mr. Pickford to find out who the stockings belonged to, I found they belonged to Mr. Lewis.
Q.(to Mr. Wright) You had not an opportunity of seeing the packages when you detected the stockings. - A. I saw the package, we were in a greathurry of business, I did not know of any truss being broken open, there might be two dozen pair taken out, I should not have observed them.


                  RICHARD 
                  DALES
               



             sworn. Examined by Mr. Const. Q. What is your master's name. - 
               A. Watkin Lewis
            , he has no partner.
Q. Did you receive from Mr. 
               Moore
             the package from Liecester. - A. Yes.
Q. Was there in fact the quantity that should be in the package when it was opened. - A. I had the invoice, there appeared to be a dozen short.
Q. Did all the dozen pair come out of that package. - A. Yes.
Q. What is the value of them. - A. About twenty shillings.
Q.(to Mr. Moore) You have seen the stockings before and swore to them. - A. Yes.
Atkins' Defence. I know nothing at all about it.
Stevens's Defence. I am as innocent as a child unborn of its mother.
Warner's Defence. 
               
                  John 
                  Stevens
               



             is the head captain on board, he said that he saw them lay on the bottom of the boat, he kicked them on the hay, and when they were all gone away he picked them up and put them in the cabin.
ATKINS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
STEVENS - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.
WARNER - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
