





457. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 10th of June
, a pocket book, value 2 s. and a bank note, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Dye
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  DYE
               



            . I am a traveller
. On Wednesday morning the 10th of June, about the hour of eleven o'clock, I came out of a house called the Blue-last, Cock-court, Ludgate-hill


, at which time I was in possession of a five pound bank note; it was in a red morocco pocket book, I had not got out of the house, and proceeded ten yards down the court, when the prisoner at the bar, who was standing on the left hand side of the way, I was walking on the right hand side, the moment she espied me she ran across the way, and seized me round the waist, but putting her left arm round my coat; she put her body very close to me in a very amourous disposition, inclined her head to my left shoulder, and with her right hand she took my pocket book out of my pocket.
Q. Which pocket was it. - A. My left hand side pocket; I felt her take it out of my pocket, and the moment that I disengaged myself from her, I charged her with the robbery; I called the watch; I observed just as she had attacked me the watchman was standing within two or three yards of her, of the name of Bennet; he did not take charge of her, but another watchman came up of the name of Cromack, he took charge of her, she was taken to the watchhouse.
Q. What became of your pocket book - A. That I did not see; after she took my pocket book she put her hand behind, she passed it behind her I believe to the watchman Bennet; her head was situated so on my left shoulder so as I could not see her.
Q. Where were your hands at that time. - A. My hands she artfully kept down.
Q. How - A. By the method she used she clasped me round my body.
Q. If she kept your arms down with both her hands, I do not know how she had one hand to spare to take your pocket book. - A. She got her left arm around my waist, and placed her body so close to the right arm, that both my arms were kept down; she laid hold of my left arm by her left arm, her arm was round me; she was taken to the watch house and searched by Cromack; nothing was found. Bennet has since absconded.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. How long had you been at this public house. - A. I might be there doing a little business with a friend, about a quarter of an hour.
Q. You had been drinking had not you. - A. I had not.
Q. Do you mean to say you were perfectly sober. - A. Most assuredly.
Q. What line of life are you in. - A. I am a traveller; I deal in silk.
Q. What house do you travel for. - A. I am now collecting for a friend in Fenchurch-street.
Q. What time of the night was this. - A. About eleven o'clock.
Q. Did you know the woman before. - A. No.
Q. Have you ever found your pocket book. - A. I have not; I had seen the note five minutes previous to my coming out of the house.


                  WALTER 
                  M'DOWELL
               



            . I am constable of the night for St. Bride's parish. On the evening mentioned, 
               
                  Ann 
                  Jones
               



             was brought into the watchhouse, accompanied by Bennet, the watchman, and Cromack, and Mr. Dye was there, he related the circumstance the same then as he has now. The prisoner was searched, and nothing was found on her.
Q. What is become of Bennet. - A. From what I have observed, he I believe has absconded.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence; called one witness, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
