





318. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HAMERTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Langford
                     



                  , about the hour of ten at night, on the 29th of April
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein, thirteen cheeses
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Walduck
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  WALDUCK
               



             sworn. I only know the property is mine.
Q. Where was these cheeses. - A. The thirteen cheeses were at Mr. Langford's house, No. 9, High-street, St. Giles's


, the last time I saw them there was on Saturday the 26th of April, I lost them on the 29th; I only rented the bottom part of the house.
Q. Did you sleep in it. - A. Not at that time; I rented it at thirty-five pounds a year.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp.
Q. I understand you to say that you had slept there for some time though you did not sleep there at that time. - A. I occupied the shop, parlour, cellar, and two back rooms on the first floor.


                  MARY 
                  GREEN
               



             sworn. I live servant with Mr. Walduck; on the 29th of April I locked the shop door; I saw the cheeses in the shop before I lockedthe shop door; after I had locked the door, I gave the key to Mr. Jones, - a cheesemonger, on Snow Hill.
Q. What time did you give him the key. - A. About half past twelve in the day.
Q. Were the windows of the shop fastened. - A. Yes, I did not return any more that day.


                  MARY 
                  LANGFORD
               



             sworn, I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Langford
               



            . On Monday the creditors came and took an inventory of his goods; on the Tuesday or the Monday night there was a noise in the shop, between nine and ten o'clock at night, I thought it was somebody from Mr. Walduck who had come to take some more of the goods away, it being a moon shiny night; I looked through the dining room window, I saw nobody, I went down stairs with a light in my hand, I thought I saw the moon shine in through the crevice; I got the watchman to stop with me till Mr. Langford came home.
Q. Was the door forced. - A. I do not think it was, it was such a bad lock I do not think they could lock it; when my husband came home he and the watchman went in, they did not know what was missing.
Q. Of course, they not knowing what was there, missed nothing. - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  TOWNSHEND
               



             sworn. I am one of the patroles belonging to Bow-street; I apprehended the prisoner at his lodgings in Crown-street, Soho; I know no more than finding the cheeses at his lodgings, on Tuesday the 29th of April, between the hours of eleven and twelve, I secured the cheese and him; I produce the cheese.
Q. Did the prisoner give any account how he came by this cheese. - A. I asked the prisoner if he had turned cheesemonger, he replied no, I then asked him if he owned the cheese; he said you have got it, it is of no use for you and I to have any words about it. (The cheese identified by the prosecutor and Mary Green.)
Mr. Knapp. Q.(to prosecutor) We have heard something about creditors, when was the day of your assignment. - A. The cheeses were lost on the evening of the 29th, and the assignment was not till the Thursday following.
Court. What is the value of these cheeses. - A. More than four pounds.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, and called no witnesses to character.
GUILTY, aged 38.
Of 


               stealing, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
