





567. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of July
, four guineas, a half guinea, a seven shilling piece, and five shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Morgan
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I am a labourer
. On the 19th of July last I lost my money, four guineas and a half, a seven shilling piece, four shillings, and two sixpences. I went with the prisoner to No. 3, Church lane, St. Giles's


. I had felt it in my pocket about ten minutes before I went in the room, and I counted it in the purse before I went to bed; she saw me count the money.
Q. When did you miss it - A. Not till the woman came up and awoke me; I was fast asleep, it was between one and two o'clock in the night time.
Q. What time was it when you went with her - A. Between ten and eleven o'clock.
Q. Who came and awoke you - A. The servant of the house; the prisoner was going out, the servant maid would not let her go without coming up to see whether I had lost any money or not. I examined my pocket, I found no money in it; I went to lay hold of her, she cried out murder. The watchman came and searched her; he found upon her four guineas and a half, four shillings, and two sixpences.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  LANE
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard murder called; I went in the house and searched the prisoner; I found four shillings, two sixpences, and some halfpence in her pocket. In her shoe I found four guineas and a half and a seven shilling piece. I gave the money to the watchhouse keeper.


                  JAMES 
                  PERRY
               



            . I am watchhouse keeper of St. Giles's. When the prisoner was brought into the watch-house, I received from the last witness four guineas and a half, a seven shilling piece, four shillings, and two sixpences and some copper; they have been in my possession ever since.
Prosecusor. All I can say, the guineas were all old guineas, and these are old guineas.
Prisoner's Defence. I found the purse in the room; I had five shillings and some halfpence in my pocket before I saw this man; I did not open the purse to see what was in it. I found it on the floor.
Q. to Lane. Was the money in the purse when you found it - A. Yes, in her shoe; only the silver was loose in her pocket.



               GUILTY
            , aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Bailey.
