





477. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BUTCHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of April
, four shirts, value 8 s. a shift, value 2 s. a petticoat, value 3 s. a pair of sheets, value 10 s. a waistcoat, value 2 s. two gowns, value 5 s. three aprons, value 2 s. four neck handkerchiefs, value 2 s. three caps, value 1 s. a silver tea spoon, value 2 s. five frocks, value 10 s. eight diaper clouts, value 2 s. and three bed gowns, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           How
                        




                     
                   in his dwelling house
            .


                  HENRY 
                  HOW
               



             sworn. I live in Long Acre


, in the parish of St. Martin's in the Fields; the prisoner decamped from my service on the 7th of April, she had left the child crying on the bed, Mrs. How heard the child cry, she went in the kitchen, and found the child on the bed; Mrs. How found the things missing; the prisoner had only lived with me ten or eleven days.


                  JOHN 
                  WRIGHT
               



             sworn. I live in Strutton Ground, I am a pawnbroker; I produce five frocks, I do not know whether they were pawned by a man or a woman; they were pawned on the 8th of April.
Q. Were there any thing else pawned that was afterwards taken out of pawn. - A. Yes, there were two sheets for ten shillings, they were pawned at the same time.
Q. What was the other things pawned for. - A. Ten shillings.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  GOUDGE
               



             sworn. Q. Do you know Mr. Wright's, the pawnbroker, in Strutton Ground. A. Yes, I pledged them things on Easter Tuesday, and I pledged a pair of sheets for ten shillings at the same time.
Q. How came you by these things. - A. I had not seen the prisoner for three years before, she told me she had been on board a ship, and she had had a child, and she was married, she said if I pledged them I might get more than her; the pawnbroker knowing me, I pledged them, I gave her ten shillings for one, and ten shillings all but a penny for the other, the pawnbroker had that for the duplicates.
Q. Where do you live yourself. - A.51, Old Pye-street, I have lived there a year and a half.
Q. How came the prisoner to find you out. - A. She was coming accidentally down the street.
Q. What business do you follow yourself. - A. I am an unfortunate woman.
Mr. Bolland. The prisoner has put a paper in my hand, I am not engaged for her, the paper states the witness has been convicted for a capital offence herself.
Court. You say you have been living in this Pye-street a year and a half. - A. Yes, I lived there before I lived in Oxford-street.
Q. Do you mean that you moved from Oxford-street to Pye-street. - A. No, not till I got my liberty from being convicted.
(The property identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence. When my master apprehended me at Somerset House, I told him I would take him to 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Goudge
               



            ; when the constable went to her for the tickets she told him she had lost them, when she was brought to the pawnbroker's she said that she got them out and delivered them to me, which was false, I was not in town at the time, I am innocent of it; 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Goudge
               



             came and told me my husband's ship was coming home, I went out with her, I got in liquor, she told me she had got these things from my master's, which I knew nothing of till she told me; I went to Portsmouth to my husband, being ashamed to go to my place, when I returned my master took me; she has been a transport from this place, and has only been at liberty thirty days last Sunday.




               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
