






415. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SHARP
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     WARREN
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of April
, a sack, value 2s. and five pecks of wheaten flour, value 20s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Surrey
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Surrey
                  



               
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  MARY 
                  BRYAN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. My husband is servant to 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Beale
               



            , Esq. my house and Mr. Surrey's mill join, I cango into the mill without leaving my house: On the 18th of April, between eight and nine o'clock, my husband was gone to Edmonton, there was no body on the premises but myself, and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Agar
               



            , who has absconded, and Sharp; Agar was at the door of the mill, and Sharp outside, I saw them conversing together; Agar took something, I cannot tell what, upon his left shoulder, which he conveyed away to the stable where Mr. Surrey's horses and teams are; it was in a sack, and looked like some kind of meal; after he had deposited it in the stable, he returned to the mill; he rather stooped as he went past my window, but not so as to conceal his person; he returned to the mill in the course of two or three minutes; in about five or ten minutes after that time, I observed the prisoner, Sharp, go to the stable, he might be there five or ten minutes, I cannot particularly say; he then returned, locked the stable-door, and, I suppose, went home to his lodgings; I immediately acquainted my husband with what I had seen, he went to the stable to see what was in the sack, and immediately went to give information to Messrs. Surrey's; while he was gone, I stood with a candle and lantern at my own door, no one went near the stable till my husband and Mr. Surrey returned.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. The man that you have been talking of has absconded? - A. Yes, that evening.
Q. Sharp did not go into the mill? - A. No.
Q. Agar was the only person that went into the stable at first? - A. No.
Q. Warren was not present, either the first or second time, at the stable? - A. I saw nothing of him.
Q. This was nine o'clock at night? - A. Much thereabout.
Q. It was dark, was it not? - A. It was dusk; but it being a meal sack, and the man being white, I could see very clearly.


                  JOHN 
                  BRYAN
               



             sworn. - When I came home on the 18th of April, I received some information from my wife; I had met Sharp about one hundred and fifty yards from the mill; in consequence of my wife's information, I went to the mill, I found nobody there but Agar; then I went to the stable, the door was locked, and I got in at the window; I found a sack with the mark of Surrey upon it, I untied the sack, and found in it the best wheaten flour that we make, it contained about five pecks, or thereabouts; I then went to Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Surrey
               



            ; Messrs. Surreys use the mill, Mr. Beale is the proprietor, and pays me my wages, though Mr. Surrey employs the whole of the mill; I take charge of the goods in the mill, Mr. Surrey pays so much a quarter for having it manufactured there; both the Mr. Surreys came immediately with me, they got into the stable, and I followed them, and shewed them the sack, I left the two Mr. Surreys waiting in the stable to detect the person; Mr. Surrey called out to me to assist, and I went, and there were the two prisoners about nine or ten yards from the mill.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. The mill and the stable adjoin? - A. No. my house and the mill join: it is about four or five steps from the mill to the stable.
Q. Then this property was removed five or six steps from one part of the prosecutor's premises to another? - A. Yes.
Q. The mill belongs to Mr. Beale? - A. Yes.
Q. And he pays you? - A. Yes.
Q. Is not Mr. Beale the proprietor of the goods then? - A. No, Mr. John and Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Surrey
               



            ; they pay so much a quarter for having their goods manufactured there.


                  JAMES 
                  SURREY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am in partnership with my brother, 
               
                  John 
                  Surrey
               



            ; The prisoner, Sharp, was in my employ as carter
, he had no business whatever in the mill.
Q. Had you a person of the name of Agar in your service? - A. In Mr. Beale's employ; we agree to employ the mill wholly, let there be little or much water; the whole of the corn is ours, and Mr. Beale pays the men; in consequence of information, I went with Bryan, and my brother, to our stable, we got in at the window; we got up into the hayloft by the direction of Bryan our foreman, he shewed us the sack; I did not take a light with me, it had the appearance of about five pecks of some kind of meal, I did not examine it; we waited in the hay-lost about five minutes; after that, I heard the stable-door unlock very softly, my brother was with me; the two prisoners came into the stable, but I being at the farther end of the stable could not distinguish, at that moment, who they were; I then drew near to the stable-door, I saw Sharp get into the hay-lost, Warren pulled the door after him, and stood inside, and held the door to keep it from flying open; there was nothing but a lock to the door, and that was outside; before they shut the door I could see them perfectly well; I then heard the sack draw along the boards of the hay-lost, and heard Sharp whisper to Warren, but could not hear what he said, he was about five yards from him; Warren immediately let go the door and it few open, he went up towards the rack; Sharp then gave him a sack across his shoulder; Warren took the sack out of the stable, and Sharp followed him, and looked the door after him, my brother stood by the horses all the time; we then jumped out at the window, I ran after Sharp, I caught him about forty yards from the door; Warren was by his son, with a sack across his shoulder; I told Sharp, if he made anyresistance I would shoot him; Warren then threw the sack down at my feet; I then called out for Bryan, the miller; the prisoner, Warren, then ran back towards the mill, I knew my brother must meet him; I hear my brother call out to him to stop, or he would shoot him; I then heard the report of a pistol; I immediately took Sharp back into Bryan's house; I gave Bryan charge of him, and went in pursuit of the other prisoner, leaving my pistol with Bryan; I had not got more than fifteen or twenty yards before I met my brother with the prisoner, Warren, in his custody.
Q. Do you keep your flour in your hay-lost at all? - A. No.
Court. Q. Where is your mill? - A. About a mile from Edmonton; it is called Tanners-end


.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. The prisoner, Sharp, is not a person employed in the mill? - A. No, he was my carter.
Q. Agar worked in the mill? - A. Yes.
Q. That gentleman has absconded? - A. Yes; I I have not been able to take him; I had advertised him in several papers.
Q. It is not very easy for you to miss five pecks of flour? - A. No, nor forty sacks, or five pecks every day, it is impossible to miss it.
Court. Q. Did the prisoners say any thing at all? - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  SURREY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am engaged in the mill business with my brother: I went with my brother, in consequence of Bryan's information, to the stable; we had not waited in the stable above ten minutes before I saw the door open, and two men enter, who they were I did not know, being at the furthermost corner of the stable I could not see then, but I heard one of them get into the lost.
Q. How do you know they were two men? - A. I saw them both come into the stable; I had seen the sack in the hay-lost, Bryan shewed it to me; it contained about five pecks of flour.
Q. What is the weight of five pecks of flour? - A. About seventy pounds; I heard them whisper, and then I stooped down behind the horse to conceal myself; about a minute after that, I saw somebody go out at the door, and shut it, but I supposed there was only one, upon which I did not immediately get out of the stable, but made up towards the door; when I got to the door, I whispered to my brother, but he was not there; I then got out at the window, but before I got out, I heard an holloa, which I supposed was my brother, as a signal that they were that way; I then jumped out at the window, and before I had got ten yards, I saw Warren running, he was then about ten yards from me; I called to him as loud as I could and told him, if he did not stop I would shoot him; and, as he did not stop, I fired a pistol, thinking to frighten him; he ran about twenty yards after that, and then I collared him, and brought him to Bryan's house; Sharp was in custody at Bryan's house.
Q. Did he give you any account of himself? - A. I never heard him speak a word; we delivered them both over to Bussey, a constable; we could not find the sack afterwards; Agar absconded.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Agar you have not been able to find? - A. No.
Q. You made no observation upon the sack? - No.
Q. What its contents were you do not know? - A. No.
Q. How are your sacks marked? - A. What we have bought since we began partnership are marked J. and I. Surrey; before the partnership J. Surrey.
Court. Q. Those sacks that were marked only J. Surrey, do you use them in your partnership? - A. Yes.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Whether this sack had either J. Surrey, or J. and I. Surrey, you cannot tell? - A. No.
Court. (To Bryan.) Q. How was this sack marked? - A. J. Surrey; it was one of the old sacks used before the partnership.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Is it not very common for millers to lend their sacks to other miller

s? - A. It is never customary at all, nor to any body else.


                  THOMAS 
                  BUFFEY
               



             sworn. - I am the constable of Edmonton: The two prisoners were delivered into my custody on the 18th of April; I did not hear them say any thing.
Sharp's defence. I have nothing to say because I know nothing; I am innocent of the matter.
Warren's defence. I know nothing at all of it.
The prisoner, Warren, called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Sharp, 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Warren, 

               GUILTY
            .





               Confined six months in the House of Correction
            , and 



               fined 1s.
            

Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron CHAMBRE.
