





664. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     WATKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 30th of August
, a set of fire irons, value 1 s. 6 d. a handkerchief, value 1 s. a waistcoat, value 4 s. two shirts, value 6 s. three sheets, value 8 s. a tea spoon, value 2 s. 6 d. two pair of stockings, value 2 s. 6 d. two gowns, value 4 s. 6 d. and a flat iron, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William Smalt 
                     Southey
                  




               
            .
SARAH SOUTHEY. My husband's name is 
               
                  William 
                  Smalt Southey
               



            , he is a silversmith
, No. 2, Fann street, Aldersgate street


.
Q. What is the prisoner - A. She was a servant
 of mine. I missed a great many things at different times, I never suspected her of taking them; I wanted my gown to put on, I asked her for it; she told me she had forgot to wash it, and she had given it a woman to wash. I went to the woman and asked her if she had got the gown; the woman hesitated to tell whether she had it or not, at last she said the prisoner had been to her and told her that she had forgot to wash it, that she had left it in a tub; she told her, to tell me that she had got it. I then asked the prisoner for the key of her room; she refused to give it me; my husband insisted upon her giving it him. When she was going to give it him, she pulled out something from her pocket and put it into her stays; my husband took hold of her hands and told me to feel in her pocket; I took out eight duplicates of the things that I have got; she absconded; she was afterwards taken.


                  FREDERICK 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, a servant to Mrs. Fothergill, No 106, Aldersgate street. On the 10th of December, a set of fire irons was pledged at our shop for one shilling and sixpence, by the prisoner; 12th of May, a handkerchief for one shilling, 1st of July, a waistcoat and a shirt for six shillings, and two sheets for five shillings, and a tea spoon for half a crown; 26th of July, a sheet for three shillings; all these things I took in of the prisoner.
The property produced and identified.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witnesses to her character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Year
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
