





450. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  DICKINS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of May
, a China bowl, value 3s. a shirt, value 5s. a cravat, value 3s. two handkerchiefs, value 5s. four waistcoats, value 20s. a pair of knee-caps, value 3s. and a night-cap, value 15.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Jackson
                  




               
            .
HENRY JACKSON sworn. - I live at Beckenham, in the country of Kent; I saw the China bowl on Friday, the 1st of May, in the possession of the prisoner; I met him in Cloak-lane with it in his hand, in consequence of which I applied to the Lord-Mayor for a search-warrant; I challenged the bowl as mine; he said it was not, I was mistaken; I did not take him into custody, I took the bowl from him, and lodged it at a person's house, Mr. Schroeder's, upon College-hill; on Monday, the 4th of May, I went with a Marshalman and a search-warrant to the prisoner's lodgings, in Bow-lane, Cheapside.
Q. Did you ever see the prisoner in those lodgings? - A. No; I found there a shirt, two neckcloths, a cravat, two handkerchiefs, four waistcoats, a pair of knee-caps, and a night-cap.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. How long is it since this man was in your service? - A. In December last.
Q. I suppose it is usual with you, when your servants leave you, that they should give an account of every article in their possession? - A. I did not look over his linen.
Q. Not his own linen, but you expected him to give an account of every thing that passes through his hands belonging to you? - A. Yes.
Q. You keep several servants? - A. Yes.
Q. Has it happened that other servants have been accused by you of similar transactions? - A. No.
Q. Do you know who lives with the prisoner? - A. No.
Q. You know there is a woman lives with him? A. I cannot say.
Q. The night-cap and the waistcoats, where did you find them? - A. The Marshalman found them in his boxes; the waistcoats I cannot swear to.
Q. Nor the bowl? - A. There is a certain chip in a very particular place that I can certainly venture to swear to.
Q. You have occasionally given this man some old clothes? - A. I have, but never linen.
THOMAS PARROTT sworn. - I am one of the Marshalmen: On the 4th of May I went with a search-warrant to No. 31, Bow-lane, a widow lady keeps the house; in the back room, at the up per part of the house, I found these things in a box. (Produces them).
ISAAC NEWSOP sworn. - I was with the last witness; I know no more of it than he does.
Q.(To Mr. Jackson. Q. When was it that you had the bowl from the prisoner? - A. Friday, the 1st of May; I took it from Mr. Schroeder's on Monday, the 4th.
Prisoner's defence. I had the bowl for six years; the person who saw me buy it is dead, and therefore I cannot bring him to prove it; when that bowl was cast. I should think more than that one would have been cast at the same time, and Mr. Jackson ought to be particularly careful before he takes an affidavit to it.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him. a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 42.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
