





765. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HINSTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23rd of October
, a child's petticoat, value 1d. and four shawls, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  Robert-Jefferies 
                  Calow
               




            .
ROBERT JEFFERIES CALOW sworn - I am a calico-glazer, in Blackfriars-road; I had four Norwich shawls for pressing and glazing; I sent my child with them, 
               
                  Robert 
                  Calow
               



            , to Mrs. Knight's, in the Strand, they were wrapped up in a child's petticoat.


                  ROBERT 
                  CALOW
               



             called. Q. How old are you?
- A. Ten years of age.
 Q. Have you been taught your catechism? - A. Yes.
Q. What becomes of bad people after death? - A. They go to hell.
Q. What becomes of good people? - A. They go to heaven.(Sworn.) I live with my father; I was sent to Mrs. Knight's, in the Strand, I ran after a coach when I was at Temple.b.r, about; seven o'clock in the evening, last Thursday night; the prisoner came up to me, and asked me, if he should lift me up, which he did; he ran behind the coach, till we got to the New Church, in the Strand, then he snatched the bundle from me, and ran away, he was stopped by a person that is here.
Cross-examined by Mr. Watson. Q. Where did you see the prisoner after your bundle was gone? - A. Round the corner of the church.
Q. Then you had lost sight of him? - A. Yes.


                  THOMAS 
                  MARTIN
               



             sworn. - I heard a child's voice crying loudly, stop thief, I immediately turned round and saw the prisoner close by me, with a bundle in his hand; I called out, stop him, and then he immediately dropped the bundle, which I picked up, he was stopped immediately; I never lost sight of him. (The property was deposed to by Calow.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 17.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr.Justice Heath.
