





473. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     HERBERT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of July
, a table-cloth, value 5 s. four shirts, value 12 s. an apron, value 3 s. three handkerchiefs, value 3 s. and a child's cap, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Sellman
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  EDWARDS
               



             sworn. - I am a shoemaker, I live at No. 11, King's Head-court, Long-alley


: On Tuesday, the 31st of July, about half past six o'clock in the morning, I had just sat down to work; in the absence of my wife, I saw a woman come into the room; she said she wanted a Mrs. Williams, I suspected she was after no good, and told her to go down again; I saw her go into the house of Mrs. Sellman.
Q. Was it the same woman that came into your room that you saw go into Mrs. Sellman's? - A. Yes; I watched her from the door, I live nearly opposite; she was in about ten minutes, she came out with a parcel of loose things in her arms.
Q. Did you see whether there was anybody there? - A. The shutters were shut; I saw her come out with the things under her arm, I was working with my shirt-sleeves tucked up; I pulled them down and ran after her, I soon overtook her, and before I got quite close to her she dropped the things; I picked up the things, and called out stop thief; a young lad laid hold of her, and I brought her back to Mr. Sellman's, he was ill in bed; I got him up, and sent for an officer and gave charge of her, the officer has got the things.
- NELSON sworn. - I am an officer, I produce the things.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  SELLMAN
               



             sworn. - I know nothing of the robbery, I know the things are mine.
Prisoner's defence. May it please you my Lord, I went to enquire for Mrs. Williams, I was going to look after some needle-work; I called at Mrs. Sellman's; I went up two pair of stairs to inquire for Mrs. Williams, she came out of Yorkshire; I asked the gentleman for her, he told me she did not live there; I immediately came out of the house, when that young man came to me; he said, you must go back with me; I went back, and was carried into the same house, and the first sight that ever I saw of the things was, that gentleman called Mrs. Sellman, and Mrs. Sellman came and kicked the things down stairs; as I stand before Almighty God, I never saw the things before; the young woman told me she lodged at No. 11; my friends have been here three days, they are not able to lose any more time.
Jury. (To Edwards.) Q. Whether you are perfectly sure that is the same woman that dropped the bundle? - A. I positively swear she is the same woman, she had a black eye at the same time.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Hotham
               



            .
