





335. 
               
                  
                     MATILDA 
                     SNOWSWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 23d of March
, a black silk cloak, value 10 s. a gown, value 8 s. a frock, value 2 s. two lace frills, value 5 s. and a pellise, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Townsend
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  TOWNSEND
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Townsend
               



            ; he is a porter
.
Q. Did you lose a black silk cloak and other articles - A. Yes; I lost them from my lodgings on the 23rd of March, about a quarter before seven o'clock; I had seen them safe about a quarter past three.
Q. Do you know whether you left the prisoner at home or not. - A. I did. She was with me in the front parlour; when I came back, she was gone. On the 26th, I had an officer with me, I found her in Royal Tent Court, in the Borough; I charged her with having robbed me; she acknowledged it, and begged for mercy.
Q. Did you tell her it would be better for her to tell you. - A. I did: and she did tell me.
Q. Then we must not hear it. - A. I found the pellise on the bed where I found her; the other things were down stairs in the lower apartment, all but the cloak. She was a lodger to Mrs. Green; she directed us up stairs.


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live at No. 12, Long Acre. On the 24th of March, a woman pledged a black silk cloak in the name of Jones; I advanced three shillings upon it.


                  ROBERT 
                  BOOTH
               



            . I am a constable. On the 26th of March, I took the prisoner in Royal Tent court, Kent-street, in the Borough. In the two pair of stairs room where I apprehended her, I found a pellise on the bed; the remainder of the articles I found below by the prisoner's direction.
(The property produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutrix lent me these things on the 23rd of March, I promised to bring them home on Friday; I parted with the cloak on Thursday night. On Monday night she told me if I would give her a two pound note, she would not take me before a justice.
Q. to prosecutrix. Did ever you lend her these things on the promise for her to bring them back on the Friday night. - A. No; nor she never asked me the question.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex before Mr. Common Serjeant.
