





456. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     HAYWARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of August
, a silver watch, value 2 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Rich
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Clare
                     



.


                  GEORGE 
                  RICH
               



             sworn. On Thursday evening the 7th of August, about ten o'clock in the evening, I met this woman on Westminster bridge; she asked me to give her a glass of ale, I went into a public house and gave her a glass of ale; she then asked me to go with her to a house in Whitcomb street


, I went into a house there with her, and we went into a room by ourselves, when I went in the room I pulled out my watch and put it on the table; in about a quarter of an hour she left the room and went down stairs, I went out of the room directly after her, and when I got down stairs I recollected my watch, I went up stairs again into the bed room we were in and the watch was gone; I told the people of the house of it.
Q. You did not recollect your watch before you came out of the room. - A. No, and when I came down stairs again, the woman was gone out of the house, I went out of the door but I could not find her, I did not see her again till she was apprehended; Gillmore the officer, shewed me the watch at Queen square.


                  JOHN 
                  GILLMORE
               



             sworn. I am an officer of Queen square. On Monday night the 11th of October, I was out with a warrant to take up disorderly persons; on Tuesday morning about two o'clock, I apprehended the prisoner at the corner of Whitcomb Street, in company with two other women of the town, I saw her almost in a state of nakedness, and two women were dressing her, I conveyed them all three to the watchhouse; in the pocket of the prisoner I found this watch, I asked her how she cameby it, she told me it was her husband's watch; there being a particular mark in the inside case, I asked her if she knew the watch by any particular mark on the inside case, she said there was no mark in the inside case, it was quite plain; that convinced me it was not her husband's watch; I enquired at all the houses in Whitcomb street, till I found the prosecutor out.
Prisoner. Mr. Gilmore asked me for five pounds, and then he said I should have the watch again; he found a tin box in my pocket and fifteen duplicates, there he stands.
Gilmore. The box and the duplicates are as she describes, but all the rest is false; why, I hold the duplicates are for five shillings, it is not five pound, it is for what she had at the watchhouse that I am accountable for.
(The watch identified by the prosecutor.)


                  MARY 
                  PARSONS
               



             sworn. Q. Do you live servant at this house in Whitecombe street. - A. Yes, I recollect the prosecutor coming on that night to the house with the young woman.
Q. Who keeps the house. - A. 
               
                   
                  John Clare
               

            .
Q. Do you remember whether the prosecutor went back again. - A. Yes, the prisoner went out and the gentleman followed her, he went into the street, and came back again; he told us he had lost his watch, he left his address, and when Mr. Gilmore enquired we told him.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw that lady in my life before, nor do I ever recollect seeing that gentleman before I saw him on Westminster bridge; he wanted to do a very bad thing with me, and instead of the money he gave me the watch to keep me quiet, he said he had not a farthing of money about him; he wanted to do that which does not become a man.




               GUILTY
            , aged 30.
Of stealing only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
