






220. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     NEAGLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of March
, five pounds weight of pewter, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Yates
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     James-Edward 
                     Yates
                  



               
            .
JAMES-
               
                  EDWARD 
                  YATES
               



             sworn. - I am a pewterer

; my partner's name is 
               
                  Richard 
                  Yates
               



            ; the prisoner had worked for us, as a journeyman pewterer
, about eight or nine years; I suspected the prisoner, and set a man to watch him.


                  HENRY 
                  STRINGER
               



             sworn. - I am apprentice to Mr. Yates, No. 20, Shoreditch; my master set me to watch the prisoner on Wednesday, the 20th of March; about one o'clock I saw him take a piece of metal from a hole under his work-bench in the shop, and take it towards the privy; I went and told my master.
Q. Was that hole made on purpose or by accident? - A. By accident; it is left so.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FRANCIS
               



             sworn. - I am journeyman to Messrs. Yates; when the prisoner was brought back, after he had been out of my master's house, I searched him, and took the pewter out of his breeches.
Q. Do you know whose metal it is? - A. I believe it is my master's.
Q.(To Stringer.) Look at that piece of metal; Is that the piece of metal you saw the prisoner take? - A. It is like the same piece of metal.
Q.(To Prosecutor.) Do you know the piece of metal? - A. I never saw it before I saw it come out of the prisoner's breeches; it is the same that we have melted, and I believe it to be the same sort that another man was casting in the same kind of a mould, and this was what remained.
Prisoner's defence. I went to the hole to put some tobacco in; the hole is open to every one; the piece of metal was given me by another man in the shop to cast, and it was not good enough, I did not cast it; I was going out to dinner; the door was locked; I waited till the door was unlocked and then went out, and my master hauled me in and insisted upon searching of me; I opened my waistcoat and my breeches; my breeches were broke, both between my legs and both my knees, and when I sat down I picked this piece of metal up; I did not have it when I went out.
Prosecutor. I took him out in the street, and saw the metal taken from his breeches after I had followed him out into the street.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
