





606. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  LEACH
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of May
, a copperpot, value 6s.
             the property of 
               
                  George 
                  Branburg
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEE
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman, near the Thatched-house, Islington: On the 24th of May, about ten o'clock at night, I observed two men standing under a high garden fence, where there were a great many nettles; I stopped with my lanthorn, and one of them pretended to stoop down to ease himself, and the other stood by; I met my brother watchman, I told him to go round the other side of the row, and I would meet him, and see what they were doing; then they went away. About half past three o'clock in the morning, I saw two men; one of them took a copperpot from out of the nettles, and put it upon his shoulder; they went towards the Rosemary Branch; I desired a young man to watch them, and I would go round another way; I went to my partner, and we pulled our coats off, and went after them; we overtook them about thirty or forty yards from the 
               
                  Rosemary 
                  Branch
               



            ; they carried it about a quarter of a mile, and then dropped it; I cannot say which of them had the pot; I took hold of the prisoner three or four yards from the pot; the prisoner said to the other with an oath, why don't you pull out a knife and stab them; the other turned round, and seeing that we had hold of the prisoner, he made his escape, and left his hat and a little bag behind him; we took him to Mr. Branburg, and he owned the pot; the prisoner offered me a guinea to let him go, but I told him I would not.
Prisoner. It was himself that proposed that question to me, he said he would let me go it I would give him a guinea.
- SOUTHERN sworn. - I am a watchman; Iwas with the last witness; I cannot say which of the two had the pot; we took him to the office, he would not go without a coach; we put him into a coach, and going along he pleaded very innocent, and I said, if you are innocent, why did you offer my partner a guinea; he said he did that for his character's sake; I then said, what did you talk of slabbing him for, that could not touch you character, and then he offered me a watch out of his pocket to say nothing about the knife.
JOHN FRANKLING sworn. - I was constable of the night; the two watchman brought me this copper pot, (producing it); I went with them in the coach, and was present when the prisoner offered his watch to the watchman not to say any thing about the knife.


                  GEORGE 
                  BRANBURG
               



             sworn. - I believe this to be my pot, but I have no mark upon it; it had been used that very day, I have no doubt of its being mine; it was taken from a back kitchen adjoining the house; the yard door, from the neglect of the servant, had been left open that night.
Prisoner's defence. I had been ill a considerable time, and the doctor ordered me to bathe early in the morning, and as I was going home from the New River, these men attacked me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
