






250. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ANDERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of April
, ten pounds weight of coffee, value 20 s.
             the property of his Majesty's Commissioners of Excise.



                     RICHARD 
                     HUDSON
                  




               
             was also indicted for the like offence, in company with the said 
               
                  John 
                  Anderson
               



            .
Second, Third, and Fourth Count, The same as the former, only varying the manner of charging.
And Fifth Count, The property of persons to the Jurors unknown.
(The indictment was read by Mr. Curwood; and the case stated by Mr. Fielding.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  WISDOM
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are an Excise locker? - A. Yes.
Q. This coffee was under the charge of the Excise? - A. Yes.
Q. Where is the warehouse situated? - A. Galley-quay


: On Saturday, the 6th of April, about a quarter after two, I was on my duty on the quay and saw 
               
                  John 
                  Anderson
               



             and another man; I had suspicion that they were doing something they should not do; I was on the watch, and saw them go up Galley-quay that leads to the warehouse.
Q. Did you know the other man at that time? - A. No; about the middle of the gateway, on the left hand side, there are steps that go into the warehouse; there is a side-rope, and the man that was with Anderson took hold of that rope and pulled it three or four times - whether it was a signal to any body inside I cannot tell; he then went up the gateway, and I saw no more of him; 
               
                  John 
                  Anderson
               



            , the prisoner, placed himself nearly opposite to the loop-hole, at a cellar-window, nearly opposite to where the coffee came out; in a few minutes afterwards I saw this coffee in a bag thrown out of the loop-hole; Anderson then got from his station, where he was placed, and took the coffee up immediately.
Q. Was Anderson so placed that he could see any body in the loop-hole? - A. Yes, and the man at the loop-hole could see any person facing it, and you could not see him where I was; Anderson was in a manner waiting for it; then I followed him immediately, and he turned on the right hand into Thames-street; he passed one gateway, and went down Brewer's quay gateway; he went to the water side and made a turn round, and came back and went to a jigger, or a capstan bar of a vessel; I stopped him in the crook of the lighter, and asked him where he got that coffee; he said out of a lighter; I told him he did not, and if he would go with me, I would shew him some more of the same sort, which he refused to do; after some little altercation, I persuaded him to go with me into the gateway; I desired him to put the coffee down, and compare it with the coffee on the ground, as the apron it had been tied up in had spilled some on the ground; I compared it, and the comparison was exactly alike; he would not give up the coffee to me, nor would he go away from the place; I then told him I should detain both him and the coffee, until I could get another officer to relieve me; in a few minutes a Custom-house officer of the name of Harding came, and I gave the prisoner in charge to him, the coffee lying then on the ground; I gave both to him, and remained on the quays watching; when Mr. Deer came from dinner I informed him of the circumstance, and he agreed to make a general search; it might be near half an hour before we made the search.
Court. Q. Did any body come out of the warehouse at that time? - A. No, I was the person that locked it up; I stopped there to guard the warehouse; I watched it all the time I was there; I stood on the stairs; nobody could come out, and when it was unlocked I unlocked it.
Prisoner Anderson. Q. Pray, Mr. Wisdom, could you see the loop-hole from where you stood at the time the coffee came out? - A. I cannot say I could exactly.
Court. Q. Was there any place that it could come from but that loop-hole? - A. No.
Q. Did you ever lose sight of him from the time you saw him pick up this coffee to the time you apprehended him? - A. No.
Prisoner Anderson. Q. I went down Chester-quay gate with it? - A. No such thing, you passed Chester-quay.
Q. I went to the lighter and picked it up - Did you find the coffee on me? - A. Certainly I did.
Q. All the coffee that is in that bag? - A. That will be brought to light by the next witness.


                  RICHARD 
                  HARDING
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Were you given in charge of the prisoner Anderson? - A. I took him in charge and the coffee, and lodged it in the King's warehouse till the Commissioners were gone; after that I have had it in possession ever since.
Q. Did the prisoner say any thing at the time when you apprehended him? - A. He told me that he would enter an action against me for his apron, and when I lodged the coffee in the King's warehouse he ordered me to put his name to it, as part of his seizure; I told him to go about his business; I said, you rascal, you are not worthy to come into such a place as this; I went into the warehouse, and I took charge of the prisoner myself.
Court. When you took charge of him you told him to go.
Mr. Knapp. Q. You took charge of the coffee and discharged him? - A. I did not discharge him, he followed me with the coffee.
Court. Q. He might have gone away with the coffee if he pleased? - A. No, he could not do that, because I took the coffee from him.
Q. What did you do with the man that you had with the coffee? - A. He stood on a lighter.

Q. You did not keep him in custody? - A. No, I wanted to find out the right of it.
Q. How could you find out the right of it to let the man go; I hope they will not keep you in the Custom-house any longer - At the time you did not keep the prisoner in custody, he remained on the quays? - A. Yes.
Mr. Knapp. Q. You went up into the warehouse with Mr. Deer? - A. I did; when Mr. Deer opened the warehouse, he said, their he lies.
Q. That was Hudson - Did you take him into custody? - A. Yes; he was lying on a kind of shelf, that had some tiles over it, facing the roof in the warehouse; I kept him there while Mr. Deer searched to see if he could find any picklock keys; I told Hudson that Peg-leg (Anderson has a wooden leg) had the coffee, and it was in my possession; he said he would give him a good basting for it; Mr. Deer came and said to Hudson, my good fellow, how did you get up into this warehouse; he said he walked up; Mr. Deer said, you had better tell the truth; then he said, Peg-leg told me, if I came up here, I should find some coffee; I brought him down stairs, and hand-cuffed him, and took him to the Compter.
Court. Q. You have not told us when you took Anderson? - A. In about half an hour afterwards; I knew him perfectly; he was what we call a scuffle-hunter.
Court. Q. A frequenter of the Quays? - A. Yes.
Mr. Knapp. Q. I believe you took him afterwards on the Quays, on Mr. Deer desiring you to do it? - A. Yes.
- DEER sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am warehouse-keeper of Galley-quay; I went up into the warehouse and the officer followed me, and in the first room I searched I saw 
               
                  Richard 
                  Hudson
               



            , laying all along, with his head on a beam; I said, there lies the man; I went to the man, and said, come down; he made no reply; I had a stick in my hand, and I struck the prisoner Hudson on the side; he did not move; I took hold of him, and pulled him down; he did not then speak; I said to him, do not sham it any longer, come forward, I took him by the collar, and said, lay hold of him; he did; we dragg'd him along the warehouse: Harding found a knife, and after we had taken the man, I found this pick-lock exactly where he laid; I believe it will open all my locks.
Q. Did you notice any of the bags? - A. I found that a bag was cut; I have every reason to believe that the coffee came out of that bag.
Court. Q. You found a bag cut and some coffee taken out? - A. Yes.
Q. Whose warehouse is that? - A. Robbin, James, and Edward Curling's warehouse.
Q. Under the Excise custom locks, in the warehouse of Messrs. Curling? - A. Yes; my locks are likewise in the warehouse.
Hudson's defence. I was in liquor, and strolled up there; I did not know where I was when Mr. Deer took me.
Anderson did not say any thing in his defence.
Anderson, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 35.
Hudson, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 26.





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
