





424. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BAMPTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of April
, one hat, value 10s. one neckhandkerchief, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Fitzgerald
                  




               
            .
MATTHEW FITZCERALD sworn. - I am a gardener
, I work in a market-garden at Ealing; on the night of the 18th of April, the prisoner at the bar came to my quarters, and said he was very badly off for a lodging, and he called for a pint of beer, he told me he could get no lodging in the town, there were so many soldiers, he was afraid he should walk the street, and I made reply to him, and said, he should have half my bed before he should walk the street; he was complaining he had no money, and I called for four pints of beer at different times, and gave him his supper, and put him to bed alone with my self, and the next morning when I went off at five o'clock to work, I left him in bed; he took a hat, a pair of stockings, and a shirt and handkerchief; when I came home to dinner I found the prisoner was gone, and I missed my things; I followed him in pursuit to Brentford, and I heard that he went off in the Windsor coach; I found the prisoner; I said you have used me very bad for my civility last night, you took away my things; I took him to the Feathers, and kept him there until the constable was fetched; the hat and handkerchief were found; I did not find the stockings or shirt, I am sure he is the man.
JAMES FULLER sworn. I belong to the Westminster militia; the prisoner came into my quarters at Brentford, the sign of the Goat, about half after four o'clock, and said that he had enlisted with James Brisley; he said he was very much distressed, and wished to swap his hat for another old one; this is the hat; I gave him also 3s. I swap'd with him for the serjeant.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHNSON
               



             sworn. - The hat I received from the last witness, on Tuesday the 19th of April, at my quarters; I heard that the prisoner was in custody at the sign of the Feathers.
Prosecutor. This is my handkerchief and my hat.
Prisoner's defence. I bought the hat and the handkerchief together, in the street.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
