






643. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     DENT
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of August
, a shawl, value 2 s. a half shawl, value 1 s. a child's petticoat, value 1 s. a shift, value 4 s. a child's bed gown, value 1 s. half a guinea, and a bank note, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Lawrence
               




            .


                  SARAH 
                  LAWRENCE
               



            . I am a servant
, while I am able to get my bread. I am now in Hornsey workhouse. When I was a servant, I lived in Castle-street, Falcon-square, I left my place to go to Hornsey; and left my box in the prisoner's care some time the latter end of June. Being destitute of clothes, I came to town on the 7th of August; not finding my things as I left them, I left my box locked and corded; but I left more clothes that were not locked fast; when I enquired for them, she said she had pledged them; distress had drove her to do it; Ishould have them in a week or a fortnights time.
Q. Which of them said that. - A.Elizabeth Davis; the box was left in her care. She sent me them things according to her promise. Being unable to search my box when I fetched it from her house, I did not miss any thing directly. When I missed the things, I sent to her directly.
Q. How long was it after that you missed them. - A.Three days; she said she knew nothing about them; I sent to her; then I came to town in a fortnight before I was able; I had laid in. Afterwards Davis owned she took them out of the box, and that Dent had part of them.
Q. What is Davis, the woman. - A. I do not know, her husband is a glass cutter; they lived in Nelson's-passage, Arthur-street, Goswell-street. I do not know what the other woman is; the things that were pawned the pawnbrokers gave them up. I lost a one pound bank note and a half a guinea out of my box.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  BROAD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker's servant in Aldersgate-street. On the 18th of August, 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Dent
               



             pledged a shawl at our shop.


                  FREDERICK 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I live with Mrs. Fothergill, Aldersgate-street. I was present when Davis pawned a shift for three shillings and sixpence, a child's gown, nine pence halfpenny, a patchwork, and a shawl, and a petticoat, for a shilling, They are all pledged in Davis' name; I recollect both these women coming.
Q. Did they come together. - A. No, separate.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . On the 12th of August the prosecutrix came to me, and told me that her box had been opened, and some of the things taken out. I went with her to Davis' house; Davis produced the duplicates to me; she told me that Dent pursuaded her to do it. I apprehended Dent, she lived opposite; she said Davis brought her into it.
Davis said nothing in her defence, called two witnesses, who gave her a good character.
Dent's Defence. I know nothing at all about the box; she brought the shawl down stairs to me, and asked me to pledge it.
DAVIS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            

DENT, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
