





166. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SECKRIE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of February
, a sack, value 1 s. and three bushels of oats, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edwin 
                     Savill
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Savill
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Savill
                  



               
            .
(The case stated by Mr. Gurney.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  SAVILL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Will you be so good as to give us the names of your partners? - A. 
               
                  Edwin 
                  Savill
               



            , my father; William, myself; and Joseph, my brother; we are brass and copper merchant


s, in the Minories


; the prisoner at the bar has been our carman
 ten years, in Grace's yard, Minories; we have two sacks of oats, besides beans and chaff, come in weekly for the supply of the horses; each sack containing three-bushels; on the afternoon of the 26th of January I went into the stable, and saw the whole of the week's supply in the stable.
Q. There were two sacks of oats there? - A. Yes, I examined them on Monday, and found one opened, I suppose for the use of the horses, the other remained untied; the foreman marked the sack on the Tuesday following, by my desire, in my presence; the other sack was decreased, but it should have been consumed by the horses on Friday evening; I directed the foreman to watch after the whole of the men were gone, and on Saturday I ordered the prisoner into custody.


                  ALDER 
                  MAMER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Did you watch? - A. Yes, in the warehouse, opposite the stable door; I began my watch about twenty minutes past eight o'clock; the prisoner was then in the stable; I saw 
               
                  Charles 
                  Mitchell
               



             coming up the yard and go into the stable; Seckrie came out, after a little while, and looked all about the yard, for the space of two minutes, and then went in again; he came out again for a few minutes and went in again, and in two minutes afterwards Charles Mitchell came out with a sack on his shoulder; Seckrie shut to the door; I followed close to Mitchell, to John-street, in the Minories, where he pitched it off his left shoulder into a cart; then I collared him directly; I asked him what he had got there; he struggled and got from me; I brought the sack back to my master's.
Q. Was it the same sack you had marked on Tuesday? - A. Yes, in my master's presence.
Q. Was it full of oats? - A. As full as it came in before.
Q. (To Prosecutor.) What is the value of these oats? - A. More than ten shillings the three bushels.
Q. Have you looked at the sack; is it the sack that your servant marked? - A. It is the same sack that my servant marked in my presence.



               GUILTY
            , aged 43.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
