





558. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     WILKES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of June
, a pocketbook, value 1s. a cork-screw, value 6d. a pair of scissars, value 6d. a pair of compasses, value 6d. a knife, value 6d. and a rule, value 6d. a Bank note, value 1l. and two promissory notes, value 10l. each
            , the property of Sir


                     William 
                     Young
                  




               
            , Bart.
Sir 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  YOUNG
               



            , Bart. sworn. - My pocket was picked on Tuesday, the 14th of June, between twelve and one, in Fenchurch-street


, as I was going to Mark-lane; I felt my left-hand coatpocket light; a carter cried out, there goes the man who robbed you; turning my head, I saw only one man going down Mincing-lane from me; he looked round, and began running; it was the prisoner; I ran after him, and cried stop thief; I did not lost sight of him till he was stopped about two hundred yards down the lane by a young man; just as he was stopped, I saw him take a pocket-book from his pocket, and throw it upon the pavement; I ran up with a man in the lane to where the book was; the man picked it up, and gave it me; I opened it, and shewed a letter directed to me; I put it into my pocket, and we conducted the prisoner into a court-yard, and shut the gate; the prisoner was taken before the Lord Mayor; the letter being of importance, the Lord-Mayor gave it me, and I left the book, the one-pound, and two ten-pound Bank-notes with him, after signing my initials on them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DOWNING
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to Mr. Burke, in Tokenhouse-yard, and was coming from Mincing-lane on the 14th of June, and heard the cry of stop thief; I saw the prisoner running fast towards me, and a number of people following him; I run after the prisoner, and stopped him; I got hold of his coat, and he threw away a pocketbook; I detained him till Sir William came up; he was taken into custody; Sir William gave me a card out of his book.
ROBERT - sworn. - I am a warehouseman, and was in the accompting-house, No. 3, Mincing-lane; I heard the cry of stop thief; I went out, and saw the prisoner running, and Downing stop him, and the prisoner throw a book away; I picked it up, and gave it Sir William Young; it was red outside, and green inside.(The pocket-book produced by the constable, and identified.)
Prisoner's defence. As I was passing, I heard thecry of stop thief; I run as well as others; there was another person ran past me; I know nothing of it.
Sir 
               
                  William 
                  Young
               



            . He said he found it in Fenchurch-street, before the Magistrate.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
