






842. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOWE
                  





               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BOLSOVER
                  





               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of October
, two sculls, value 10s. and a boat-hook, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Allen
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Holland
                  



               
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Gurney.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLLAND
               



             sworn. - I am in partner

ship with 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Allen
               



            ; these sculls are ours; on the evening of the 8th of October they were in my skiff fastened to some timber under my premises; my servant locked them.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Do you not know it is the constant practice for the men to take the nearest sculls, when they cannot conveniently get at their own? - A. I don't know of any such custom; I am not a waterman.
- CARTER sworn. - I locked up these sculls on the evening of the 8th of October, between six and seven o'clock; there is a bolt goes throught the sculls, and then there is an eye to which the padlock is fixed; the next morning they were gone; these are the sculls (pointing to them.)
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. How long have you been used to the water? - A. About a year and a half.
Q. Have you not often seen watermen take other sculls than their own, and return them again? - A. Yes.
Q. Mr. Gurney. Q. Did you ever see them pick locks? - A. No.


                  RICHARD 
                  DALBY
               



             sworn. - I am a Thames Police officer: About half past two in the morning of the 9th of October, I was at St. Catherine'sstairs; I was hailed, and I pulled after a skiff, which went against a sloating rast of timber; there were two men in the boat; one of them jumped out, and made his escape; I got into the boat, and found the prisoner Howe sitting down; I asked him what he had in the boat; he gave me a great deal of abusive language; I examined a great coat that laid in the boat, and found this dark-lantern and matches, and a picklock-key; there were also a pair of sculls and a boat-hook; he refilled very forcibly, and pulled out a knife, but was prevented from opening it; the other man was pursued and secured.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Do you not know it is the continual practice on the River for one waterman to take another man's sculls? - A. No, I do not know that it is; I am no waterman, nor Mr. Holland either.
Q. Perhaps you know these men were convited as rogues and vagrants for this very supposed offence?
Q. Court. That they could not be.
Mr. Gurney. It was not as that time discovered whose these sculls were.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MAIRE
               



             sworn. - I am a Thames Police officer; I was in the boat with Mr. Dalby; I assisted in securing Howe; he wrestled very hard, and would not come into our boat; I laid hold ofhim by the collar, and he sell over one of the thwarts; he put his hand into his pocket, and pulled out this knife (producing it,) and said, "you b - r, I will cut your bl - y guts out; "I prevented his opening it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMAS
               



             sworn. - I saw Bolsover jump out of the boat; I pursued him, and caught him about seven or eight seet from the boat; I had hold of him, and struggled with him for a considerable time; he dragged me into Mr. Holland's skiff, which was lying on the timber; I secured Bolsover; he never got out of my hands; I shewed Mr. Cowen the skiff into which Bolsover had dragged me.


                  GEORGE 
                  COWEN
               



             sworn. - On the morning of the 9th of October, I went up to St. Catherine's, about half past three o'clock; as soon as it was light I examined Mr. Holland's skiff; I found in midships a padlock and two bunches of picklockkeys; I found this hanger just over the bows of Mr. Holland's boat; it hung upon the chain (produces them); one of the picklock-keys opened the padlock.
Q. (To Carter.) Is that Mr. Holland's padlock? - A. It is.
Mr Alley. Q. (To Cowen.) Do you not know that watermen frequently take oats that don't belong to themselves? - A. I believe they borrow and lend.
Q. Is it not the custom to take them without asking leave? - A. I do not know; I am not a waterman.
Hawe's defence. I was going on board the Salem, of London; I was in liquor, and sell asleep in my boat.
Bolsover's defence. I rowed up a fare to the Tower; I went to look about twelve o'clock if my boat was safe, and found she was gone, and when I was taken, I was feeling under the timber to see if she had got under the timber.
For the prisoner's.


                  THOMAS 
                  HILL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Alley Q. Here is an indictment with your name to it for stealing a boat; had you a boat stolen from you? - A. No.
Q. Did not the Police officers make you prefer the indictment? - A. Yes.
Q. Is it not a common thing for watermen to take boats and sculls, without any intention to steal? - A. Yes.
Court. Q. Did you tell the Garand Jury you had not lost your boat? - A. Yes, I told the Grand Jury it was a common thing to take boats.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. The boat in which the prisoners were is your boat? - A. Yes.
Q. You know the prisoners? - A. Yes.
Q. You know them well? - A. I know that man Bolsover, and and I know the other, but not so long as I have known Bolsover.
Q. They have been in the habit of borrowing your boat? - A. I have told him to take my boat whenever he wanted it.
Q. Did you tell the Grand Jury that? - A. I cannot recollect whether I told the Grand Jury so or not; I told the Grand Jury it was a common thing to take one another's boats.
Q. Did you tell the Grand Jury you had given him leave to take your boat? - A. I cannot recollect.
Q. Who has been with you since you were before the Grand Jury, to induce you not to give such evidence as you could give? - A. Nobody.
Q. Upon your oath have you not been applied to, to forbear prosecuting? - A. I have not.
Q. Have you not seen that gentleman, Mr. Ives, the solicitor for these prisoners? - A. I have seen him many times about the Court.
Q. Have you been in company with him? - A. I have not.
Q. Have you not been in company with the prisoners friends during the whole of this sessions? - A. They are all fellow-servants of mine.
Q. Have you not been in company with Mr. Ives within this fortnight? - A. I have been in the same room; we have not been drinking together.
Q. Have you had no conversation with him since the prisoners have been taken up? - A. I cannot recollect.
Q. You say it is a customary thing to borrow each others boats and sculls? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you make free with boats that are not watermen's? - A. Our fellow-servants boats.
Q. Is it customary to break locks? - A. Yes, if they belong to our fellow-servants.


                  CHARLES 
                  PEARCE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Alley. Q. I believe you have been a waterman many years? - A. I have.
Q. Is it customary on the Thames to take boats and sculls away? - A. It is customary among watermen to take one anothers boats, and they are returned back again.
Q. You never consider it as stealing them? - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Have you ever known when a lock has been fixed to a scull or a boat, that that lock has been broke? - A. No; when there has been a chain through them, and not locked, I have taken them myself.
Q. Would you, according to this custom, take a fail-maker's boat, and break a padlock? - A. No, I would not.
JAMES HINCKLING sworn. - I am a lighterman. Q. Is it customary for watermen to borrow each others boats and sculls? - A. Yes, it is done every day
Mr. Gurney. Q. Is it a part of this custom ofyours on the River to carry dark-lanterns and picklock-keys in your boats? - A. No.
Howe, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.
Bolsover, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 35.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
