





631. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 1st. of August
, ten pound weight of lead pipe, value, 2 s. and a brass cock, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ralph 
                     Harris
                  




               
            .


                  RALPH 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a picture frame maker
, I live at 43, Marylebone-lane


. On Friday August the 31st, about six o'clock in the morning, I went down to my back kitchen to turn my water off, it was on flush, and about half past eight I heard the water running in a very peculiar manner; I went down and saw a piece of the pipe with the cock was twisted off; in about half an hour, from information of my neighbour, I saw the man in custody at the watch-house; the pipe was found upon him.
Q. Did you match it afterwards. - A. Yes, it matched it exactly.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I was going along Marylebone-lane. On the 31st of August, about half after eight o'clock, I saw the prisoner with something under his coat, I told Mr. Love; we followed him and found out his residence. We procured an officer, and the officer went up stairs into his own apartment; the said brass cock and pipe was found. I saw the prisoner brought down.
Q. Did you see what he had when he ran along. - A. Yes, he had the pipe as he was going along.
MR. LOVE. I was at my own door; Mr. Davis said the prisoner was gone along with something under his coat; we followed him and the property was found on him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CRANK
               



            . I am an officer; I went to his apartment and found the property; the moment he saw me he used a great deal of violence; had it not been for Mr. Love he would have got from me. I matched the the pipe, it corresponded exactly.
The property produced and identified.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
