







717. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COOPER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th of September

, a silver breast plate, value 30 s. five yards of toilenett, value 36 s. a piece of nankeen, value 10 s. and eight black silk handkerchiefs, value 28 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Pulsford
                        



                     
                   in his dwelling house
            , and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             for 


               feloniously receiving on the same day, three black silk handkerchiefs, value 10 s. 6 d. part of he said goods, she knowing them to have been stolen,
            



                  WILLIAM 
                  PULSFORD
               



            . Q. Where is your dwelling house. - A No. 4, King-street, St. James's square, in the parish of St. James's



. I rent the whole house; I am a regimental taylor
.
Q. Did you lose a silver breast plate, nankeen, black toilenett, and silk handkerchiefs - A. Yes; I missed them at different periods; they were in my possession within a fortnight before I missed them. Cooper was a journeyman painter
 employed in painting my house at that time.
Q. How long was he employed in painting your house. - A. Better than a fortnight, I think it was in October, I cannot say exactly.
Q. While he was in your house had he an opportunity of going in these rooms where these things were deposited during your absence. - A. Yes, the key was in the key hole. He wished to have the door open of the back parlour, during the time he was painting the passage. I was in the parlour; when he had done, I came out and turned the key, and left it in the door I saw one silk handkerchief at the pawnbroker's, and the next day the pawnbroker brought me nearly the remainder of them, within about three black silk handkerchiefs; I have seen the breast plate and the nankeen, and a yard of toilenett; there are some black silk handkerchiefs and some toilenett I have not been able to recover.
Q. The woman prisoner was never in your house to your knowledge. - A. Never.


                  DAVID 
                  BATES
               



            . I am journeyman to Mr. Hinkesman, pawnbroker, Broad-street. St. Giles, I know both the prisoners. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Williams
               



             pledged a black silk handkerchief on the 28th of September; I am sure she is the woman, I took in the article myself; she sold two other handkerchiefs at our shop on the same day. There were two waistcoat pieces of toilenett pledged at our shop, I do not know who they were pawned by, I did not take them in.


                  GEORGE 
                  DONALDSON
               



            . I am a constable. I took up Cooper at the corner of Maiden-lane, were he was painting a room, on the 7th of October; he told me his name and residence. I searched him, I found nothing; I went to his lodgings. No. 3, Stuart's rents, in the back parlour; I searched the woman, they pass as man and wife; I said to the woman I suppose you are not married; no, she said she was not. I found this duplicate in her pocket of a black silk handkerchief, pawned on the 6th of October, for two shillings by Williams, I believe; there are four duplicates of one silk handkerchief, that had been pledged and redeemed. I told Mr. Hinkesman to bring the things forward, and the next time they brought these things forward to the prosecutor, Cooper was present. When I found this duplicate, the woman said first of all that she bought this ticket of the handkerchief of a sailor, he took a fancy to a yellow silk handkerchief and she changed it for a black one.
Q. to Bates. Is that the duplicate that you gave her for the black silk handkerchiefs. - A. Yes.
Q. How came you to buy these things. - A. The silver the prisoner Cooper offered to sell in our shop; Mrs. Hinckesman was in the shop at the same time, about three weeks ago.
Q. Cooper brought the silver breast plate and offered it for sale in your shop, how much was given for it. - A. Three shillings; it was doubled up so that we could not distinguish what it was.
Q. Whether it was doubled up or not, you could tell by the weight that it was a great deal more. - A. The shop was being repaired; the things were put of one side; the scales were not handy.
Q. Are you sure that the prisoner was the man who brought it, and to whom the money was paid. - A I am.
Q. Is Mr. Hinckesman here. - A. No, it was not Mr. Hinckesman that bought them, but Mrs. Hinckesman; she offered three shillings for the silver as he was going out of the shop; he returned, and it was bought for three shillings.
Q. Why did not he order the person here that bought them. - A. He was not ordered by the magistrate.
Prisoner. Did you ever see me bring a thing of this kind. - A. Yes, the silver was brought by you.
Prisoner. There is every thing that is possible that that person is saying is quite false. I deny that the breast plate ever came from Mr. Pulsford.
The property produced and identified.
Q. to prosecutor. What is the value of that breast plate. - A. I am charged thirty five shillings for it, with the engraving the silver thirty shillings; the silk handkerchiefs cost me three shillings and six pence each by the dozen.
Cooper's Defence. I never took any act or part in taking of any thing away during the time I was at work at Mr. Pulsford's house.
Williams was not put upon her defence.
COOPER, GUILTY, aged 31.
Of 


               stealing, to the value of thirty nine shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WILLIAMS, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
