





11. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WEST
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 14th of November
, fourteen pound weight of mutton, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Mortimer
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MORTIMER
               



            . I am a butcher
 at Hounslow


. On the 14th of November, in the evening, between eight and nine o'clock, I lost a piece of mutton. I heard some one run from the door; I looked out, I could not see who it was; Mr. Oats was coming by just afterwards, I told him I had lost a piece of mutton; I then went of the opposite side of the way; I saw the man standing in Mr. Eddington's public house.

Q. Was that the prisoner - A. Yes, with the meat tied up in a handkerchief and some part of it out under his coat; I challenged him with it, he said what he had got was his own; he abused me very much, he said he bought it and paid for it, he would not shew it me nor any body else.
Q. Had you missed a piece of mutton. - A. Yes, it was laying about a yard in the shop window, the window was open; I told him if he did not give it me again I would have him taken up; he made off with it under his coat; I and Mr. Elviss followed him; going up to Mr. Charlton's there stood 
               
                  William 
                  Elliot
               



            , I asked him to go forward with Mr. Elviss, while I got a constable; they did: I got a constable, and before we came to him he threw it away.
Q. Did you see him throw it away - A. No, Mr. Elviss saw him throw it away. This is the handkerchief he had the meat in; when the constable took him he wanted to make it up with me, he would pay me for the meat, or any thing else; he said he did not take it, but he knew them that did take it. I took the meat back; it matched with the leg of mutton exactly; the fat and lean corresponded exactly.
Cross-examined by Mr. Curwood. It was a piece of a leg of mutton - A. No, part of a loin.
Q. You did not see who took it - A. I did not.
Q. Seeing this man with some meat in a handkerchief you accused him. - A. Yes, and he denied it.
Q. One loin is very much like another. - A. Yes, but this matched with the leg.
Prisoner's Defence. As I went out of the house, I saw somewhat lay in the road, the moon shone very bright; I returned back into the same house I came out of, I told the men that were in the house that I picked up a bit of meat in a handkerchief; I never untied it. This man came in, he said what have you got; I said what is that to you, it is nothing of yours as I know of.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
