





608. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GRIFFITHS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of August
, a basket, value 6 d. a linen cloth, value 6 d. and thirty three pounds weight of butter, value 1 l. 16 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hammon
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HAMMON
               



            . I live in Sommers town


. On the 24th of August, about half past five in the morning, I missed a flat of butter, thirty three pounds, and a cloth; from information I went to the watchhouse, and saw the flat there; it had my direction upon it.


                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a costermonger. On the 24th of August, I was going along Somer's town, I saw this gentleman and two more go into Mr. Hammon's yard.
Q. Was the prisoner one that went into the yard. - A. That I cannot say; I saw him come out again; they had nothing when they went in as I saw. I watched them out, and one of them had a flat upon his head; I followed them till I could get some assistance, I met 
               
                  Francis 
                  Goldsmith
               



            ; the prisoner and another man had the flat; then James Burbury caught hold of it; he was taken to the watchhouse, and the flat of butter was carried there directly.


                  FRANCIS 
                  GOLDSMITH
               



            . I met the prisoner coming up the street, as I was going down the street; I saw him take hold of the flat of butter from the other young man's hand; there were two other persons carrying it when I first saw it; when I apprehended him he was carrying the flat with another young man.
Q. How came you not to apprehend the other - A. He was rather too young in the legs for me.
Q. Did the prisoner attempt to run away - A. No.


                  RICHARD 
                  WHITEHEIR
               



            . About twenty minutes past five o'clock in the morning, the prisoner was bought to the watchhouse by these two men and other; I did not open the flat till I went and called Mr. Hammon.
Prisoner's Defence. I was never in the yard, nor had I the flat in my possession.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. justice Bailey.
