





649. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BYAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of July
, thirty-eight yards of canvas, value 38s.
             the property of 
               
                  John-Robert 
                  Anderson
               




            .


                  DAVID 
                  BOYD
               



             sworn. - I am warehouseman to Mr. John-Robert Anderson, a Scotch factor
, in Throgmorton-street


: On the 25th, or 26th of July, I cannot say which, I was informed that a person had run away with a piece of canvas; the prisoner was brought back with the property.
- CHAMBERS sworn. - I am porter to Mr. Anderson; I saw the prisoner come in at the gate, he went behind a pile of canvas, and stopped there a few minutes; I saw him look round, and then take a piece and go away with it; I ran after him, and he threw it down in the middle of the road; he ran up Black-swan-court, which is no thoroughfare, and we took him in the court as he came down; 
               
                  Gray 
                  Rhodes
               



             laid hold of him first; I took him back to the premises, and Rhodes picked up the canvas.


                  GRAY 
                  RHODES
               



             sworn. - I saw the prisoner take the canvas off the pile, I went after him, and stopped him in the court; I am sure he is the same man; I brought the canvas back, and delivered it to the constable.


                  PETER 
                  RICHARDS
               



             sworn. - (Produces the canvas.) I received it from Mr. Nunn, the constable, he is very ill.
Rhodes. This is the same canvas, I know it by the stamp.
Chambers. This is the same canvas.
Boyd. I know this canvas, it is stamped Alexander Lewell, Montrose; it is the manufacturer's mark, and no other person whatever has any of his manufacture, but Mr. Anderson alone.
Prisoner's defence. I am quite innocent of what I am charged with; I went up the court, and had some beer, and I dare say it was the space of ten minutes before I came down the court again.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 27.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
