






18. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RUDD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     ROCKALL
                  




               
             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of November

; two yards of carpet, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Hudson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Corney
                  



               
            ; and the other for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)
WILLIAM CORNEY sworn. - My partner's name is Richard Hudson; the prisoner, Rudd, was in our employ as a weekly porter
; we have two shops in Broad-street, Carnaby-market, No. 4, and No. 13: In consequence of suspicions, on the 14th of November, about six o'clock in the evening, as he was going out in a great hurry, I asked him where; he said, to the other shop, to put down a carpet; instead of going there, he went across the street to New-street; I followed him without his perceiving me, and overtook him in Green's-court; I saw him go into the house of Rockall, who keeps an old iron shop, and I saw him deliver a piece of carpet to Mrs. Rockall; I went in when she was unrolling it to look at it; I said, John, I have catched you at last; he made no answer; the woman is hard of hearing, but whenshe perceived me, she took the carpet, and hid it behind her underneath a table; I took it up, and said, this is my property; I took it away, and had the prisoner apprehended; Mr. Rockall was not at home. (The carpet was produced, and identified by Mr. Corney).


                  WILLIAM 
                  PATRICK
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: on Saturday, the 14th of November, I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner; I asked him what could induce him to be guilty of such an action; he said he had been playing at dominos, and had lost 1s. 6d. or 2s. and took this carpet to sell to make up the money, that his wife might not miss it out of his wages: on the Monday I went with a search-warrant to Rockall's, who lives about three or four hundred yards from Mr. Corney's, but found no property that was identified. I took her into custody, and, going to the Magistrate's, she said she knew nothing about it, for she did not buy the carpet.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. 
               Q. 
            Did you not go there to summons her to be a witness against the other? - A. I went with a search-warrant; Mr. Conant desired me to go, and if she would not come, to take her, but she came very quietly.
Rudd's defence. It was not my intention to steal the carpet; I took it there to see if I could get two or three shillings on it, and to take it back again; it was not my intention to rob my master.
For the prisoner Rockall.


                  ANN 
                  ROCKALL
               



             sworn. - I am daughter to Mrs. Rockall: On the 14th of November I was scouring the parlour at the further end of the shop; when I got up, I saw 
               
                  John 
                  Rudd
               



            , who was an entire stranger to me, at the door, which he opened, and put in the piece of carpet; Mr. Corney, who was also a stranger to me, followed him; my mother, being very deaf, did not hear what he said; he asked me to give him the piece of carpet which lay on the floor; I did so; my mother never saw him till such time as he was going out with the carpet; when he was going out, he said, John, I have long had a suspicion of you, and now I have found you; then he turned round to me, and said, you, madam, shall be looked into; I made answer, that I never knew the man, or had any dealings with him.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. How old are you? - A. Near eighteen.
Q. How long had you left boarding-school? - A. I have not been there since eleven years.
Q. Your father and mother keep an old iron shop? - A. They deal in brokery and other things.
Q. The prisoner is a stranger to you? - A. Yes, and to my mother, I believe.
Q. Is it a frequent thing for persons to come in to the parlour without knocking? - A. People very frequently come in when I am in the next room, because my mother is deaf; I was scouring the room, and did not hear; not seeing any body come to him, I suppose he opened the door.
Q. Does that frequently happen? - A. It does.
Q. Recollect the oath you have taken, and tell us, how the carpet came on the floor? - A. The man put it there, it never was on the counter; he had it in his hand in a roll when I got up, then he laid it on the floor, it was not open at all.
Q. You swear it never was open while in your room? - A. No, it was not.
Q. Was there any table? - A. There was a table at the lower end of the room, and another under a sash window.
Q. Did he stoop, or throw it down? - A. He threw it down, to the best of my recollection.
Q. Is that the way goods are usually thrown into that room - you know the business of the shop? - A. No, it is not.
Q. Did you ask what he wanted? - A. The man had no time to speak, because Mr. Corney followed him in immediately.
Q. Did you not see your mother, when Mr. Corney came in, lay hold of the carpet, and throw it down? - A. No, Mr. Corney has made a mistake; it was me who gave him the piece of carpet off the floor, my mother was at the other end of the room, washing the tea-things.
Q. Then it is a mistake if any body has said it was thrown off a table? - A. I never did.
Q. Who did? - A. Nobody that I know of.
Q. Mr. Corney could not see the man throw it down? - The man threw it down.
Q. Perhaps it is a mistake that he said to his man, I have caught you? - A. He did say so.
Q. Did he say that when he came in? - A. Yes.
Q. How came you to say just now, it was not till after you delivered the carpet? - A. That was when he was going out; he said, John, I have had a long suspicion, and now I have found you out.
Q. Were you at home when the officers took your mother? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you tell the Justice all this? - A. I never was at the Justice's; the officers said, she was wanted at Marlborough-street, to speak whether the man said any thing when he came in or not, and she went.
Q. You knew your mother was going to the office, and you could have told all this? - A. Yes.
Q. How much carpeting had you in the house at this time? - A. We had none but some old pieces.
Q. How long have you assisted your father and mother in the shop? - A. I am not always at home, and am not very fond of the business; I have been to a day school part of the time; I served sometimes, but very seldom.
Q. How long? - A. I cannot tell; I went out to learn the business of making straw bonnets fortwo or three months, and I have been at work in Wardour-street, and have been at an aunt's in the Borough.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HORLEM
               



             sworn. - I am a carpenter, and was standing at the end of the counter in Rockall's shop, about nine o'clock, when Mr. Hudson asked Rudd if he had ever been in that shop before, or sold any thing in it; Rudd said, no, he had never been in the shop, or sold any thing there.
Jury. 
               Q. 
            (To Corney). Did you see the carpet in Rockall's hand? - A. Yes, I did.
.Q Did you see her throw it behind her? - A. Yes, for I remained a little while at the window before I went in.
Rockall called one witness, who admitted she did not bear a general good character in the neighbourhood. 
               
                  John 
                  Rudd
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.





               Confined six months in the House of Correction
            .


                  Ann 
                  Rockall
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            , aged 49.




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
