






592. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     EDY
                  , alias 
                     
JOHN-HUGHES EDY





            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BRANNAM
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of February
, a chaise, value 40l.
             the property of 
               
                  Murdock 
                  M'Kenzie
               




            .(The case was opened by Mr. Const.)

GEORGE
             M'KENZIE sworn. - My father lives in Green-street, Grosvenor-square, and is a coachmaker
; I know the prisoner Edy, I first knew him by the name of House; he had hired chaises at our house before; On the 4th of August, he came to hire a chaise to go to Brighton, I told him it would be five shillings a day; he said, he should call on a friend of his at Hounslow, and if he did not go with him, he should return the chaise that night, which he did, by Brannam; next day, between two and four, he came and asked me if he could have the same chaise he had the day before; I said he might, he said he would take it to Brighton, but asked if he must pay five shillings a day; I said, yes; while the horse was putting in, he asked me if I would sell it; I said, I would, and the price was forty guineas; he asked what he should give if he paid directly; I said, forty pounds; he said he would try it, and send a draft for the money; I asked him what kind of draft, he said, a draft at a short date; I said, I could take no such draft, but that he might keep it on hire at five shillings a day to go to Brighton, that was all that passed; he then drove it out of the yard; the same evening, a servant, in the livery of the honourable Mrs. Duss, called with a letter, between eight and nine o'clock, addressed to my father; I opened it, and in it was a promissory note, at ten days, signed 
               
                  John 
                  Hughes
               



            , for forty pounds; I told the man I should not take it, and gave it back to him; he came into the room where I went to write a note, and I found the draft about half an hour after by the side of the desk I was going to write at; on the next day, I went to the lodgings of the prisoner Edy, No. 8, Bolton-street, Piccadilly, (he had told me where he lodged, and it was on the note) but I did not find him; on the Saturday following; the 7th of August, as I was coming up St. James's-street, in a chaise, with my father, I saw Edy with another man turn round the corner of a street, I got out of the chaise, and asked him what he had done with the chaise he had hired; he said, he had lent it to a gentleman to go into the country; I said, I did not believe but he had sold it; he said, upon his word and honour he had not, but had lent it; my father came up, and upon telling him we would take him up, he said, if we would go to the George-inn, Drury-lane, we might hear something of it, for the gentleman he had lent it to, had talked of putting it up there; he then got into the chaise with my father and I, and Mr. Hiscox, who was with us, went on before us to the George; Edy told Mr. Newman, the master of the inn, that he had only hired the horse and chaise, and if Brannam had sold it, it was without his knowledge; he asked Mr. Newman if he himself had sold it to him; he said, no, but Brannam had sold it for him; then Edy told Mr. Newman he must give the horse to Hiscox, and the chaise to my father, which was refused; I afterwards got the chaise on the Hammersmith-road; I did not see it at Newman's, as he said he had lent it to a pawnbroker.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Have you never said you sold the chaise, and took the note in payment? - A. No, never to any one.
Q. Had you seen the prisoner last year at all? - A. Yes, the first time was the 27th of December.
Q.Had there been any money transactions between you? - A. He paid one or two days hire for a chaise, at five shillings a day, before he took it out of the yard.
Q. Did he not tell you he was going to Brighton, and did you not tell him it would be better for him to buy the chaise? - A. Not to my recollection.
Q. Did you hear any conversation between your father and him before the chaise was taken away? - A. No.
Q. Is your father here? - A. No, he is in France; I never made any proposition to the prisoners to build a chaise for him.
Q. Did you not tell him he should have the chaise at forty pounds, if he paid you at a short period? - A. No.
Q. Did the person who brought the note to you, say, that it would be paid when due, and that he should have a doceur, or something of that sort? - A. No.
Q. Was forty pounds a fair ready money price for the chaise? - A. Yes.
Q. When you got to Newman's, did you not say, although you have sold the chaise, you have not sold the harness, and desired it to be returned, which was done? - A. No, I did not.
Q. Was the harness returned? - A. After I had taken the chaise it was.
Q. What was the date of the note? - A. The 5th of August.
Q. The prisoner was taken into custody before the note became due? - A. Yes, he was.


                  JOHN 
                  NEWMAN
               



             sworn. - I keep the Georgeinn, Drury-lane, and know the prisoners; I sawthem on the 4th of August, in the evening, between five and six, at my yard; Brannam came into the yard first, and asked me if I wanted to buy a one hore chaise; I said, I did not; he said, there were two gentlemen, West-Indians, at the door, who had got one to part with, for they were going to Brighton, and wanted money; I went out and saw two men in a chaise, who, I did not know; Edy was one of them; I had no conversation with them; I only told Brannam I would not buy it, and they went away; Edy in the chaise, the other got out; Brannam went up to Edy, but I don't know what he, said; next afternoon, at four or five o'clock, I saw Brannam again; he came in the same chaise, and asked me if I would buy it; I asked the price, he said he would take twenty-one guineas; I would not buy it without taking it to my coach-maker, which I did, and he said it was worth twenty-five guineas, upon which I bought it at twenty-one guineas; the harness was to be delivered up when sent for; in the evening, about seven or eight o'clock, I saw Brannam and Edy together, and I paid Brannam for it; Edy was present when he gave me the receipt; I knew Brannam was in the habit of selling horses and chaise for gentlemen; Edy signed the receipt, by the name of Hughes, I wrote the receipt, (receipt read.)
"August 5th, 1802.
"Received of Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Newman
               



            , the sum of Twenty-two pounds one shilling, for a horse and chaise, the property of Mr. Hughes, No. 8, Bolton-street, Piccaddly, by me. T. Brannam."(Indorsed on the back.) "Deliver the harness to Mr. Mackenzie. J. Hughes."
Signed at the back, by Edy, by the name of Hughes.
I took the chaise home, and went out in it that day; I let it out afterwards, and have not seen it since the 15th, when it was taken away.
Mackenzie. I cannot tell who I took the chaise from; they would not give me any information about it, and they have served me with a copy of a writ for it; it was a one horse chaise, with horizontal springs, painted yellow and black, and lined with blue cloth, with yellow nails; it was a rumble tumble behind of a peculiar make.
Newman. That was the make of the chaise I brought on the 5th; Mackenzie insisted on having it; I said I had paid for it, but don't remember any conversation; Edy said, he had bought that chaise of him, which Mackenzie came to claim of me.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You gave the fair value for it? - A. Yes.
Q. Did Mr. Mackenzie acknowledge selling the chaise? - A. He acknowledged taking the draft.
Q. Did he say it was as a consideration for the chaise? - A. Yes, as a consideration for the chaise.
Mr. Const. Q. Did he not say that, although he had taken it, it was against his will, for that it was left there? - A. He said it was left by the man who brought it, and who insisted on leaving it; he was asked at Bow-street, whether he had taken the draft, and he said, Mrs. Duff's coachman came with it, and he refused to take it, but he would insist on leaving it on the desk.
Edy's defence. I leave my defence to my Counsel.
Brannam was not called on for his defence.
Edy, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Brannam, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
