





647. 
               
                  
                     JONATHAN 
                     BLY
                  




               
             was indicted for feloniously 


               stealing, on the 3d of August
, a hammercloth, value 20l. and a leather chaise apron, value 1l.
             the property of 
               
Lord
 
                  Rokeby
               



            .
Second Count. Charging them to belong to Thomas Arkell.


                  THOMAS 
                  ARKELL
               



             sworn. - I am master of a livery stable, in Davis-street


, where the chariot was put up: On the 3d of August, the hammercloth was on the box at twelve o'clock at night; at six o'clock in the morning, it was gone; between six and seven o'clock it was found on the prisoner.
 - sworn. - I keep the Union public-house, Princes-street, Westminster; early on the 3d of August, the prisoner came to hire a room; I said, he did not appear to be a person I should choose to let a room to, and asked him who and what he was; he said, he had been a gentleman's servant, but was reduced, that he was come to town to get a situation, and wished to have a night's lodging; I said, he should have a lodging, if possible, he paid down sixpence and went to fetch his cloaths; he brought a large bundle, which did not appear to be wearing apparel, and carried it into the passage; I suspected him and called the watchman, who was in the house, and he found a black velvet embroidered hammercloth.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FITZWALTER
               



             sworn. - I was sent by the landlord, and saw the prisoner ripping something to pieces, I saw it was a hammer-cloth, he said, his brother gave him leave to do it, he had ripped about a yard of lace.(
               
                  John 
                  Mone
               



             produced the bammer-cloth, which was identified.)
Prisoner. I found the hammercloth in the morning. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
