





458. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Lawrence 
                        Doran
                     




                  , on the 8th of May
, about four o'clock in the forenoon, Mary his wife and John Farrow being therein, and stealing a child's frock, value 2s. a gown, value 21s. a petticoat, value 10s. 6d. five shirts, value 20s. three child's shifts, value 6s. and three yards of lace, value 9s.
             the property of 
               
                  Lawrence 
                  Doran
               



            .


                  MARY 
                  DORAN
               



             Sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Lawrence 
                  Doran
               



            , and live at No. 2, Charles-court, Cow-lane


: Last Sunday week, between four and five in the morning, our house was broke open; I was in the one-pair-of-stairs; I had been washing all night; I heard a noise, and came down stairs, and saw the prisoner with a basket and my things in it, and he ran into the court with it (repeating the articles); they were all my property; I left them between four and five hanging on the line.
Q.Was the basket your's? - A. No, the prisoner's.
Q. Was it light at the time? - A. Yes; I saw him with the basket and things in it under the gateway; I saw him go out with it; he hid himself under the gateway; he was gone with the things before I had power to follow him.
Q. How do you know it was the prisoner did this? - A. I am very sure; I have known him for years.
Q.When did you see him next? - A. Ten minutes after under the gateway; I suppose he thought I watched him; I went back to call my husband, who was in bed with another man.
Q.What did you do after this? - A.Came in doors, and went after my business; two days after I found one of his children, and went to his place in Glass-court, Mutton-hill; it was about three o'clock; I found him at home, and desired he would let me have my things, or I would get a constable; he said, his wife bought the frock on the Monday; I had him taken up that afternoon; I saw the lace hanging on the line of the chimney-piece in the prisoner's house when I went in; his child wore the frock on the Sunday afternoon.
Q.Who was in the house when this happened? - A.Only my husband and 
               
                  John 
                  Farrow
               



            .
Q.Was the house fastened up that night? - A. Yes. I fastened the doors about eight o'clock.
Q.How did you find the house in the morning? - A.One door was shut, and the other open.
Q.Had you fastened that door over night? - A. Yes, it was bolted; I think he came in at the window, and unbolted the door to let himself out.
Q.Was the window fastened? - A. Yes.
Q.How could he get in at the window - was it broke? - A.No, it was up when I came down stairs; it was down over night, but not fastened.
Q.How far was it up when you came down? - A.Half up; there was room for a person to get in.
Q.Was there any window shutter? - A. No; there were marks of dirt of feet inside the window, and at the door.
Prisoner. Q. You told the Justice the house was undergoing a repair? - A. Yes, but it was all fastened up at the time.
Q.And that there was no fastening to the door at all? - A. I said no such thing.


                  MARY 
                  TOMLINS
               



             Sworn. - I live in the two pair of stairs, where the prisoner lives; I am a lodger there; I saw the prisoner's child with the frock on, on the Sunday.
Q.Shall you know the frock again? - A. Yes, the body is one colour, and the tail another; the prisoner said he bought it on Monday.


                  ANN 
                  GREATRIX
               



             Sworn. - I lodge in the house with the prisoner, in the two pair of stairs; I saw the prisoner's child wear the frock on Sunday morning.
Q.Did you hear the prisoner say any thing about it? - A.No.
Q.(To Tomlins.) Did you know the frock to be Doran's? - A.No, I heard her claim it; it was a sigured pattern.
Q.Did you hear Doran claim the frock? - A. Yes.
GEORGE WOOD Sworn. - I am an officer; the prosecutrix came to me, and told me she was robbed; I asked her by whom; she told me the prisoner's name, and described him; I took him into custody; the prosecutrix told me her frock was on the child of the prisoner; I asked the prisoner where that child was; he told me at work at the factory; I told her to go with the mother to the factory, and bring the child, and take care the frock was not changed; she brought the child to the Magistrate, and he ordered the child to be stripped; I have kept the frock ever since.
Q.(To Doran.) Look at that frock? - A.This is the frock.
Q.What is the value of it? - A.Two shillings.
Prisoner. It is needless for me to say any thing in my defence; I leave it to your Lordship, and the Gentlemen of the Jury.
GUILTY, aged 39.
Of 


               stealing, to the value of 2s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
