





31. 
               
                  
                     TIMOTHY 
                     WALDON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of October
, seventy five yards of swansdown, value 30 l. and fifteen yards of toilinet, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Dibben
                  




               
            .
HENRY DIBBEN. I am a innholder
: I know nothing of the transaction; it came to my inn.


                  JOHN 
                  WATTS
               



            . I am a porter to Mr. Dibben. On the 21st of October, about one o'clock, I put the truss in Mr. Dibben's cart, in his yard Basing lane; I went to a printing office in Bartholomew close


, and delivered a paper parcel there; when I came out I missed this truss out of the cart; it was directed to Divett and co. Smithfield, London; it was a large truss in a coarse wrapper; I saw the truss in the cart before I went into the printing office.
Q. What time of the day was it when you went to Bartholomew close - A. It was about a quarter to three when I missed the truss; I only left the cart about five minutes.


                  JAMES 
                  CURTIS
               



            . I am clerk to 
               
                  John 
                  Oldham
               



             of Bristol; I know that 
               
                  John 
                  Oldham
               



             on or about the 13th of October, received the truss of goods; when the truss of goods were opened, that part of the goods that were approved were kept; the part not were returned to Divett and co.
Q. It was sent by the carrier, was it - A. Yes.
MANOUH KIRBY. I am porter to 
               
                  John 
                  Oldham
               



             of Bristol; I delivered the parcel on the 14th of October, at Beaumont's warehouse to Thomas Morgan, Broad mead, Bristol, to go to Divett's and co. London.
Q. What became of this parcel - A. It was lost in London.
WILLIAM CHAMBERS. I am warehouseman to the house of Divett and co.; I cut a quantity of goods and sent them to 
               
                  John 
                  Oldham
               



            , Bristol, on the 6th of October; they were received by them; they sent a part of them back, which we have never received; I know them to be the identical goods that we sent off.


                  GEORGE 
                  DANIEL
               



            . I am warehouseman to Mr. Rowland, Rebeck and co. woollen manufactures. In October last, an officer of Worship street came to our house, No. 19, Cateaton street, with several patterns of waistcoating; the patterns were left; when I came home I saw and knew them to be of our manufactory; I went to the office the day following, I knew the goods to be sold to Divett and co.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I am an officer. On Friday, the 21st of October, about a quarter before six in the evening, I was out with Bishop, Vickery and another; I and Bishop was at the corner of Hounsditch; I saw the prisoner with this truss on his back upon a knot; I asked him if he was employed to carry that load; he said yes, he had brought it from the Scotch Arms in Little Britain; I asked him if he knew the man that had delivered it him: he said he should not know the man, he was a short man, and he was to carry it to one Barnet, the first court of the left hand side of Houndsditch; I told him to walk along with me; he readily walked along to the public house next door to our office; going along he said he did not know the contents of the truss; but when I opened it I found it contained those waistcoat pieces; I said then I must detain you to see whether I can find an owner for these goods; we advertised them, and waited upon a number of shops with little pieces of them. Mr. Divett, in Smithfield, knew the goods; the man was committed; the next time he came up the magistrate took two housekeeper's words for his appearance on a future day; the man appeared; then there was an owner for the goods, and the magistrate thought proper to commit him.


                  DANIEL 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I know nothing more than what Armstrong has stated; I was in company with him on that night; Armstrong laid hold of him, he asked him where he brought the load from; he said the Scotch Arms in Little Britain.
Q. Where was it you met him - A. At the corner of Houndsditch; he was going to the first court on the left hand side in Houndsditch, to one Barnet.
Cross-examined by Mr. Smith. Did you go to the Scotch Arms - A. No.
Q. Did you go to that house in the court - A. We did not.


                  JOHN 
                  VICKREY
               



            . These are the goods that was delivered to me; the prisoner said he recevied the goods at the Scotch Arms, from a man at the block; he said he did not know him, that was the reason we did not go; I knew Barnet too well to ask him any questions; he lived in the next court. The prisoner said he did not know Barnet.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I was standing at Mr. Sharp's drinking a pint of beer; Mrs. Sharp came to me about five o'clock in the afternoon, she said Mr. Sharp has got a parcel for you to take to Houndsditch; I took the parcel, and coming along to Houndsditch I was stopped.
Q. Where is Mr. Sharp - A. He is out of the way.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SHARP
               



            . I keep the Scotch Arms in Little Britain; my husband is out of town, he went out of town on Tuesday morning last; he is gone to Goding in Chester. I know the prisoner, he is a very honest man; he is a porter to any body that employshim; he was a watchman; if any body asked for a porter I should have recommended him; he has a knot at my house.
Q. Do you remember any day that you saw him take a load from your house when you husband called him - A. I do not.
COURT. What is your husband - A. A publican and dealer in horses, and a fellowship porter.
Q. When did you hear of the prisoner being in custody - A. I cannot say but I have heard of his being in custody; I hear a great many things that I am not obliged to listen to.
Q. When did you hear of it - A. I cannot exactly say; he was nothing to me.
Q. That will not do, you must not shuffle with me - when did you hear he was in custody - A. I do not know.
Q. How soon after he was in custody did you hear of it - A. Three or four days.
Q. That was in October - your husband must know of it, because he went out of town on Tuesday, just at the time of the sessions - A. Not upon that account.
Q. I did not ask upon what account - you must have heard of this in October, now we are in December; he went out of town last Tuesday, the 29th of November; these are the dates - You did not see any particular bundle given to the prisoner - A. No.
Q. The prisoner takes loads - A. No: he takes no loads.
Q. What is the prisoner - A. He is a watchman.
Q. You told us just now he was a porter, he had a knot at your house; you know that nobody in the city can take loads but a fellowship porter - A. No, I do not know, upon my honour.
The prisoner called seven witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 48.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
