





19. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     GEE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of November
, twenty one yards of calico, value 2 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Walter 
                     Foy
                  




               
            .


                  WALTER 
                  FOY
               



            . I live in Beech street, Barbican


, I am a linen draper
. On the 19th of this month, about five o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came into my shop with a woman with her; they asked me to shew them some silk handkerchiefs; I shewed them the whole I had; one of them - I believe it was the prisoner, told me that her friend wished to buy a bed-gown: I shewed them several pieces of print; among them was the one I have in my hand. After they had looked over the goods I had shewn them, they told me there was none that would do, the price was too high; they went out of the shop; upon their going out my wife saw there was something under the prisoner's petticoats, it stood out on her left side; I immediately jumped over the counter and ran to the door; I saw a man taking this print from under the prisoner's petticoats; he immediately ran towards Golden lane, and I followed him. When he came to the end of Golden lane I believe I was not more than three feet from him. He saw me behind him, he sprang from the pavement to run across the street; as he was jumping a horse and cart was coming down the lane, he jumped against the horse's head, the horse turned his head, and the prisoner passed and went round behind the cart; I was at that time near enough to put my fingers on his shoulder, but not near enough to hold him; he at that moment threw the print out of his right hand under the cart that was passing; I turned round immediately and picked up the print. On my picking up the print I saw the man who had got the print from the woman was gone some distance, that I thought my pursuing him was useless. When I returned home the young man told me that the two women were not out of sight, he pointed them out. I immediately ran over and caught the prisoner; I brought her to my house, got a constable, and had her taken to the Poultry compter.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the woman you saw in your shop - A. I am confident of it.
Q. Had not she time to have gone away - A.There were near three or four minutes had elapsed from the time I went out to the time I came back; I am certain, and will swear to the woman.


                  SARAH 
                  FOY
               



            . Q. You are the wife of 
               
                  Walter 
                  Foy
               



             - A. Yes.
Q. What did you see of this transaction - A. I saw something of a large bulk under her petticoats as she went out of my shop, which gave me suspicion. I mentioned it to the young man in the shop, he perceived it likewise; he went to the door, he said she was about giving it to a man; my husband ran out directly and brought the print in with him.


                  ROBERT 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Foy. Mrs. Foy told me the prisoner had got something away, as she was bulky; I observed that the prisoner had got something under her petticoats. On looking out of the door after her, I saw her give a man the print. I immediately told Mr. Foy of it; he went after the man and took the print. I watched the woman which way she went. Immediately Mr. Foy came back I told him.
Q. Is that the same woman - A. I will swear to the woman; I never lost sight of her, I am sure of it.
Prisoner. Did you see me stand by the counter, or touch any of the goods in the shop - A. No.
Pris. I never laid hold of any of the goods; it was my gown sticked out behind, which the lady saw. I never was suspected in my life.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. When I went into the shop I asked to look at a silk handkerchief; I said I would give six shillings and sixpence, or seven shillings, that was the most I could afford to give; I did not like the pattern, they were too large; the woman that was with me is every morning down at Billingsgate; she went out full five minutes, when the gentleman pme and ran after somebody; I made a full stop, and said to the woman, her name is Kitty, this is the way to Chiswell street. I was going after my husband the same time.
Jury to prosecutor. Had you shewn that print at the time she was there - A.This print I will be upon my oath I had in my hand, shewing to the friend of the prisoner, not two minutes before the prisoner went out.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
