





679. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     GILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 15th of September
, three cotton windowcurtains, value 3 l. and a table cloth, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        Warrender 
                        Pringle
                     




                  , in his dwelling house
            .
WARRENDER PRINGLE. I live at No. 3, Norton-street


.
Q. Do you know the woman at the bar. - A. Perfectly well; she worked for me as a chairwoman
. I am a calenderer, I clean furniture
.
Q. When was it you missed any part of your furniture. - A. The 21st of September I missed one of the curtains; on searching farther I found there were two others gone, and a table cloth.
Q. Where were your curtains put. - A. They were put up in a drying room; they were articles that I had to callender.
Q. Who had access to that room where they were put. - A. My wife and the prisoner; the prisoner used to go up and bring down the things when they were wanted; we put confidence in her.
Q. When did you see any of these curtains afterwards. - A. On the 23nd, when I took her up; I got a search warrant, and the duplicate was found on her.
Q. Were you present when they were found. - A. No, the officer found it; I saw three window curtains and a table cloth at Mr. Baxter's, pawnbroker, Norfolk street; they were the same that were missing from my house.


                  JOHN 
                  WELLS
               



            . I live with Mr. Baxter, pawnbroker, Norfolk-street, Middlesex Hospital.
Q. Is that near where Pringle lives. - A. Yes. On Wednesday the 2nd of September the prisoner pledged two curtains for eighteen shillings; she said they were hers; I gave her the duplicate in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Wilson
               



            ; on Saturday the 12th of September she pledged a pink curtain for seven shillings, and on the 15th she pledged this table cloth for two shillings.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not mean to do it as a defraud; but having a child, and having a fit of illness, I was in distress; I meaned to redeem them as soon as I recovered from my illness. As soon as they brought the search warrant I delivered up the tickets.
Q. to prosecutor. Was the prisoner in your service at the time she was apprehended. - A. No, she went away on the 15th, she said she was not well.
GUILTY, aged 26.
Of 


               stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
