





135. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KALACKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dibble
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eleven at night on the 13th of January
, and burglariously stealing therein fifty pound weight of leaden pipe, value 20 s. the property of the said 
                     
                        John 
                        Dibble
                     



                  , and affixed to his dwelling house
            .


                  ANN 
                  DIBBLE
               



             sworn. I live at No. 8, Edmonds-street, Rupert street, St. James's.




Q. Do you occupy the whole of the house. - A. Yes.
Q. Was the cellar let. - A. No, the cellar could not be let, because of the common sewer running in it, I had the whole of the house and the cellar.
Q. Was there a way from the house into the cellar. - A. No, only from the street.
Q. How do you go into the cellar from the street. A. There was a flap went down, and then a door went across the flap.
Q.When you was in the cellar you could not get into the house. - A. No, there is no way but turning back the same way.
Q. Were you at any time alarmed by any noise. A. I was sitting in the parlour about eleven o'clock in the evening, on the 13th of this month, I heard a noise in the cellar, I called to 
               
                  Henry 
                  Fielder
               



            , and said there was somebody in the cellar; he was in the room with me, he lodges in the house; he went out and saw the turncock stand at the door; I ran instantly to the door with the candle in my hand, I saw part of my pipe laying over the flap of the cellar near a yard, I saw the remainder laying underneath the flap; I called out, Thieves, Watch, and seized hold of part of it; the constable came, I gave the pipe to the constable.
Q. When had you seen that pipe before: - A. It was impossible for me to see it; the New River company have occupied the cellar about two years, the steps were broke down.
Q. This pipe you had not seen for a long time. A. The water came in the same afternoon, the pipe goes through the cellar; it must have been therethe very same day, the water comes into the yard from that pipe; the door of the cellar was fastened by a nail on the outside, we never could keep a padlock on it; it was fastened at eight o'clock in the evening. I saw it myself, I went over it, and when I discovered the pipe laying there the nail was gone.
Q. Did you afterwards examine the pipe to see whether the pipe was unfixed from the wall or taken away. - A. I had the constable to go down.
Q. After this evening did the water come in as usual. - A. No, no water can come in now, because the pipe is gone; we were obliged to stop it up, because the water would float the cellar.
Q. Did you put that pipe down in your cellar. A. It was put down five years ago, the man that had the house paid for it, I had the charge of it, and if any thing was gone I was to make it good, it belonged to the house.
Q. Did you see the prisoner at all that night. - A. Yes, in the afternoon he had been to the next door taking the pipe out of the tree as they call it, he was a turncock to the New River company.
Q. You knew him did you. - A. Yes, he had been in my house that day; he was the last man that I should have thought of; he was taken to the watchhouse, I saw him at the watchhouse, and gave charge of him.
Q. No part of the pipe was carried away further than the flap of the cellar door. - A. No.
Q. You did not see him with the pipe. - A. No.
HENRY FIELDER sworn. Q. You were with Mrs. Dibble in the room that night. - A. Yes, she heard a noise at the cellar door as well as myself; she said to me, Fielder there is somebody at the cellar; I immediately ran out of the door, and saw the prisoner standing at the cellar door.
Q. What was he doing when you went out. - A. He was standing against it, he was just on the curb by the flap.
Q. You did not observe him doing any thing at that time. - A. No, he had not anything with him at the time as I perceived. When I went to the door I asked him what he had been doing in the cellar, he cried out What, that is all the answer he gave me; I put my hand to the door, and there was his spoon-hook entangled with the pipe.
Q. Did he stand still all the time while you examined. - A. Yes, he stood still all the time; I put my hand to shut the cellar door, I took hold of the hook which was entangled with the pipe; I says to him you have been and cut the lead pipe, he immediately rushed to me and snatched the hook out of my hand and ran away with it; in running he fell down, and when he rose again I found that one of his shoes was off, he was in George-court; then I heard his hook rattle against the pavement; by his running I perceived he had lost a shoe; I pursued him, he got into a stable, he having gained ground of me. I came back to Edmonds-court, my landlady says go to his lodgings in Green's-court; I went, and in less than five minutes he came there quite out of breath; I was standing just opposite, I took hold of him by the collar, he said it was not him, I said he was the man standing at the cellar door taking the leaden pipe away. He asked me to let him go. I told him I would not, I gave charge of him at the watchhouse.
Q. How soon after did you examine this pipe to see whether it was broken or cut any where. - A. I did not examine it till the constable had got it away.
Q. Can you say when you saw it laying over the flap of the cellar whether it was cut or separated from the wall where it had been fixed - A. I did not observe whether it was cut or broken then, I know since that it had been broke off. The next morning I went into the cellar I observed the lead pipe was gone from wall to wall; the leaden pipe was fixed in the main and went from wall to wall of the foundation of the house.
Q. Did you observe at that time that the pipe had been twisted off from wall to wall. - A. Yes.
Q. Was there any part of the pipe left in. - A. There was part of the pipe left in the but in the value, I got it out, it matched with it; a part was missing, with a brass cock, before he was detected, that part we never saw again.
JAMES SLADE sworn. I am a constable; about ten or fifteen minutes after eleven o'clock at night, I pursued him down Rupert-street, and missed him; I returned back to Mrs. Dibble's, there I found about a yard of the pipe out of the cellar, and a yard in the cellar; I took it up, it was entirely loose from the wall, I took it away; the prisoner was given into my charge at the watchhouse; there were about nine yards of pipe gone from the wall. The prisoner had this instrument in his hand at the watchhouse, I told him he must deliver it up to me, I was obliged to take it away from him by mere force.
Q. What do you call it. - A. They call it a spoon hook, it is what they use in their business, I took the lead to my own house, and marked it on the next morning; we examined the cellar, we found it was stripped off from wall-to wall, and this end of the pipe seems to match the end that was cut next to the but, the other end was gone.


                  JOHN 
                  NASH
               



             sworn. About eleven o'clock I had a friend come to see me, I had occasion to go for some brandy, I saw him crawl up out of the cellar.
Q. At eleven o'clock at night it was dark; how do you know it was the man. - A. I am very well acquainted with the man, I have treated him with many a glass of gin, the prisoner knows it himself.
Q. Did you speak to him. - A. I did not. I went on about my business.


                  CHARLES 
                  SPENCER
               



             sworn. I heard the cry of Stop thief and Watch; I went to Mrs. Dibble's door, I saw a number of men run, they said the turncock had cut the pipe of. Fielder came back, and said he was sure it was the turncock, he could not overtake him; I went up Green's-court, the prisoner came up quite out of breath, we secured him and took him to St. James's watch house.
- SAVAGE sworn. Just after eleven o'clock I had shut up my house, I heard an alarm of Watch and Stop thief, I saw the pipe laying on the flapof the cellar; I never lost sight of it till it was given to the constable.
Q.(to prosecutrix) Mrs. Dibble, are you a married woman. - A. Yes, my husband's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Dibble
               



            .
Q. Does he live in the house with you. - A. No, he has left the house these three years; I know he is alive.
Prisoner's Defence. It is only a spite against me: I am the turncock that belongs to the New River company; I informed against all that let the water run to waste, because a great many got no water, the foreman came along with me, and cut the pipes off, because they should not run it to waste. I was going into my door when they laid hold of me, they said I was going to steal the lead pipe; there is Mr. Nash, I took his water off; it is all their spite because I cut their water off.
GUILTY, aged 28.
Of 


               stealing, but not of breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
