





511. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     ENDFIELD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3d of July
, a pair of leather shoes, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. I am a shoemaker
, I live at No. 163, White Cross-street


 On the 3d of July the prisoner came in my shop, about a quarter before four o'clock, he asked for a pair of shoes for himself, I told him to sit down, I got a pair to fit him, he bid me six shillings for them, I told him I could not take that; he took a pair of children's shoes from a chair that was behind him, and he laid them on a chair by the side of him.
Q. Did he ask to purchase any children's shoes. - A. No, after he offered me the six shillings he went out; I looked at the chair where the shoes hung, I found they were gone, I called him back, he being just inside of the step; I said you have got a pair of shoes, he said he had got none of my shoes; I told him to deliver them up or else I would charge a constable with him, I searched his coat and waistcoat, I could not find them; I said though I cannot find them about your clothes I am sure you have got them, I have lost a great many before, and I know you are the person that took them; while the constable was gone for, my wife saw him take off his hat, and the shoes fell out of his hat.
Q. Did your wife say any thing. - A. Yes, she said he took them out of his hat; I heard them fall, I picked them up myself; I saw Tringham the constable, I called him in, and I said take charge of this man.
SARAH SMITH sworn. Q. When this man was brought back to your husband's shop what did you see done. - A. After my husband had searched him I saw him take off his hat, and throw them down by his side; I called out to my husband directly, and told him I saw it.
- TRINGHAM sworn. I produce the shoes; there were more shoes at the back of the shop, he asked to look at them; the prisoner took a pair in his hand and hustled them, and said now, d - n you, which are the shoes. These are the shoes Mr. Smith gave me.
Prosecutor. They are both pair my shoes, made by my men.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
