





649. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     DUNN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th of September
, one pound weight of sponge, value 8 s. 6 d. six whetstones, value 10 s. three parasols, value 1 l. 1 s. and a inkhorn, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Oppenheim
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  OPPENHEIM
               



            . I am a toy-merchant
, I live in the Commercial road; the prisoner was my porter
. On the 9th of September I sent the prisoner out with a load in a truck to East Smithfield; on account of suspicion I followed him at some distance, and from information that he deposited things at the Marquis of Granby public house in the city, kept by one Crouch, I went into a house, up one pair of stairs, that overlooked the public house, I waited five or six minutes and at last I saw the prisoner at the bar come into the yard rather hastily, and go to a kind of a stone bench, he unbuttoned his breeches and took out several things that he threw under the bench, I could not see what it was; I desired a man to watch his motions, and went to my truck. This man came up hastily to the truck with a woman and went to the different wharfs; I saw him carefully and diligently deliver every parcel, many of them were of considerable value. I followed him and saw him come out of of the Marquis of Granby. I went home and desired him to be sent to me when he came home, and when the prisoner came I desired the officer to take him in charge; he denied robbing me; I said give me the key of the cupboard that you have at the Marquis of Granby, upon which he produced the key; I said is the sponge that you have taken to day in that cupboard; he said yes, and a few more things, he hoped I would have mercy on him, and said that he wished a pistol was put to his head that minute, or that he might be sent on board a man war; I told him I could do neither, I wished to bring the person to punishment that was guilty, if there was any person that he knew that was more guilty than he, I will do every thing in his favour; he said he he knew of nobody, and made no confession, upon which the officer took him to the watchhouse. He willingly gave up the key of his trunk. We proceeded to the Marquis of Granby, and the cupboard there stated to belong to Dunn, the officer opened it, we found several articles which I believed to be mine.
The property produced and identified.
MR. ROBINSON. On Saturday the 9th of September I was sent for, Mr. Oppenheim gave me charge of the prisoner, I searched him, I took a bit of sponge out of his smallclothes, he said it was his master's; he took out two keys, one of his lodgings, the other he said belonged to the Marquis of Granby, he said he had some property there belonging to his master; he said he had sold four pounds six ounces of sponge tosome person he would not mention. I saw the things taken out of the cupboard at the Marquis of Granby.
MR. CROUCH. I am the keeper of the Marquis of Granby in the Minories


. About six months ago this man came to my house to breakfast and dine there; after using my house some time he asked me if I could let him have a lock-up place, I said there was a cupboard backwards he might have, there was no lock on it; he put a lock on it himself and used it some time.
Q. Was that the same locker that you saw the things taken out - A. Yes, I gave the officer every information I could.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, and called no witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
