





400. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBERTS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault in the King's highway, on the 15th of March
, upon 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Gregory
                        




                     
                  , the younger, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, a silver watch, value four guineas, and a steel chain, value 1s.
             the property of the said George.


                  GEORGE 
                  GREGORY
               



             sworn. - I live with my father, who is a potato-merchant, in Spital-fields-market: On Monday evening, the 15th of March, about half-past six, I was walking down a narrow passage, leading to petticoat-lane; I heard a great noise, I looked behind me, and saw a great mob, driving a bullock; the prisoner was walking quick behind me; I turned round, and went towards Houndsditch


; directly after, the prisoner came running past, and snatched the watch out of my pocket, so quick that I could make no resistance; I followed him instantly, and saw him put the watch in by his side, his waistcoat and jacket were loose open; when I followed him, he made a great noise, and about twenty men and boys came running up with sticks, and hit me about the head and hands, so that I was obliged to let him go; I went home, and in about an hour my brother and I went to several pawnbroker's shops, in one of which we found the prisoner; I told my brother he had stolemy watch, and we took him; he said, he knew nothing of it; I knew his cace, having seen him several times before, and it being quite-light, I could see very well.


                  SAMUEL 
                  GREGORY
               



             sworn. - I went with my brother, and met the prisoner at the pawnbroker's; my brother said, this is one of them; I asked him if it was the man who took the watch, he said, it was; the prisoner denied it, and the pawnbroker said, he came to take a coat out of pawn.
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing of so I never saw him before it was in the pawnbroker's shop.
GUILTY, aged 15.
Of 


               stealing, but not violently
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
