





633. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     GILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of September
, thirty yards of cambric muslin, value 35s. eight shawls, value 29s. a half shawl, value 1s. 9d. and a pair of stockings, value 12d. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        George
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  EVAN 
                  GEORGE
               



             sworn. - My brother, John George, keeps a linen-draper's shop
, No. 205, Piceadilly


; I assisted in the shop.
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A. Yes, she has been at the shop several times; on Wednesday morning, the 2d of September, between eleven and twelve o'clock she came in to look at some shawls; she purchased one and took it away with her, we did not miss any thing till the pawnbroker brought her to the shop, about three or four o'clock in the afternoon; Mr. Gordon is the pawnbroker; he brought her back with some shawls, the marks upon which were in my brother's hand-writing.
Q. At the time the prisoner was in your shop in the morning, who was in the shop? - A. My brother.
Q. Who else? - A. Mr. Thomas, a young man, who serves in the shop; he is not here.
WILLIAM GORDON sworn. - On the 2d of September, about twelve o'clock, the prisoner brought a shawl, and offered it to one of my young men; I suspected her and stopped her with the shawl; I thought her pocket appeared rather bulky, and insisted upon knowing the contents; upon which she pulled out five whole shawls, and one half, (produces them;) I then took her to Mr. George's, and the young man said they were their's; she at first said, she found them in Leicester-square, then, that she had purchased them at a house in Leicester-square.
George. These shawls are my brother's; this is the one that I had sold her in the morning.
Q. Had you sold her the other shawls? - A. I had not; I am sure I saw them all at the time she was in the shop, looking them over; they were all fastened, and she divided them, and took out the one that she chose.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave her a good character. GUILTY, aged 27.
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
