






592. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     IRELAND
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of August
, fifty-two yards of linen cloth, value 2l. 2s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Sage
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Rawdon
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Jennings
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Richard Jennings
            .
Second Count. Charging it to be the dwelling-house of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Sage
               



            , William Rawdon, and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Jennings
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTS
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to Sage, Rawdon, and Jennings; Irish factor


s: On Monday the 29th of August, about nine o'clock in the morning, I was coming down stairs, and observed the prisoner and another man cutting open a pack of goods, and taking out of it one piece, it was placed in our passage; I immediately pursued him down Foster-lane


, the prisoner threw down the goods within six or eight yards of the door, and with the assistance of two men, I secured him in Foster-lane, the other man got away; the good were picked up by a witness now in Court; Mr. Jennings lives in the house.
Q. Is the passage a part of the house? - A. It leads to the warehouse; there are two doors, one leads to the private door, the other is a glass door, through which I saw him.


                  JAMES 
                  LLOYD
               



             sworn. - I heard the cry of stop thief; I followed the prisoner, and overtook him at the bottom of Foster-lane, he had a large knife in his hand, and cut at a gentleman that attempted to stop him; he was stopped and thrown down before I came up to him.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SIMS
               



             sworn. - I was coming up Foster-lane, I heard a cry of stop thief; I met the prisoner, he drew a knife from under his coat, and threatened to stab me if I attempted to stop him; he made a stab at me, but did not cut me; he was stopped by a man throwing him down, I went back with him to the house.


                  RICHARD 
                  CRISP
               



             sworn. - I was coming up Foster-lane, about nine o'clock in the morning, I heard the cry of stop thief; I saw the prisoner running, he drew a knife upon me, and swore he would run it into me if I attempted to stop him; I turned upon my heel and threw him down, and he was secured.


                  DAVID 
                  GILSON
               



             sworn. - I was passing by when the prisoner threw down the goods against me, upon the pavement; I saw him run from Mr. Jennings's; I picked up the goods, and gave them to the servant; I am sure the prisoner is the sam man, he had a knife in his hand at the same time.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHEPHERD
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, I received the knife from James Lloyd, (producing it;) I found two other knives in his pocket(Producing them.)(Mr. Jennings produced the property.)
Gilson. These are the goods I picked up and carried to Mr. Jennings.
Q. (To Mr. Jennings.) What are your partners names? - A. 
               
                  Edward 
                  Sage
               



            , and William Rawdon.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence. GUILTY.




               Of stealing goods to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
