





7. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     STACK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of November
, eight yards of woolen cloth, value 50 s. and twenty waistcoat pieces, value 50 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Loddon
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Woodward
                     



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LODDON
               



             sworn. I am a hawker of cloth blankets, and waistcoat pieces
; I live at the Angel and Crown in Wood-street.
Q. Where were those things that were lost? - A. They were at the Crown and Can, in St. John-street, Clerkenwell


.
Q. Who keeps the house? - A. Mr. Woodward. I went into the tap, and asked the gentlemen that were in company, if they wanted any cloth or waistcoat pieces; it is a week ago last Tuesday night; I was coming out when this 
               
                  Mary 
                  Stack
               



             was buying two pennyworth of brandy; she said she would buy a pair of blankets, if we could agree with the price; I went back, and clapped one of the bundles on the bench, and opened my blankets on the ground; I shewed her a pair; she said she did not like them; I shewed her another pair, and I sold them her for a pound; when I had sold her the pair for a pound, she said she would not have them unless she might have them for sixteen shillings. I told her I would not let her have them for sixteen shillings, but I would oblige her to have them for a pound, what I had agreed with her to sell them for; I took hold of her, and the servant girl came to me, and desired me to let her go about her business; I pinned my blankets up again; I threw my bundle on my back, and went to the bench where my other bundle was, and it was gone. The landlady sent the servant girl with me to her house; I asked her if she had them; she denied having them; the servant girl stopped a bit with her while I went and fetched an officer. The officer came with me and searched the house, and we could not find them. The officer took her with us to the house where I lost the goods, and then the officer says we must go back again, they are somewhere about the house; we went back, and found one piece of woollen cloth there, which I can swear to be mine; I found it between the bed and the mattress.
Q. Were you sober? - A. Yes, as sober as I am at this time. She had got her bundle under her cloak as I was shewing her the blankets
Q. Was she sober? - A. She was sober to look at.


                  SARAH 
                  JOSLING
               



             sworn. The prisoner came in on Tuesday week in the evening; she had two pennyworth of brandy at the bar; after she had drank the brandy, she went and bargained for a pair of blankets with the man; she looked at one pair, they did not suit her, she looked at another pair, and bid him a pound for them; the man said she should have them, and then the prisoner would not give any more than sixteen shillings; he insisted on her having them at the pound; I pushed her away from him, I was afraid of their making a noise.
Q. What people were in the house at that time? - A. Nobody was in the house but her and him.
Q. Who keeps the house? - A. Mr. Woodward.
Q. The hawker did not leave the goods in the care of your master? - A. No.
Jury. Q. Where was the bundle? - A. He laid it on the bench while he opened his bundle.
Q. Was there any body in the house besides the woman? - A. Yes, there were more, but they never moved from their seats.
Prisoner's Q. (to Prosecutor) Did not you come in ten minutes time to my house? - A. I did.
Prisoner's Defence. She stopped at my house. Mr. White came up stairs. She and this young man followed me to my house. Whatshould I do with the bundle, I never took it.
Q. How came you by this cloth? - A. I bought it six months ago.
Q. Then you prove where you bought it? - I would if I had time; my husband is very bad, he had not time to go where I bought it. He swears to that cloth, when I can get the man that sold it to me.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



             sworn. I am an officer.
Q. You went and examined this place? - A. I did. I did not find any thing upon the first watch; I said to the prosecutor that I forgot to open the bed; I returned to her room and opened the bed, and between the sacking and the mattress I found this cloth; she denied having any thing of this sort; I knew her to be a bad character.
Q. (To Prosecutor.) How do you know it to be your property? - A. I know it by the colour and by the selvage; I knew it as soon as I saw it.
Q. Were the cloth and waiscoat pieces in one bundle? - A. They were; and they were laid very close together; it did not take up much room; I never found the waiscoat pieces, only the eight yards of cloth. I am sure they all went together when they were taken away.




               GUILTY - of stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
