






710. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     NEALE
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BURKE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of October
, two rolls of ribbon, value 8 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Tanner
                        




                     
                   privately in his shop
            .
HARRIOT TANNER. Q. Are you the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Tanner
               



            . - A. Yes; he keeps a haberdasher's shop
, No. 9, Clekenwell-green, St. James's, Clerkenwell


.
Q. Did you see either of the prisoners in your shop on the 21st of October. - A Yes, between five and six o'clock in the afternoon, they came in; 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Burke
               



             came in first, the other came in about five minutes afterwards; Burke asked me to let her look at some ribbons, I shewed her several; in the mean time Neale came in.
Q. Did they appear as if they were acquainted. - A. No; Neale asked for some watch ribbons; a young man came in with her and stood rather behind her I took a watch ribbon out of the drawer and showed it her; she showed it to the young man that came in with her, he objected to it; they wished to see some more. I had no more of the same in the drawer, and Burke at the same time hurried me to shew her some more ribbons; I then suspected they came in with intention to steal. Burke did not make choice of any ribbon nor Neale, I therefore put the drawer back and took some watch ribbons that were tied up in the window for show and shewed them to Neale; they did not approve of them; they offered me less money than I chose to take.
Q. Did Burke appear to meddle at all with the watch ribbon. - A. No, they both left the shop.
Q. Did Neale and Burke and the young man leave the shop at the same time. - A Nearly; I did not see when the young man went away. Neale and Burke went out close together.
Q. How long was it after they left the shop did you perceive that you had lost any thing. - A. Directly almost. After they left the shop I missed the piece of ribbon I put into Neale's hand. Upon missing what I had showed to Neale, I rung a bell for a gentleman to come down; he went for a constable. I should have told you in the manner I stopped them, Burke came back for a basket she had left behind her.
Q. Was that before you sent the gentleman for the constable. - A. Yes. Neale came in directly after almost.
Q. How far was Neale from Burke at the time she came in. - A. It did not appear to me that she was many yards. I never saw the young man any more.
Q. What did Neale say. - A. She did not say any thing. When Burke came in for the basket I stopped her; Neale came in directly upon it. I told Neale that I had given a piece of ribbon into her hand, I had missed it, I should detain them both. They denied it; they said I might search them. Neale pulled off her coat, the constable came, he searched them. On Neale he found a piece of watch ribbon, which I had given into her hands. Upon Burke was found a roll of blue ribbon.
Q. Had you missed it before that time. - A. No. I looked in the drawer; I knew I had such a piece; I found it gone. I had seen that piece of blue ribbon when the drawer was before her.
Q. You did not see Neale take this watch ribbon did you. - A. No.
Q. What was the value of the two rolls of ribbon. - A. I cannot say exactly unless they were measured, I think eight shillings.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a constable of Clerkenwell. On Tuesday evening, about five o'clock, I was sent for to take charge of these two women; Mrs. Tanner said she had missed some ribbon, she thought the prisoners had got it. Neale told me I was welcome to search her if I thought proper; I took a piece of ribbon out of her pocket; Mrs. Tanner said it was her ribbon; then I searched Burke, I took the other ribbon out of her pocket. Mrs. Tanner examined her drawer, and then she claimed it to be hers. Burke told me plainly to my face that it never was in her pocket.
Q. You say upon your oath that you did take it out ofher pocket. - A. Yes.
Neale. I was a little intoxicated in liquor.
Davis. She did not appear to me to be in a state of intoxication at all.
GEORGE SELWOOD. Q. Do you live in Tanner's house. - A. Yes; I saw only a piece of ribbon taken out of Neale's pocket. She did not appear in a state of intoxication.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HODGER
               



            . Q. Do you live in Tanner's house. - A. Yes; I was only present when Neale was searched; I was out at the time they were in the shop
Q. Had Neale she appearance of being in a state of intoxication so as not to know what she was about. - A. No.
The property produced and identified.
Burke's Defence. I washed for a young man, a sailor, that was on board a ship a twelve month; he came home on Tuesday, I happened to meet him and a young woman, I asked him when he would pay me what he owed me; I went in to ask for a piece of ribbon, I did not buy any; I come out and forgot my basket, I went in for my basket; I had the ribbon that the man gave me in my pocket.
Neale's Defence. I went in to buy a watch ribbon. I can give no account of myself; I was very much in liquor, I might put it in my pocket, I did not know what I was about; I told them they might search me; if I had know'd that I had it in my pocket I would not have said so.
Q.(to prosecutrix.) Did you see that this woman was intoxicated when she was in your shop. - A. No.
NEALE, GUILTY, aged 35.
BURKE, GUILTY, aged 21.
Of 


               stealing to the value of four shillings and ten pence only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
