





252. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SPALDING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of February
, two shirts, value 20 s. four handkerchiefs, value 10 s. and one pair of stockings, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Scrudmore Bird 
                     Davies
                  




               
            , esq
.


                  SCRUDMORE 
                  BIRD DAVIES
               



            , ESQ. The prisoner was my servant
; I live 82, Jermyn street


, in lodgings. I have missed several articles previous to my detecting him; the prisoner had lived with me near three months. In consequence of information, on the 7th of February, the officer came to my lodgings; I immediately rung the bell for my servant to come up; he came up; I immediately charged him with having a shirt of mine on him, and a neckcloth; the officer made him undress and the shirt and neckcloth proved to be mine. The officer went up into his room to search his drawers, and there we found a neckcloth and a pair of stockings. Previous to my sending for the officer, in going through Oxford, I found myself reduced so, that I was obliged to go to my brother in Oxford for some things; he lent me six neckcloths; two of which was found in his box.
Q. You never gave the prisoner liberty of wearing them - A. Never.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GREGORY
               



            . I am parish officer of St. James's. On the 7th of February I was sent for; I went up stairs into the drawing room; the bell was rung and the servant came up; Mr. Davies accused him with having taking taken away his linen; he seemed very much confused and denied it; I searched him; Mr. Davies said he had a shirt of his on his back; he said he had; he had the shirt and handkerchief taken off, they proved to be Mr. Davies's; I searched the prisoner's drawers, I found a handkerchief with the mark, a great part of of it picked out, and one pair of stockings with the mark picked out.


                  FRANCES 
                  DAY
               



            . I am a laundress to Mr. Davies. The prisoner brought me these things for his own to wash; I knew them to be Mr. Davies's; a shirt and three handkerchiefs; he had taken the marks out and put his own name to them; I knew them to be his master's; I informed Mr. Davies. I was present when he was searched; the officer found the shirt on his back, and a handkerchief; and a handkerchief in his drawers, and a pair of stockings. The shirt is marked S B D, No. 8; and the handkerchief is marked S B D; the handkerchief found in his drawers there is two letters picked out, and 
               
                  John 
                  Spalding
               



             wrote with ink at the corner.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. One of these shirts I never had, they were sent with my own things to be washed. One shirt of my master's I took the liberty to put on; mine was not clean; I waited upon my master's brother, Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Davies
               



             at Bath; he left them things behind him; I have not seen Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Davies
               



             since. I did not steal them, they only lay in my room.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
