






753. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WELCH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     ALLEN
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of October
, a handkerchief, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Earle
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  EARLE
               



             sworn. - I am a clerk
 in the house of Bird Savage, and Bird: On Monday, the 18th of October, about ten o'clock in the morning, I had my pocket picked in Leadenhall-street


; I did not know it till I was called to by Mr. Read; I then saw my handkerchief under the arm of the prisoner Allen, who was at that time behind me; the witness Read told me he was a constable, and he took them to the Mansion-house; I followed, and they were committed; I know nothing against Welch, Read had hold of them both.
Q. Did not you feel your handkerchief go at all? - A. No.
Q. You did not feel the least sensation? - A. Not the least.


                  RICHARD 
                  READ
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to the Lord Mayor: On Monday, the 18th of October, as I was coming from Newgate-street into Cheapside, I saw the two prisoners, and watched them to Leadenhall-street; Allen had got my handkerchief half out of my pocket; I felt it, and he then asked me the way to Greenwich; I directed them across the way, and Mr. Earle was before them; they followed him all through Cheapside till they got to Cornhill, and then Mr. Earle Crossed the way, and they followed him till he got to where the fire was; a cart was standing there taking away the rubbish; a plank went across the pavement, which stopped Mr. Earle half a minute; I then saw Allen and Welch go up to Mr. Earle; I saw Allen with the handkerchief in his hand; he gave it to Welch, and he put it under his arm.
Q. Did you see him take it out of the pocket? - A. No; I called to Mr. Earle and held the two boys; Mr. Earle said that was his handkerchief, and I told him he must go before the Lord Mayor, which he did. (Produces the handkerchief.)
Mr. Earle. This is my handkerchief.
Welch's defence. I picked up the handkerchief in the road and put it under my arm, and then that gentleman stopped me.
Allen's defence. I know nothing at all of the handkerchief; I did not know that this boy had it.
Welch, GUILTY, aged 12.
Allen, GUILTY, aged 13.




               Of stealing, but not privily from the person
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
