





748.
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BAXTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, privily from the person of 
                     
                        
                           John-Christian-Frederick 
                           Wassman
                        




                     
                  , on the 7th of October
, a pocket-book, value 4s. two Banknotes. value 4l. and six Bank-notes, value 6l. the property of the said John
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)

JOHN-CHRISTIAN-FREDERICK WASSMAN
             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. - On Thursday, the 7th of October, I was at Drury-lane Theatre


; when the piece was over, I came into the lobby; I then had my hand upon my pocketbook, in my right hand coat pocket; Mr. Schutz, my friend, was in the lobby; I put my right arm under his arm; at that moment there was a crowd pushing against us, and I immediately put my hand down to my pocket again, and found my pocketbook gone; I looked about me directly, and saw the prisoner with the pocket-book in his right hand, putting it into his bosom; I immediately turned my face towards him, laid hold of him by the breast, and said, you have my pocket-book; he then wanted to crowd away; I called out to Mr. Schutz, and told him this man had my pocket-book in his possession; Mr. Schutz laid hold of him directly; he wanted to get off, and stooped cowr, and then Mr. Smith, who is a witness, held the book up in his hand, and asked if that was the book that was lost; and I said, it was my pocket-book; it contained six Bank-notes of 1l. each, and two of 2l. each; he attempted as much as he could to get away; the crowd pushed me backwards, and forced me from him; Mr. Schutz kept held of him, and Pickering, the constable, came up, and took hold of him.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. There was a considerable crowd at this time? - A. Yes.
Q. At that time you felt something which induced you to put your hand to your pocket, and you missed your pocket-book? - A. Yes.


                  LUDOLPH 
                  SCHUTZ
               



             sworn. - On the 7th of October I was at Drury-lane; I met with Mr. Wassman in the lobby, and he put his hand under my arm; he is a countryman and an acquaintance of mine; he almost immediately took his arm from me, and said, my pocket-book is gone, and pointing at Baxter, he said, that fellow has got my pocket-book, and having a suspicious look, I collared him; there was a great crowd immediately, and I got a blow from some person, I cannot say from whom: I was pushed about very much, but, with the assistance of another gentleman, I got him out of the lobby, and called out to one of the grenadiers, who came and laid hold of him; he was secured, and given in charge to the constable.


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



             sworn. - I was at Drury-lane; I saw a man stooping down, attempting to get away from some persons who had hold of him; I cannot say who those persons were; in about a minute afterwards, I picked up this pocket-book upon the very spot where I saw the man stoop down; I cannot say whether it was the prisoner or not,(produces it); I held it up, and Mr. Wassman claimed it; I have had it ever since.(The pocket-book and notes were identified by Mr. Wassman).
Q. (To Mr. Wassman.) Who was the man that stopped? - A. The prisoner at the bar.
 - PICKERING sworn. - I am one of the patrol of Bow-street; I took charge of the prisoner.
Prisoner's defence. At the time the gentleman charges me with putting his book in my bosom, I was putting my handkerchief in.
GUILTY, aged 35.




               Of stealing, but not privily, from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Thompson.
