





772. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     EVANS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of October
, seven guineas and two shillings, the property of 
                     
                        Manuel 
                        Jose
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house
             of Elizabeth Holman.
Second Count. Laying it to be the property of 
               
                  Manuel 
                  Jose
               



            , in the said dwelling-house.
Third Count. Laying it to be the property of Manuel Jose, in the dwelling-house of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Cornet
               



            .
Fourth Count. Laying it to be the property of 
               
                  Manuel 
                  Jose
               



            , in the dwelling-house of the said 
               
                  Ann 
                  Cornet
               



            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)
MANUEL JOSE, being a foreigner, an interpreter was sworn: On the 10th of October, the night of the illuminations, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I met with the prisoner, and she took me to a house with her; we went into a bed-room together; when I went into the room, I had in my jacket-pocket seven guineas and two shillings; I sent for some beer, and put my hand into my jacket-pocket to pay for it, and then I saw the money; there was no other person there; we both undrest, and went to bed.
Q. Was she entirely undrest? - A. Yes, I put my jacket under my head with the money in it.
Q. Were you drunk or sober? - A. I was quite sober, I slept for an hour; I then awoke, and the woman was gone; I found the jacket on the floor, and the money gone; I then applied to the master of the house, and told him my money was gone.


                  JAMES 
                  PHILLIPS
               



             sworn. - I am waiter at the Salisbury Coffee-house, Chancery-lane, nearly opposite Serjeant's-Inn; the prisoner brought a foreign sailor to our house, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, on the 10th of October, the first night of the illuminations; the woman asked for a room; the sailor could not speak English; they were shewn into a bed-room; the prisoner asked him to pay for the room, which he did; I fetched a pot of porter for them, and left them; the woman came out first, about twelve o'clock; she told me the man was going to sleep by himself, and that he was very agreeable to her going; she went away, and in about a quarter of an hour, or twenty minutes afterwards, I saw the man; he came down crying and wringing his hands; I could understand that he said guineas, and he counted seven of his fingers; I went to the Cheshire-Cheese, in Fleurde-Luce-court, and in about ten minutes found her; I charged the watch with her, and took her to the watch-house; I gave charge of her to the constable; I was in the room when he searched her.
Q. Who is it that keeps this house? - 
               A. Elizabeth Holman
            ; it is her dwelling-house; she pays the rent of it.
Q. Was the sailor drunk or sober? - A. He appeared to be quite sober.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not call you up several times, and tell you I would not stay with him? - A. She called me up once, and told me to get another shilling for the room, for they were going to stay all night; I received two shillings of him altogether, and six-pence for the porter.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  AULD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I was constable of the night; after I had received charge of the prisoner, I asked her what property she had; she told me she had no property, but a few halfpence; I searched her, and found upon her a knife, three pennyworth of halfpence, a farthing, and three guineas; I then asked her how she came to say she had no property about her; she said, it was illumination night, and she thought to have left it at home, but she had forgot to leave it at home.
Prisoner's defence. It is my own money; I sitin Fleet-market, and I thought I had left my money at home.




               GUILTY, of stealing money, value 23s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
