





825. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     VERNON, otherwise 
JOHN DAWES, otherwise 
JOHN TAWES





               
            , was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of August
, a pair of gold ear-rings, value 4s. and a gold pin, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Ithier
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  ITHIER
               



             sworn. - I live in Clarges-street, Piccadilly


: On Friday the 20th of August, the prisoner brought me from the Hay-market Theatre, and in the morning, he wished my servant to follow him to Bond-street, to his lodgings, saying, he would send me some money; she came up stairs, and I asked her why she did not follow him; she said, he told her to go to the Thatched-house Tavern, and she would find him; I would not let her go, and I went into my bed-room; I looked into my box, and on the toilet, and missed a pair of gold ear-rings, a gold pin, a gilt locket, and a shawl, which I had placed on the trunk, near the bed; I did not see any thing of the prisoner till the 24th of September, when I took him as I was coming out of Convent-garden Theatre; the duplicate of the pin and ear-rings were found in his apartment; he denied having robbed me, and wished to make his escape; I took him to the watch-house, and afterwards he was taken to Great Marlborough-street; I am positive he is the person.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  RANDALL
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Miss Ithier; and let the prisoner in about twelve o'clock in the evening of the 20th of August, I am sure he is the person: I let him out in the morning, and he said I was to follow him to the Thatched-house Tavern, but not immediately; by my mistress's order I did not go.


                  JAMES 
                  ROSS
               



             sworn. - My son is a pawnbroker, and I was minding his shop: On the 21st of August, the prisoner came in and pledged a pair of gold ear-rings, and a pin, in the name of Edwards, for 5s. I am certain of his person.


                  RICHARD 
                  LOVETT
               



             sworn. - I am an officer, and have a duplicate of the ear-rings and pin, which I found in the prisoner's box, at his lodgings, at the corner of Tom's-court, Bird-street, Grosvenor-square. (The articles produced and identified.)
The prisoner put in a written defence to the following purport:
My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury. It is, with the deepest sense of shame and concern, that I find myself under the necessity of answering a charge I never expected to be brought against me; I looked upon the articles to be a free gift from the prosecutrix, who consented I should have them for her sake; the morning I left her, I asked them of her, and she consented to my request; when I left her lodgings, I desired her servant to follow me home, and I would send her mistress something for having staid with her all night; I was surprised she did not follow me, but intended to return again, and went home without an idea of what would be the consequence; being but a short time in London, and unacquainted with the town, I could not find out her lodgings, which I wished to do; when I met her afterwards, my satisfaction was much damped, by the charge of having robbed her; I might easily have avoided her, but I offered to go home with her, and might have quitted her in our walk to Half-moon-street, where she said she lived, if I had been so inclined; it happened that I had been disappointed of some money from my friend,which subjected me to the inconvenience of pledging my apparel, and inadvertently those ear-rings; having been a short time in London, and my friends and relations being abroad, I have no friends here to speak for me; I hope, if my single asseveration can be taken, it will be believed, I had no intention to rob her, and that my conduct will be looked upon more as levity than an intention to injure; I humbly beg leave to say, that as this is the first time, so it shall be the last of my appearing at the bar of this or any other tribunal.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
