





8. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PORTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of November
, a cock fowl, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Wartnaby
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  WARTNABY
               



             sworn. - I live at Dalston, in the parish of Hackney


: On Sunday the 4th of November, about ten o'clock in the morning, I was in my stable, and I heard a noise of the fowls in my yard, I opened the door, and I saw the prisoner at the bar run away.
Q. What is your yard? - A. An open farm yard; he was in the yard close to the stable-door; I ran after him, and as he was going out of the gate he dropped the cock, I saw him drop the cock when he got there; he then ran down Pigwell-lane, about two hundred yards off; I catched hold of him, and brought him back, and sent for a constable.
Q. Does he live in your neighbourhood? - A. We do not know where he lives; he told the Justice he lived in the parish of St. Luke's; I know nothing of the man myself.
Cross-examined by Mr. Watson. Q. Where was your yard dog at the time? - A. He was in the stable with me, and he came out with me.
Q. When you came out of the stable he was going out of the yard? - A. I saw him close to the stable-door.
Q. Did you ever see the cock in that young man's possession? - A. Yes; I saw it drop from him.
Q. This was in the middle of the day, there were a number of people passing and repassing? - A. There were none in my yard; I saw the cock drop from him.


                  JAMES 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. - Q. You had the cock from Mr. Wartnaby? - A. Yes. (The cock produced, and identified by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. There were a number of fowls in the road, and I was hustling them out of my way, in doing that, the cock made a bit of a fly out of my way; I never had the cock at all, they were all in the road as I was going to my uncle's, at at Newington.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24,




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
