





867. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     RUDOLL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of October
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Angelo 
                           Majora
                        




                     
                  , two 1 l. bank notes, eight 2 l. notes and a 10 l. note, his property
            .
ANGELO MAJORA. I am an Italian sailor
. The prisoner is the man that got my money, the man that robbed me was cast last sessions; he picked my pocket and gave the money to the prisoner.
Q. Where was it - A. At the bottom of the Minories


, in the street. As I came out of the captain's house, I had the money in my hand, I put it in my jacket pocket; Mordecai picked my pocket, and gave the money to the prisoner.
Q. Are you sure this man was one - A. Yes, there was Mordecai, the prisoner, and another.


                  AUGUSTIN 
                  FERNANDEZ
               



            . I am a sailor.
Q. What day was it this happened - A. I believe on the 26th of 
               August. Me
             and my shipmate went to receive our wages of the captain, about half past four in the afternoon; I saw the prisoner and 
               
                  Michael 
                  Mordecai
               



            , and another man, standing about the captain's house. When my shipmate received the money I asked how much he received; he said 28 l. my shipmate had got the money in his jacket pocket; 
               
                  Michael 
                  Mordecai
               



             put his hand into his pocket and took the money out, and gave it to the prisoner. 
               
                  Michael 
                  Mordecai
               



             was tried last sessions, and convicted; I am sure the prisoner is the man.
Prisoner's Defence. About six weeks ago, I understand since I have been in prison, there was a young fellow came into Lambeth Street yard, about the size of me; them two prosecutors picked that young fellow out, and said he was the man; and would have sworn to him, if so be it could not have been proved wrong.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury before Mr. Recorder.
