





623. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2nd of June
, a watch, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Marston
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  MARSTON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Marston
               



            , we keep the the Plough in Beaufort's buildings
; the watch was lost from No. 12, Cecil-court, St. Martin's-lane


. On the 2nd of June.
Q. When had you last seen it before you missed it - A. Not above two or three minutes before, because I had just looked at it, it was on the mantle piece, by the side of a medal, in my sister's apartment; it was my sister's watch, she was gone out; she had nothing to do with it; she worked at a shop in Cranbourn-alley, and her husband lived with the Prince of Wales.
Q. Did you sleep in the apartment - A. No; we were there because we had taken a room on purpose to sleep in, and we used to go there of a day to get our breakfast, and every thing in her apartment was left in my care.
Q. The watch did not belong to you or to your husband - A. No. I had gone into the next room on purpose to get air, I had not been gone above two minutes to the most, when I came to the door I saw the prisoner turning round from the mantle piece, he was coming towards the door; I thought he might be one of the lodgers; he then got to the stairs; I cast my eye to the mantle piece.
Q. I suppose, as this house is let out in lodgings, the street door is generally left open - A. Yes. When I cast my eye to the mantle piece, and missed the watch, the man was got to the top of the stairs; I said to him you have got a watch; I instantly called out stop thief, the lodgers all then came about; he got down all but three stairs; I was close to him; he said d - n you, I have got no watch; he attempted to throttle me. He threw the watch over the bannisters of the stairs, and broke it, ran out, and shut the door; I went out, I catched sight of him in the court; I called out stop thief, I did not see him stopped; I thought I had better go back, as I had left the property in the passage. He was brought back; then he said he never had been up stairs; I charged him with being the thief. He was secured; my husband and a young man took him to Bow-street.


                  JOHN 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am a plane maker, I live in Mercer-street, Long Acre. I was in St. Martin's-court when two boys cried out stop thief; that man has stole a watch; I turned round and followed the prisoner, he was stopped by several people besides me; I took care that he should not go away; he said I have not got a watch; I did not steal the watch; the boys said you did steal the watch.
Q. Did they say from what place he had stolen it - A. Yes; I said if you have not stolen the watch, why need you be afraid of going down with me to the woman; he hesitated, and at last he said he would; I took him down; she was in a great passion with him; she immediately declared that he was the man that stole the watch; he said she was mistaken.
Q. At the time the boys were calling after him was he running or walking - A. He was running; I took charge of him, and took him to Bow-street with the woman's husband.
Prosecutrix. I have had the watch ever since; it is my sister's watch; it has the marks of violence upon it, the inside is quite beat down; I valued it at thirty shillings.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming along, I think it was in Bear-street, leading to the King's-mews, a person stopped me and told me I had stole a woman's watch, in some court; I said I had not stolen a watch. I am innocent of the crime. I declare to God I have not the least knowledge, nor was I ever nigh the court to my knowledge; the prosecutrix swore that if I had an hundred necks she would hang me; she struck me. I never did any thing of the kind in my life. I have a situation in the Custom house, and at this time on the eve of promotion; I should be very sorry to be guilty of any thing of the kind.



               GUILTY
            , aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
