





149. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LAWRENSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of January
, thirty-six pound weight of lead, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Wall
                     




                  , affixed to a certain building called a house
            .
Second count for like offence, only stating it to be fixed to a building generally.


                  JOHN 
                  WALL
               



            . I live in Oxford street


.
Q. When did you lose this lead. - A. On the 12th of January it was taken off a place that projected off the house, about ten or eleven feet high.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREGORY
               



            . I am a watchman. I was going my round, and just opposite of this gentleman's house I found this lead, I then looked up to the house, and there I spied the prisoner. I sprang my rattle, he jumped down from off the place; I was not so far from him as I am to you; I pursued him. As soon as he came nigh another watchman he catched him, I never lost sight of him. I told King to mind the man, and I went and fetched the lead; we matched the lead with the place, it is exactly the same.
Q. How did he get up. - A. I do not know how, I think he must have help. We went back to the place where the prisoner was upon, we found his hat and his knife; the next morning he said the knife and the hat were both his.
- KING. I heard the other watchman spring the rattle, and I stopped him.
Prisoner's Defence. It was about eleven o'clock when I was coming from my sister's house, when I heard the rattle spring; somebody jumped off from the top, and the lead knocked my hat off.



               GUILTY
            , aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
