





53. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  DEACON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of October
, fifteen yards and three quarters of kerseymere, value 6l. 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Maitland
               



            , 
               
                  Robert 
                  Maitland
               



             the younger
, 
               
                  Henry 
                  Sterry
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Nettleship
               



            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)
JOHN WOOTTON sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. What is the firm of the Messrs. Maitlands? - A. John Maithland, Robert Maitland the younger, Henry Sterry, and John Nettleship; I am their warehouseman; they live in Balinghall-street; the prisoner was employed by his father in the looking-over room; his father had been employed many years in that house: On Saturday, the 31st of October, between four and five in the afternoon, I observed the prisoner coming down stairs into the warehouse; I observed something stick out behind him under his cloaths; he went down the yard into Mason's-alley, which is opposite the warehouse gate; I went after him, clapped my hand upon his back, and said, Deacon, what have you got here; he said a bit of kerseymere,for God's sake forgive me and don't tell my father; I told him I could not forgive him; I took him into the drawing-room, and, from under his waistcoat, I took four yards of drab-coloured doublemilled kerseymere; he said, he got it out of the superfine warehouse; I desired him to go with me, and shew me where he had it from; William Elton and I went with him; I missed a piece from a pile that he shewed me; we went up stairs again into the looking over room, and, in his right-hand coat-pocket I found two yards of the same; in his left-hand coat-pocket two yards more; and the rest I found in a drawer, of which he gave me the key; I found in all thirteen yards and three-quarters, (produces it); and the constable found two yards more in his hat, which made exactly the quantity in the piece that I missed; I asked him where the end of the piece was with the manufacturer's mark, and he took it out of his breeches-pocket; it is marked Stephens and Co. with the number; they are our manufacturers.(William Elton corroborated the testimony of Wootton.)(James Prior, the constable, produced two yards of cloth, found in the prisoner's hat.)
Prisoner's defence. I leave my defence to your Lordship and the Jury.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
