





751. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DALEY
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of September
, a pocket book, value 1s. two pieces of gold, called Louis d'ors, value 2l. and a Bill of Exchange, value 250l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Cameron
                  




               
            ,


                  FRANCIS 
                  CAMERON
               



             sworn. - I am a German: On Saturday, the 18th of September, between two and three o'clock, I lost my pocket-book in the Minories


; I had my wife and two children with me; I was standing at a pawnbroker's door; my wife asked me to make her a present of a gold ring; we were looking at some rings in the window; my wife pointed to a ring, and I told her to have which she liked; my hand was in my pocket, upon my pocket-book; I then took it out and pointed at a ring, and asked her if she meant that one; I immediately found a man's hand upon my pocket; I put my hand to my left hand pocket and missed my pocket-book; I then turned to my right hand and went after the men; there were three of them; the prisoner was the man who had his hand at my pocket; I pursued him and took him; the other two made their escape; I faacs assisted me in taking him.
Q. Did you ever recover your pocket-book? - A. Never; it contained two Louis d'ors, and a Bill of Exchange for 250l.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. - Q. What distance was the prisoner from you at the time you say lie was running away? - A. About 20 yards.
Q. There were other people running besides the prisoner? - A. Yes; two other men.
Q. The first time you saw him he was 20 yards from you? - A. No; I saw him close to my pocket.
Q. There was nothing found upon him? - A. Nothing.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GUYER
               



             sworn. - I am apprentice to a poulterer: On Saturday the 18th, I was taking some poultry to Rosemary-lane; coming back in the Minories, I saw the prosecutor and his wife and two children; I then saw the prisoner and a ragged boy close behind them; the prosecutor stopped at a pawnbroker's window, two doors from America-square; the prisoner, and the boy went close up behind the prosecutor, and in about a minute I saw the prisoner put his hand up to his bosom; directly after that, the prosecutor said he was robbed, and they both ran away together; I immediately pointed out the prisoner, and told the prosecutor that man was behind him, and he ran after him directly; he turned up America-square, into John-street, and there is a court that comes into the Minories again; the prosecutor followed him, and I went round to meet him; the prisoner came out of the court into the Minories again, just as the prosecutor and several other people were calling out stop thief; the prisoner ran the length of two or three-streets before he was stopped; I did not see him stopped; he was taken to the office.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. - Q. It was high change in Rosemary-lane at two or three o'clock in the day? - A. Not on a Saturday.
Q. Do you know whether this pawnbroker's shop is in the city of London, or the county of Middlesex? - A. I cannot say.
Q. There were a number of people running? - A. Yes.
Q. You ran as well as the prisoner? - A. Yes.


                  MOSES 
                  ISAACS
               



             sworn. - I am an assistant to the Sheriffs: On the 18th of September I heard the alarm of stop thief; I saw the prisoner running, and the prosecutor after him; he called to me for God's sake to stop that man, he had got his pocketbook; I immediately collared him; the prosecutor said he had lost his pocket-book with 250l. in it; I asked the prisoner if he had robbed him, and he said he had not, he was innocent; the prosecutor then said, that is the man who picked my pocket; I then took him to Lambeth-street Office, and delivered him to Griffiths, one of the officers; he was searched, but no pocket-book found; we observed a lump, he said it was a plaister, he had sore leg, and upon searching, Mr. Griffiths found three single pound notes between his stocking and his skin; hewas the next day taken before the Lord Mayor.
Q. Where was he when you first saw him; was it in the city? - A. No; in the county of Middlesex; the pawnbroker's shop is in the city of London; all that side of the Minories is in the city.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  LEVI
               



             sworn. - I know the pawnbroker's shop to be in the city of London; I stopped the payment of the Bill at Messrs Todd and Co. in Milk-street; the prosecutor went with me.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called four witnessess who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 18.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
