





443. 
               
                  ISAAC 
                  GHRIMES
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of July
, twenty-two ounces weight of bark, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Pistor
                  



               
            , 
               
                  William 
                  Pistor
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Pistor
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PISTOR
               



             sworn. - I live in Walbrook


, I am a drug-broker


.
Q. Have you any partners? - A. Yes, William and 
               
                  James 
                  Pistor
               



            ; the prisoner was a porter
 to us; he had lived with us three or four years; we had missed goods of various kinds, and no person having access to our warehouse, we suspected him: On the 20th of July, I fetched an officer with intent of searching his lodgings; as soon as the officer came, I called the prisoner into the accompting-house, and told him, we having reason to suspect that we had been plundered several times, I desired he would go over with us and the officer to see what he had got in his apartment; the officer observed there was something in his waistcoat, which was his handkerchief; the officer told him that was not the place for his pocket handkerchief; he desired to search his pockets; he pulled off his coat and waistcoat, and put it on a chair in the accompting-house; the officer took up his coat, and he found his pocket full of bark; I am not clear whether it was both or one pocket; on which the officer took him away to the Compter; I asked him how he came to rob us in that manner; he said he only took a little for his own use.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Had you said any thing to induce him to say how he came by it - that it would be better for him if he would tell? - A. I do not recollect any such conversation; I have no doubt where it came from; it came out of one of the chests in our warehouse, which the prisoner had been fastening up; he had been just doing that as the officer came in.
Q. Did you examine that chest to see if any thing had been missed there? - A. I did; there did appear to be a deficiency.
Q. Did you at all weigh the bark to see whether there was the quantity or not? - A. I did not.
Q. He had lived with you three or four years? - A. Yes.
Q. He came into the house with a good character? - A. Yes.


                  EDWARD 
                  CARTWRIGHT
               



             sworn. - Mr. Pistor applied to me about five o'clock on the 20th of July, and I went to his house; the prisoner at the bar opened the door, and I went into the accompting-house; Mr. Pistor called him in; I observed his handkerchief in his waistcoat; I said, that is an awkward place to put an handkerchief; upon which he pulled his coat off, and threw it on a chair; I examined the coat, and found the bark in one of the pockets; I produce the coat as well as the bark; I was ordered to keep the coat and the bark too.
Q.(To the prosecutor.) Is that the same kind of bark you had in the warehouse? - A. Yes, it is red Peruvian bark; it is very scarce; it is worth about twelve shillings a pound.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
