





145. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     COCKERILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 6th of February
, a great coat, value 20 s. and a silk handkerchief, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bush
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BUSH
               



             sworn. I am a seamen
.
Q. Is the prisoner a seaman. - A. He pretends to be one, I am afraid he is not, if he is, he is a disgrace to one; I lost the great coat on board the ship I belonged to (the ship Helena, belonging to London); this man came on board in order to ship himself in her, she lay off Bell Wharf, in London river


; the master of the ship called all hands together, to consult what we should have to go down with her; we all went on shore except the prisoner, while I was absent he took away my coat, with the contents, a silk handkerchief and a tobacco pouch made of seal skin.
Q. What day was this. - A. Last Thursday, between the hours of eleven and twelve.
Q. Had the prisoner entered himself on board. - A. No, he would not agree for the wages, he pretended he came with that intent, but I do not think he had any idea of shipping himself, only to take what he could; I was obliged to leave the ship to find him; I watched the door very narrowly, and at nine o'clock I found him; I took upon me to stand officer myself, it being plain to me that he knew where my property was; when I found him he had my handkerchief round his neck; the coat was found in his lodgings, it was altered and made a jacket of; I brought the tailor who altered it to the magistrate, he satisfied the magistrate that he had altered it; I produce the handkerchief and great coat, I can swear to them, they are mine; here is the piece the tailor cut off the coat.

Prisoner's Defence. I found this coat on an empty lighter, which was a-stern of this ship; I took it up, and asked who owned this coat three times, no body answered.
Q. I suppose you took care there was no person there to hear. - A. Nobody answered to it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
