





526. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of June
, a cotton gown, value 10s. two petticoats, value 10s. two aprons, value 3s. five neck handkerchiefs, value 5s. a pair of women's shoes, value 3s. a pair of stockings, value 1s. two shifts, value 5s. five yards of calico, value 5s. and two caps, value 1s. the property of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Marsh
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Mimpurse
                     



.


                  MARY 
                  MARSH
               



             sworn. - I slept one night in the house; I came to town on the 16th of June, from Stratford-upon-Avon, in Warwickshire; I went to Mr. Stafford's, in King-street, St. James's; while I was there, the prisoner 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smith
               



             came in, I was sitting in the tap-room; she asked me where I came from, and what my name was, and she asked me if I had any where to lie, I told her no; she asked me to go and sleep with her, I did not know her; I went with her, I had a bundle containing a cotton gown, five handkerchiefs, two shifts, two aprons, two caps, a piece of calico, a pair of stockings, and a pair of shoes.
Q. What are they all worth? - A. I do not justly know; I went with her to No. 32, Great Wimpole-street


, the house of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Mimpurse
               



            ; she bid me go to bed, she said, she was going out again; I went to bed about ten o'clock, she had put the bundle in the cupboard; when I first came in, she went out, and about twelve o'clock, she brought a man home, she said it was her husband's brother, and he must lie with her and me, for she had but one bed; they both got into bed for about ten minutes, and then they went away again; I got out of bed and laid on the floor all night; in the morning I went to Mr. Stafford's, and got my place, she promised to bring my bundle there, and she never brought it; on the Sunday following, I went to her, and she was not at home; I went again on Tuesday the 24th, and she said she had sent it down by her servant-maid; the next day she came to our house, and I asked her for it, she d-d me, and called me a liar; I told her she had not sent my clothes; then she said they were at No. 12, in Carnaby-street, I forgot now what the name was, I went, but no such person lived there as she told me.
Q. Were you quite a stranger in London? - A. Yes, I never was in London before.

Q. Are you at Mr. Stafford's now? - A. Yes.
Q. Had you no friend or acquaintance in town? - A. No; before I got to town, a young man gave me a lift in a cart, and he took me to Mr. Stafford's, I did not know any thing of them before.
Q. Why did not you leave your bundle at Stafford's? - A. I was not sure of the place.


                  JOHN 
                  MASCOU
               



             sworn. - On the 25th of June, I went with the last witness to the prisoner's lodgings, the prisoner went with us from Mr. Stafford's, and in the way, I asked her where that girl's clothes were, and she said, she had sent them down by her servant-maid; I told her it was a very great falsehood, for she had not; I told her, I would not leave her till she told me the truth; she said then, if I went to No. 12, Carnaby-market, her servant was there, and there the girl would find her clothes.


                  JAMES 
                  KENNEDY
               



             sworn. - I am an officer, I went to Mimpurse's, where the prisoner did lodge, I found some duplicates of the clothes there.
JOHN-
               
                  WOOD 
                  CAFFALL
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Freer, a pawnbroker, (produces a gown, a remnant of calico, and a remnant of cotton;) I took them in on the 17th of June, from the prisoner, and a cotton shift pledged on the 18th of June, but I did not take that in. (The property was deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's defence. I was sitting in the bar drinking tea, the girl was sitting among a parcel of drunken men, they could not let her sleep there; I went out to see if I could not get a bed for her at the mangler's, and she could not sleep there; I took her home to my lodgings, she had no money, she gave me some things to take to pledge for her, to get some victuals.
Court. (To Marsh.) Q. Did you give her the things to pawn? - A. No; I gave her one petticoat, and that she never gave me the money for.
Q. How came you to give her that? - A. She said, what did I think was to become of me, with no friends in town, and no money, and advised me to let her pawn something; I gave her a petticoat to pawn, she said she did so herself, when she first came to town.
GUILTY. (Aged 26.)
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
