





635. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of August
, a box, value 1s. 6d. four shirts value 2l. 8s. two shifts, value 10s. five table-cloths, value 1l. two napkins, value 5s. fifteen aprons, value 1l. 10s. six towels, value 6s. two pair of sheets, value 3l. two pillowcases, value 5s. three half handkerchiefs, value 6s. two stocks, value 5s. five neckcloths, value 10s. a flannel petticoat, value 3s. a pair of pockets, value 1s. four pair of stockings, value 12s. and two waistcoats, value 8s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Miller
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MILLER
               



             sworn. - I live at Wandsworth, in Surry: The box was delivered into my care on the morning of Thursday, the 12th of August, at Wandsworth, and I was to deliver it to Mr. Campbell, NO. 12, Newcastle-street, in theStrand; I am answerable for it, if it should be lost; I saw the contents of it, and took it to an errandcart that goes to the same place I do; it was stole from Potter's cart; I received the box about nine o'clock in the morning.
THOMAS POTTER sworn. - I had the care of an errand-cart of my father's, and I received a box from Mr. Miller, which we took on account of Mr. Miller; I stopped the cart at the corner of Threadneedle-street


, and went into the Flowerpot public-house, in Bishopsgate-street, to call for parcels; when I came back again, I missed the box our of the cart; I looked down Threadneedle-street, and saw the prisoner carrying it on his shoulder; I jumped down, ran after him, and pulled the box off his shoulder; he ran away; I called out stop thief, and he was taken in Broad-street; I missed him about a minute or two, after he threw the box down; two gentlemen stopped him; I saw his face, and took notice of his dress; he was stopped just as I came round the corner, that is the man; he had a pepper and salt-coloured coat, with a black collar.


                  HECTOR 
                  CAMPBELL
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 12, Newcastle-street, Strand; I delivered the box to the boy on Thursday the 12th of August, about half past one, with the linen in it, just as I saw it at the Magistrate's; I don't know wo is the proprietor of the cart.
THOMAS TERRY sworn. - I am an officer, and was in Finch-lane on the 12th of August; the prisoner was given in charge to me, and I took him to the Mansion-house; he ws charged with stealing a box out of the Wandsworth errand-cart; Miller brought the box to the Mansion-house, but I did not see the contents; I have three handkerchiefs that were taken out of the box. (Produces them.)


                  THOMAS 
                  WALKER
               



             sworn. - I keep the Fleece in Threadneedle-street, and was standing at the door when Potter pulled the box from the prisoner's shoulder; then the prisoner walked a few paces forward, upon which the boy caught hold of his coat, and called out, he is a thief, he stole the box, still holding him by the coat; the prisoner then pushed the boy violently from him into the kennel, and ran off, the boy after him, leaving the box on the ground; when he got to the corner of Broad-street, I said, I would take care of the box, which I did, and in a few minutes the prisoner was brought back; I am sure he is the man.
Prisoner's defence. I am a collar-maker
; I went for harness to an inn; I met a man with the box in Threadneedle-street, who said he was going to the Excise-office, and asked me if I would give an eye to the box, for that it was going by the Islington stage; he stopping some time, I was taking it to the stage.
Potter, He gave no account of it at all; I told him he had stole the box; he said, it was no such thing; he said nothing about the Islington stage.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury before Mr. Recorder.
