





619. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     M'GOWEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 21st of February
, one box, value 10s.; one book containing thirty prints, value 20s.; one japanned case, value 2s.; forty-five pearl counters, value 7s.; twenty other pearl counters, value 3s., and eighteen other pearl counters, value 2s.6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William Peter 
                     Watts
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am proprietor of the waggon-office, at the White Horse Inn, in Friday-street. 
               
                  William 
                  Peter Watts
               



            's waggons, put up there. On the 21st of February, the waggon was engaged to load some goods at Homerton, to go to Hampshire, when it arrived in town, the waggon was left in St. Paul's Church-yard


, to bait the horses, during which time it was robbed. I went to Foster-lane, to a cook-shop, where I saw the property which I had put in the waggon myself three hours before - I am sure it was the same box.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Woodward, Great St. Thomas Apostle. On the 21st of February, about ten minutes before six o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner in St. Paul's Church-yard, carrying the box, on the east side of the road; he was making great haste, and carrying it in an awkward way; I suspected it was stolen; I followed him into Foster-lane; he then put it off his shoulder into a narrow passage; I enquired for an officer, but could not find one-as I returned towards the court, the prisoner ran away, leaving the box in the passage; he turned down George-street, which being no thoroughfare, he returned and I took him. I am sure he is the man; he said, two men gave it to him to carry; he was not far from the waggon.


                  HOWEL 
                  GODDARD
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner and box in charge; he said, a man gave it to him to carry to Lombard-street - Foster-lane would be out of his way; he then said, he was to take it to Wood-street - Foster-lane would still be out of his way; he told the magistrate, he was to take it to Aldersgate-street.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A man gave it to me to carry.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
