





988. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     TIERNEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of May
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Levesque
                        




                     
                  , one pocket-book, value 1s.; one pencil-case, value 1s.; four 1l. bank notes; one bill of exchange, for payment of and value 50l., and one warrant for payment of and value 49l. 10s. 6d., his property
            .


                  PETER 
                  LEVESQUE
               



            . I am a silk-manufacturer
, and live in Spital-square. On the 21st of May, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, I missed my pocketbook, between Somerset House and St. Dunstan's church-it contained the property stated in the indictment. I had seen it safe when I was at Somerset House.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a Bow-street constable. On the 21st of May, about half-past two o'clock, I was in the Strand, near the end of Norfolk-street


, and saw the prisoner, with two other men, busy in feeling gentlemens' pockets as they passed; I saw them surround a gentleman, whom I believe to be the prosecutor, and immediately after turn down Norfolk-street; a person who was standing by me, said, "Davis, they have done the trick." I immediately crossed the Strand, went down Norfolk-street, overtook them about a hundred yards down, and made a catch at one of them; he got out of my hand, and all three ran away. I pursued through different courts, at last the prisoner fell down, and as he fell he threw the pocket-book from him, to the left; I secured him with my right hand, and with my left picked the pocket-book up, which contained the property stated in the indictment.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a carpenter. On the 21st of May I saw the prisoner, with two others, round a gentleman, they took something from his pocket, and went down Norfolk-street; Davis pursued and took the prisoner, the other two got away. I was on the opposite side of the way.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was crossing, and saw Davis take a man. who got away; I ran after them, the man threw the pocket-book down, I stopped to pick it up, and Davis took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
