





1218. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     MOULD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of September
 five painting-brushes, value 3 s.; three shoe-brushes, value 2 s.; three broom-heads, value 6 s.; six bags, value 3 s.; 28 lbs. of salt, value 9 s.; 5 lbs. of soap, value 3 s.; three quarts of oil, value 2 s., and one bottle, value 4 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Clark
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Clark
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am an oilman
, in partnership with 
               
                  James 
                  Clark
               



            , we live in St. John-street; the prisoner lived two years and a half with us as carman
. In consequence of suspicion, I desired Thissleton to take him into custody. He said,
"My dear master, forgive me, I'll never do so any more, and will send to my friends in the country for money to recompence you." I was determined he should be brought to justice.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THISSLETON
               



            . I am an officer. I received instructions from Mr. Clark, and searched the prisoner's lodgings in Margaret-street, Cavendish-square, and found the articles stated in the indictment, and other goods. I told him I had been there and found the property. He begged to be let into the yard of the lockup-place, and wanted to go on his knees to beg his master's pardon. His master told him to be a man. He said he would send to his friends in the country for money to recompence his master for the injury done him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
