





175. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RAYSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of December
, two pigs, value 8 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Ashton
                  




               
            .


                  MATTHEW 
                  ASHTON
               



            . I am a cow-keeper
, Bagnigge Wells


.
Q. Had you any pigs in your field on the 8th of December - A. Yes, in the Spa-field, facing the chapel; there were three of them; one of them came home rather sooner than the others did. I missed two of the sows. On that evening we made every enquiry we could, and heard nothing of them. On Monday an officer of Worship-street called at our house and gave some information; my man went to the Basing House. One was a fine sow-pig, ten weeks in the pig, the other was a young one; I saw the carcases in Worship-street, I am very certain they were my pigs. One was a black and white sow, and after they had been scalded the black marks still remained.
- ADAMS. I am a servant to Mr. Ashton.
Q. Did you know these pigs were your master's - A. I had every reason to believe they were them. I knew them by the head, and by the feet; thefore-feet were not scalded, they were white feet, and a black mark down the back, it was just the same after they were scalded. I knew the breeding and the rearing of them. I missed them on the 8th of December. I had seen them on that day, between ten and eleven o'clock. These were three pigs in the field, one of them came home about twelve o'clock and seemed terrified.
Q. Did you go to the Basing-house to Mr. Kelly's. - A. Yes, and there I saw the pigs that my master had lost. I have no doubt at all about it.


                  CALEB 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am an Ostler at the Basing-house, Kingsland Road.
Q. Do you know Kelley. - A. Yes, he has a slaughter-house in the Basing Yard, he rents it of my master, he is a carcase and retail butcher.
Q. Do you remember being in the Basing-house on Saturday the 18th of December. - A. Yes, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon I saw two pigs driven into our Yard by the prisoner, I knew him. I had seen him two or three times before along with Kelly.
Q. What sort of pigs were they. - A. A small white sow, it might weigh ten or eleven stone, the other was a black sow with a white mark across it's shoulder, they were drove into Mr. Kelly's stable by the prisoner, I went into the stable by my master's desire in the afternoon, when I saw 
               
                  David 
                  Kelly
               



             and Dexton the butcher killing them. They had killed the little sow when I went, and were scalding of it. I went and told my master, he told me to go down again. I saw Dexton and Mr. Kelly killing the black sow with the white mark. Kelly knocked it down. On Sunday afternoon Mr. Armstrong sent for me to come to his house. On Monday Mr. Bishop and I went to Mr. Ashton's house, to enquire if he had lost any pigs. He described what pigs he had lost, and the description answered to what I saw. The Butcher 
               Dexton
             was taken to Worship Street Office, and the pigs likewise. Mr. Ashton and his man came and spoke to his property.
Q. You saw the pigs after they were taken to the office. - A. I did.
Q. Was the black and white mark visible then. - A. Yes, there was the white mark on the shoulder, and black all over. It was the same.
Q. Has Kelly left your yard. - A. I do not know, I never saw him after that day.


                  JOHN 
                  DEXTER
               



            . I am a butcher, I live in Edward's Place, Kingsland Road.
Q. That is not far from the Basing-house, you know Mr. Kelly. - A. Yes, he has not been there since the Monday.
Q. Do you know the prisoner. - A. Yes, I saw him on the 8th of December, I was along with old Mr. Kelly. They sent for me to kill two pigs.
Q. About what time on the 8th of December did you see the prisoner. - A. About four o'clock in the afternoon I was going home, Mr. Kelly's wife came after me to go into the shop; there I saw young Kelly and the prisoner. When I got into the shop the prisoner asked me to kill a couple of pigs for him that night, he would pay me any thing. I told him I would charge him five shillings and something to drink I saw the prisoner go down the yard and drive them into the slaughter-house. Kelly knocked them down, and I stuck them. They were killed and drest, one was a large black and white sow, the other was a white sow. I took their heads off, and cleaved them down. I left the heads and every thing else in the slaughter-house.
Q. After these pigs were scalded, did the black and white marks remain. - A. It did upon that sows back. I will be upon my oath it was the same sow.


                  DANIEL 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I am an officer, I brought the pigs from the slaughter-house in company with Kelly's man.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I am an officer, I apprehended the prisoner on Tuesday the 11th of December, on Saffron Hill. I told him what I apprehended him for, he said he knew nothing about it.
Q. What is become of Mr. Kelly. - A. He has not been seen in that neighbourhood, or else I should have taken him.
Q. to Dexter. What were the value of these pigs. - A. They were worth more than 6 l. dead, they were worth more alive.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witnesses to character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25,




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
