





857. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  CARDWELL
               




             was indicted for 


               obtaining goods under false pretences
             from 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Addison
               




            .
MR. THOMAS ADDISON. I am a linen-draper
, and reside in Ludgate-street. On the 11th of April my shop-man delivered me a note (purporting to be an order from Mr. F. James, of Chesunt, who had formerly lived in Newgate-street, and had been a customer of mine), requesting me to send goods to the value of 7l. 4s. 8d. to him; I saw the prisoner about two hours after - I had then sent the goods to Mr. Treacher's in Paternoster-row, as the note directed, and they had been returned. The prisoner said he was surprised the goods had not been sent to Mr. Treacher's for Mr. James. I told him Mr. Treacher did not know Mr. James, and therefore they were returned. I told him I would not send them unless I had satifactory references that Mr. James sent the note. He mentioned several houses, and among others Messrs. Howell and Caesar, whom I knew. I told him to call at two o'clock, and if I found all was right he should have them; he said he would call before two, as he was going down by the coach, and could take them himself, as they would be too late for the carrier. He called about two o'clock, I went to inquire, and gave him the goods; I should not have let him had them if Messrs. Howell and Caesar had not thought it was a proper note from Mr. James. He represented himself as having them for Mr. James, and I thought it was Mr. James's hand-writing. On the 30th of April I saw him again, and had him apprehended. He said he had pledged the goods and sold the duplicate.
THOMAS WOODS. I am shopman to Mr. Addison. On the 11th of April the prisoner delivered the note to me. I took the goods to Mr. Treacher's and brought them back again. I saw the prisoner take the goods away with him.


                  FRANCIS 
                  JAMES
               



            . I live at Chesunt; the prisoner formerly lived servant with me, when I lived in Newgate-street. I did not write the note - I believe it is the prisoner's hand-writing. The goods never came into my possession.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in great distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
