





759. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April
, one handkerchief, value 2 s., from the person of a 
                     man


                   whose name is unknown
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am a potatoe salesman in Covent-garden


. On the 17th of April, at half-past eleven o'clock at night, I was taking my scales and weights to the public-house, and saw the prisoner and another young man rush out of the door as I went in; as I returned to Covent-garden I saw them again about twenty yards from the door, the prisoner took a handkerchief from a gentleman's pocket, turned back again, and went into the public-house - I followed him, and stood by the door; he came out again with the same young man - they went up the street, and both stood against a railing in the street. I passed them, three gentlemen and a lady came by, returning from the Theatre, they both followed them, and I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief from the gentleman's pocket - it was a blue and white one. I pointed him out to the watchman. I am certain he is the man.
Q. Why did you not stop the gentleman, and tell him - A. Because I was once robbed myself, and when I took the man I was surrounded by a gang of about twenty, and got almost killed.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUMPHRIES
               



            . On the 17th of April I was with Bond under the Piazza, and met a watchman, who pointed the prisoner out to me in a public-house, I beckoned him out, searched him, and found a blue and white handkerchief in his hat; he said he had had it almost a fortnight - it smelt very strong of perfume; he said it was not marked, but it was. Bond found another handkerchief on him.
WILLIAM BOND. I searched the prisoner, and found a handkerchief in his side-pocket; he said it was not marked, but it was.
Prisoner's Defence. They are both my own.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
