





564. 
               
                  
                     FRANCISCO 
                     PERARI
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of June
, two watches, value 4 l. a jacket, value 7 s. a pair of trowsers, value 2 s. a shirt, value 2 s. three pair of stockings, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Francisco
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  THEODOSIA 
                  FRANCISCO
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Francisco
               



            . We live in Butcher-row, East-smithfield


, No. 5, in St. Botolph, Aldgate. He is a slop-seller
 and lodging-house keeper
. He keeps the house. On the 14th of May the prisoner came to my house.
Q. You lodge foreign sailors - A. Yes; and till the 14th of June, during which time we hired him as cook
. On the 14th of June, I saw a pair of stockings, on his legs, that did not appear to be his own. I called him into the parlour. I asked him to let me look at them. I asked him, how he came by them. He said, that I gave them to him. I desired him to pull the tops down. I told him, that they were mine, and that they were new. I said, well, cook, if I gave you the stockings, they were given in a mistake; at the same time I saw a waistcoat on him, of my husband's, return them me at night. I was afraid of making an alarm (it being Sunday) among the foreigners. He said, very well, mistress: with that he went out. After he went out, I was very uneasy, recollecting I had lost two silver snuffboxes within the time that he had been in the house. I said, to a person in the house, I suspect this black man is a thief; and, as soon as the house was shut up, I would search his things. He had the key of his bed-room in his possession. The door of his bed-room was locked. The child searched and found the key on the top shelf, among the saucepans, in the kitchen, hid away. I went up stairs and opened the door, and I saw some small things, belonging to me, on the bed.
Q. What did you find - A. A shirt, and a pair of blue nankeen trowsers. I opened his box, and the first thing I found was a paper of new stockings belonging to my shop, two new shirts, jackets and trowsers, and fourteen white handkerchiefs. I was so much frightened, that I locked the door and came down stairs, and kept the key in my pocket. It being church-time I did not know how to act. I told one sailor, in the house, the affair; that, as soon as the black man came in I must have him taken. He came in at tea-time, and said, mistress, I have been on board my ship, and I am going on board tomorrow morning; and, at the same time he was talking to me, I saw a shirt on his back that I had in my hand at eleven o'clock on Saturday night. At that time I had not power to apprehend him, having only one sailor in the house. He went out, saying, he should be in soon to give the people their suppers. I said, very well. He came in after supper was over, rather in liquor. I called him in the parlour. My husband was sitting there. I desired my husband to go for the officer. The officer came, and I identified the property on his back.
Q. What you identified on his back was the shirt, waistcoat, and stockings - A. Yes. I called him, with some others, up stairs. On entering the room with the officer, the officer took the things, and took the prisoner to the watchhouse.


                  JOHN 
                  TURNBRIDGE
               



            . I am an officer. I was fetched from the watchhouse by Mr. Francisco. I went to his house, and when I came there Mrs. Francisco informed me, that she had been robbed of these things. I went up stairs with her. These things were laying on the bed. Mrs. Francisco said, they were her's. I tied them up, went down, and took the prisoner in custody. I searched him, and found a pocket-book with four duplicates; one for a watch pawned for a pound; another, a watch, twenty-seven shillings; another for things pawned at Mr. Morris's, for twelve shillings; the fourth was for a blanket: she did not own that.


                  OBADIAH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, 163, Ratcliffe-highway. The prisoner pawned with me a silver watch for one-pound seven shillings, on the 11th of June.


                  JAMES 
                  ROBERT CASSELL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, 34, Shadwell. On the 29th of May, a black man pawned with me a watch for a pound. I think it was a taller man than the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  HILL
               



            . I produce a jacket, trowsers, shirt, and three pair of stockings, and a pair of stockings. I took them in pawn of the prisoner on the 4th of June, for twelve shillings.
Prisoner's Defence. I do not know what to say in my defence. I am a stranger here.




               GUILTY
            , aged 28,
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
