





274. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SIMMONS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Wilson
                        



                     
                  , about eleven o'clock in the forenoon of the 13th of December
 (certain persons being therein), and stealing therein one gown, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Walling
                  



               
            .


                  LUCIA 
                  WALLING
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Walling
               



            , who is a labourer
, and lives at Homerton


. Robert Wilson lodges with us. On the 13th of December I was at work; a little before nine o'clock my husband came home, and found the windows broken. I searched my drawers, and missed the gown. I suspected the prisoner, who lived in the neighbourhood; we went to look for him several nights, and gave information to the patrol to stop him.
WILLIAM FULLBROOK. I am a patrol. On the 18th of December Walling told me to look for the prisoner - A little before twelve o'clock that night I saw him go up a turning - I crossed over, he turned back, and made away from me - I took hold of him, and asked him what he did about the streets at that time? he made no answer - I asked him if his name was not Simmons? he said, yes - I charged him with getting into Mrs. Walling's room, and taking her gown; he said he did do it, and that he had pledged it for 5s. at Shoreditch - He gave me the duplicate.


                  GEORGE 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Shoreditch. On the 13th of December the gown was pledged with me for 5s.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 14.
Of 


               Stealing, but not of breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
