





453. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     PINK
                  , alias 
SIMPSON





            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st. of January
, six yards of bombazeen, value 1l. 4s., and five pair of stockings, value 10s.
            , the property of 
               
                  George 
                  Padmore
               




            .


                  GEORGE 
                  PADMORE
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, and live in Fan-street, Manchester-square


. On the 31st of January, I missed the bombazeen, and accused the prisoner of it - She was my servant
. I got a search-warrant, and found a quantity of duplicates on her, one of which relate to the two pair of stockings. She then said, she hoped I was satisfied; that she had not got the bombazeen. I told her not to deny it, immediately after that, she said, if I would let her go out, she would get it. She went out; we followed her to Barker's the pawnbroker, and then to her sister's, where we found a quantity of duplicates; she then took us to Neat's in Duke-street, where we found the bombazeen, and three pair of stockings; she said, that was all she had taken.
SAMUEL PLANK. I am an officer. I was present when the prosecutor charged the prisoner with the robbery - She denied it. I found two duplicates on her, of the stockings; I accompanied her, and the prosecutor, to Neat's, where we found six yards of bombazeen, and three pair of stockings.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CASLAKE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two pair of stockings, that were pledged, on the 9th of October, by a person whom I do not know; the duplicate found on the prisoner is mine.


                  JOHN 
                  NEATE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Duke-street. I have six yards of bombazeen, and three pair of stockings, which were pledged with me, in the name of Ann Simpson, 14, Manchester-street.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I only took what has been produced. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
