





269. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MILLS
                  




               
             was indicted, for that 


               he, on the 3rd of September
, was servant
 to 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Puryer
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Umney
                        



                     
                  , and was employed and entrusted to receive money for them, and being such servant, so employed and entrusted, did receive and take into his possession the sum of 1 l. 1 s. 3 d. on account of his employers, and afterwards did embezzle, secrete, and steal the same
            .


                  SARAH 
                  PURYER
               



            . I am a mat-maker

; I live in Wilkes-street, Spitalfields


. My partner's name is William Umney. The prisoner was our porter. On the 3rd of September, he took some goods to Mr. Hewitt, of Leadenhall-market, with a bill and receipt. When he returned, he said ma'am, here is the receipt; Mr. Hewitt was very busy, and could not pay it. He desired me to call again in a day or two. I said, very well. In the course of a fortnight or three weeks. I desired him to call, for fear Mr. Hewitt should forget it. When he returned, he said, he was gone out of town; he could not have it until he returned. I then began to think that all was not quite right. I went to Mr. Hewitt's the next day; I said, I think you owe me a small bill for baskets. He said, no, I do not; I paid your porter. Mr. Hewitt shewed me the bill and receipt, and gave me leave to take it away. This is the bill and receipt; I received of Mr. Hewitt. It is for one pound one shilling and three-pence.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEWITT
               



            . This is the bill the man gave me that delivered the goods, dated 3d of September, 1812. He was not paid at the time. He was paid the next day, or the day following, one pound one shilling and three pence. 
               Received, J.
             Mills.
Q. to Mrs. Puryer. Did you ever receive that money - A. No, I did not.
Q. Whose hand-writing is the name of Mills on the receipt - A. The prisoner's hand-writing.
Q. Now, Mr. Umney, look at that receipt, whose writing is that - A. I have every reason to believe it is the prisoner's. I never received the money. I was upon a journey at the time, in the country.


                  JOHN 
                  KENNEDY
               



            . I am an officer. When I took the prisoner in custody, I told him the charge that I had against him. He told me that he had received the money, but had lost it in the way to his master's house, and on the day he was committed he wished to speak a few words to the magistrate. He then said that he had paid the money to Mr. Umney. Mr. Umney was called. He was asked if he had received that money. He said, no, there was a man called, but he would not receive the money. The magistrate desired me to go to Mr. Umney's house and take possession of the money. It was two pounds odd that was left for the discharge of the prisoner's debt.
Prisoner's Defence. I received the money of Mr. Hewitt. I lost it at Billingsgate. I was fearful of telling of it. I thought I should be able to pay it by my industry, but was prevented. I offered to pay it at five shillings a week. About eight days after that I was taken in custody. My brother went to the prosecutor's, and offered to give security. This was refused. The prosecutors said, the money must be paid. My brother borrowed the money, and went to the prosecutors. They informed him all was settled. The officer went to the prosecutors, and took the money that was paid by my brother, and I was fully committed for trial.
Q. to prosecutrix. How long from the time that he received this money was it that you saw Mr. Hewitt - A. I believe, the first week in November.
Q. Therefore from September to November you never heard anything from him that he had lost it - A. Not a word of it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
