






966. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PAYNE
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 23d of May
, one shirt, value 2s.; two neckcloths, value 3s.; one pair of stockings, value 1s.; one towel, value 2d., and one basket, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Wilson
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Wilson
               



            , and am a laundress. On the 23d of May I lost the articles stated in the indictment.


                  CHARLES 
                  DORANS
               



            . I am a butcher. About half-past eleven o'clock in the morning I was going to Mr. Belford's - I turned my cart by the side of Mr. Belford's cart, which was at his door. I went to the tail-board, and saw the prisoner come out of Seymour-place


 with another man. He asked me where I was going? I told him I was going to Mr. Belford's with some meat. While he was talking to me the other man walked by the area, and kept looking down. The gardener came up the area, and went down again. The prisoner immediately left me, and went to see if the area-gate was fast, or not - He said all was right. He asked the other man to take the things out of the cart, which he refused. He said, "D-n you, you must not leave every thing." He asked him, if he took it out, whether he would run away with it? he said, Yes. The prisoner immediately reached over the head of the cart, took the basket out, and gave it to the other man, who ran up South Audley-street with it. I immediately ran down and told the butler. I am positive the prisoner is the man.


                  HENRY 
                  BUSBY
               



            . I am the gardener. The cart came from the country-house with the things. The basket was safe when I went down the area-when I returned I missed it.


                  EDWARD 
                  TUCKER
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner. I found nothing on him. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
