





987. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  PRIEST
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of October
, twenty-six pound weight of lead, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Smith
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Pepper
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  PEPPER
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  John 
                  Smith
               



            ; I live at Old Ford


. On the 21st of October, having some plumbers and carpenters work to do, we engaged several men to do the same three days. After the plumbers had worked, I found a piece of lead secreted in a shed, under some bits of wood bent half round, apparently to fit the body, with a nail projecting at about half an inch from the centre. Having a suspicion that it was intended to be taken away, I took the earliest opportunity of marking it I marked it before dinner-time. In the afternoon I made my observations of the different men, and my suspicion fell on the prisoner. When they left work at night, I ascertained the lead was gone.I disguised myself in my great coat. I followed the workman to Bow, thinking to detect the receiver; but being foiled in that, I immediately seized the prisoner with the lead on him. I found it secreted under his waistcoat or jacket, in the front of him, with the nail projecting, as I supposed, for the nail to catch the waistband of his breeches, with a loop to his shoulders. This is the lead, with my mark upon it. It is mine and my partners property. The prisoner is a plumber.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
