






689. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BUZAR
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Kenney
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of five in the morning, on the 5th of August

, 
                     
                        George 
                        Kenney
                     



                   being therein, and stealing two sheets, value 12 s. two shirts, value 6 s. a gown, value 6 s. and two handkerchiefs, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Kenney
               



            . And 
               
                  SARAH BILLINGS


               
            , for 


               feloniously receiving, on the same day, two sheets, value 12 s. and a gown, value 6 s. she knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  JOHN 
                  KENNEY
               



            . I rent a room on the ground floor, at three shillings a week. There are three different families live in the house. 
               
                  John 
                  Bacon
               



             is my landlord. He does not live in the house. On the 5th of August last I went out about twenty minutes after five in the morning. I left my son in the room. He is not here. He is sick a-bed. On my going out I saw the prisoner, Buzar, I asked him, what o'clock it was; he said, twenty minutes after five. It was quite light then. I returned home about nine the same morning. I lost two sheets, two shirts, an handkerchief, an apron, and a gown; some were in a basket and some were in a box. I had seen them all before I went out in the morning. The property is here but the gown. I know they are my property.
ZACHARY GRUB. I am a flax-man. About five o'clock on the 5th of August, in the morning, this man came in, after being out all night.
Q. Who came in - A. Buzar, the prisoner. He lodged with me in my house.
Q. Did he bring any thing with him - A. Not that time. Afterwards he came down, and asked me to lend him three halfpence. In about a quarter of an hour afterwards he came in with a bag, and had the three halfpence. He went out of my house with a bag. He returned very shortly, and went up stairs. I said, is that you, John. He replied, yes, softly. I went out to the bottom of the court to get a dram for me and my wife. I met him at the bottom of the court. He said, I have been into your room to borrow a halfpenny. He said, make it up sixpence. I lent him the fourpence halfpenny. He did not return until between four and five in the afternoon. He said, take the key of my door. There was an alarm that Mrs. Kenney had been robbed. I went in his room, and found two handkerchiefs and an apron. Mrs. Kenney owned the handkerchiefs and apron directly. The prisoner told me to go to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Billings
               



            's house, and there was the other property. Mr. Brown, the officer, and I went, and asked 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Billings
               



             for it. She denied having the property. Brown looked about the shop. He could not find it. I found the property down the privy. I took them up out of the night soil, very dirty indeed: one sheet and two shirts. The other sheet I found in the shed, wet. Mrs. Billings said, she would sooner transport her husband than herself.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. I received two handkerchiefs of the witness, Grub, and an apron. I got the other at Mrs. Billings's, with Grub.
Q. Do you know whether Mrs. Billings is a married woman or not - A. I know she has had several husbands. She keeps a clothes-shop. I never saw any husband transact business. I did not know that she had one until now.
Mr. Knapp. Have not you been after her husband, and has he not run away - A. No. He is in court now I believe. She carries on the business. The man knows nothing about it, that you may be satisfied of.
Buzar's Defence. I went out in the evening. I do night-work, and when I came house in the evening I found my door unlocked. In the morning I took my empty bag home. I met Mr. Grub, and borrowed sixpence of him.
Billings's Defence. I bought two coloured shirts and a sheet of the prisoner. I gave him ten shillings for them, what he asked me.
Prosecutrix. I have pawned the sheets for ten shillings. The whole of the property produced is mine.
BUZAR, GUILTY, aged 43.
Of 


               stealing, but not breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BILLINGS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 59.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
