





692. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     FILCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of August
, a bag, value 6 d. and twenty eight pound weight of tea, value 9 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Wood
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I live with Mr. Wood, a grocer
 in Hackney-road. On the 21st of August, I went to fetch twenty eight pound of tea from Mr. Jeroms, in the Poultry, for my master; I took it on my shoulder and carried it as far as Bishopgate-street, there a young man accosted me; he asked me what I had got in the bag, and where I was going; he left me at Sun-street. I carried the tea further on, he came up to me again, then he asked me whether I would have any beer, there was a cart coming on, he desired me to put it in the cart, it would be a rest for me; he took it off my shoulder and put it in, that was in Norton Falgate; we walked on as far as the Black Dog, in Shoreditch; he stopped at the public house and gave me some beer, he wanted me to go in the Black Dog, I would not go in, the cart went on. While I was standing at the Black Dog, I saw the cart stop at Mr. Wests, the grocer, in Shoreditch


, I saw the prisoner take it out and put it on his shoulder.
Q. Had you ever seen him before - A. No. I was about twenty yards off, I ran after him, crying out, stop thief, directly I saw him take it out. He went down Swan-yard, I ran after him; a gentlemen stopped him with the bag on his shoulder in Webb-square. He was out of my sight, it was five minutes before I came up to him, he had the bag on his shoulder, Mr. Stamfordtook him in custody; I asked him what he was going to do with it; he said, he was going to take it home for me. The road that he was going was quite the contrary road. Mr. Wood's name was upon the paper bag.
Q. Are you sure the person that was stopped in Webb-square, was the same person that you saw take it out of the cart - A. Yes.


                  PETER 
                  CREMER
               



            . I live in Bailey's-court, Webb-square. On the 21st of August I saw the prisoner coming down Webb-square, coming out of Shoreditch, he was walking very fast, he had a bag under his arm; Collins came up to me, and asked me whether I had seen a man go past; I told Collins which way he was gone. Mr. Gilbert took him in custody, and they sent for an officer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GILBERT
               



            . I am a taylor. I saw the prisoner, on the 21st of August, in Anchor street, he had a large parcel on his shoulder, walking very fast; I heard the cry of stop thief, he was out of sight, I run, he went up Club-row, there I stopped him; the boy came up and said it was his parcel, he had robbed him of it. He told me that he was going to take it home for the boy; I asked him where the boy lived; he said, in Shoreditch. He was going from Shoreditch.


                  EDWARD 
                  STAMFORD
               



            . I was coming by just at the moment it happened, I took the prisoner into custody, I took the bag, I have had it ever since.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, called three witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
