





815. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  M'DERMOT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of May
, 41 lbs. of lead, value 8 s. 6 d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Goding
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain building of his
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  GODING
               



            . I have some unfinished houses in Chapel-street, Westminster - I live two doors from them. On the 3d of May, in the afternoon I went to one of the houses, a person came out of the door, get over the wall, and run into Dean-street; he ran as hard as he could, and held his pockets up - he was secured.



                  WILLIAM 
                  HITCHCOCK
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Goding. I went on the roof of the house, found some lead torn off, and two large pieces laying on the rafters ready to be carried away.


                  BRYAN 
                  NEAL
               



            . I heard the alarm, and saw the prisoner running along Dean-street - I secured him in Paris-place. He threw some lead out of his pocket on the dung-hill.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  RICHARD 
                  JONES
               



            . I saw the prisoner running - he threw the lead away.


                  JOHN 
                  BLUE
               



            . I am a plumber. I had laid the gutters down only a week before; I compared the lead with the roof, and it fitted exactly. It weighs 41 lbs.
Prisoner's Defence. I went there to look for work, and picked the lead up in the house; I saw nobody there, and left.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
