





433. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     WALLACE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3rd of March
, a bonnet, value 4 s. and a feather, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Franks
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  LOCKEY
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  George 
                  Franks
               



            , he is a hatter
, at the corner of Red-cross-street


; on Friday the 3rd of March between five and six in the evening, the prisoner with another woman came into the shop, and asked to look at a drab hat, at about seven shillings, for a boy; I was then attending another woman in the shop, and a hat which I was going to try on a boy's head, when I turned round to put it on the boy's head, the two women went out of the shop, without saying anything; I immediately missed a beaver bonnet and feather from the window; I immediately went in pursuit of the women, and overtook them about half a dozen houses down the street, I caught hold of the prisoner by the shoulder, I informed her she must go back with me, she immediately dropped the bonnet and feather from under her clothes, where she had it concealed; I stooped and picked it up with my right hand from between her feet, as I held her with my left hand; I then took her back and gave her in charge of an officer; the other woman made off.


                  BARTHOLOMEW 
                  WOOD
               



            . I produce the bonnet; I took charge of the prisoner and the bonnet; I have had the bonnet ever since.
LOCKEY. The bonnet is my master's property, and the feather. I know the bonnet by the private mark.
Prisoner's Defence. I was a little intoxicated, a woman asked me to go into the shop with her, she asked to buy a boy's hat.
GUILTY, aged 27.




               Of stealing, to the value of 4 s. 9 d. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
