





1153. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SADLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously having in his custody and possession, one forged and counterfeit bank note, he knowing it to be forged, against the statute
            .
THOMAS DINHAM. I live with my father who is a shoemaker, and lives in Dean-street, Westminster. On the 10th of July, about three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner bought a pair of shoes of me, which came to 4s., he paid me a 1l. note. I asked his name and address, he said"
               
                  William 
                  Sadler
               



            , at Smith's, St. George's-row, Chelsea;" which I wrote on the note in his presence. I gave him the change, and he left (looks at the note), this is the note.
GEORGE CROSBY. I work for an army-accoutrement maker, at Westminster. On the 20th of July I agreed to sell the prisoner an old coat for 7s. - he gave me 3s. as earnest; I knew him before by sight; he did not pay for it for two or three days. I asked him when he meant to fetch it away? He called at my lodgings a few days after, gave me a 1l. bank note, and told me to take the price of my coat out of it; he asked me to get it changed. I went to a publican, whom I knew, he said it was forged. I took it back to the prisoner, who remained at my lodgings. I called him at the door, but he did not come down; I went up, gave the note to him, and said, "How came you to send me with a bad note?" He said he did not know that it was bad, having just taken it of a Jew, and that a person was present who saw him take it. An officer came in, and took the note out of his hand.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not tell the officer that you knew there was an officer following you - A. I said I thought so, and called the prisoner to the door to give him the note before the officer - He followed me from the public-house.


                  JOHN 
                  SILVESTER
               



            . I am a constable. On the 20th of July, I was at a public-house, in Tothil-street, Westminster; Crosby came and offered a note in payment for a glass of gin. Jones returned it to him, he went out with it - I and Betts followed him to his house, in New Pye-street - Betts was before me. I saw Betts take the note out of the prisoner's hand; we both marked it, this is it (looking at it).


                  HENRY 
                  BETTS
               



            . I was with Silvester. When Crosby got to the door he called somebody, no person came. He went up, I followed, and heard him say it was a bad one; I found the prisoner in the room, and took the note out of his hand. I took both of them into custody. I went to No. 10, St. George's-place, St. George's-row, Chelsea; but could find nobody of the name of Smith there.


                  CHARLES 
                  CHRISTMAS
               



            . I am a bank note inspector. The notes are both forged in every respect; both are off the same plate, paper, date and hand-writing, and purport to be signed by Tabor.


                  CHARLES 
                  TABOR
               



            . I am a signing clerk at the Bank. Neither of the notes are signed by me.
Prisoner's Defence. I took the note of a Jew that I gave to Crosby; the other I took of a man for a pair of shoes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
