





841. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of October
, seven pounds weight of pewter, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Joseph
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  STANIFORD
               



            . I am a journeyman pewterer, work for Mr. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Joseph
               



            , Little New-street


. On the 25th of October I was below in the casting shop, I was told that the prisoner had been there; he had no business there; I observed this piece of pewter had been moved out of its place, it was stood up and covered with straw and ends of rushes. As I had suspicion of the prisoner I watched, and saw the prisoner come at five o'clock in the evening, he took that same piece of metal, placed it under his apron, and went out of the shop. I followed him across the yard, through the front shop, to the street door, he got into the street; I then called him back, I accused him of having the property about him; he denied it two or three times, and said, that I might search him. I told him I would not search him, I was confident that he had got it, and told him to pull it out; he said he had got a small bit, and pulled it out from under his apron, I took it from him, and gave it to one of my shopmates. I sent for my master, I told him what I had done, and what he had done.


                  THOMAS 
                  ASHLEY
               



            . I am a journeyman pewterer. Staniford called me down on the 25th of October, about five o'clock in the evening, Staniford told the prisoner he had taken some metal; the prisoner denied it. He took his apron of oneside, and in his waistcoat and waistband of his breeches, this piece of metal was lodged; he pulled the metal out, and gave it to Staniford; I received it of Staniford. He begged for mercy, and said it was the first time.
Staniford. This is the piece of metal I saw him take out of the shop, it is my master's property.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, nor called any witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
