





535. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WOODHOUSE
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of March
, a pair of breeches, value 10 s. and two jackets. value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Pickford
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Pickford
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Pickford
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Pickford
                  



               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  MAY
               



            . I am a gentleman's servant, I live near Coggerton. On the 16th of March I packed up my trunk, I put two jackets and a pair of breeches in it; I sent them by the boat to London, to be forwarded to Lanting, in Cheshire; they were to go by the Grand Junction Canal, the trunk was directed to Messrs. Pickfords Paddington wharf; I have since seen my trunk; I missed two jackets and a pair of breeches; I saw the things since at Marlborough street office.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LOADER
               



            . I am in the service of Messrs. Pickfords; I am the Captain of two boats; the Britannia and the Samuel; Woodhouse' and Cock navigated the Britannia; I saw May's trunk put on board all safe and corded, and when the two boats arrived at Padington together, Cock and Woodhouse absconded; that gave me suspicion; I examined the cargo, to see that all was right; I examined May's trunk and found it was broken open; in the bed where the prisoner slept, I found this bundle two Gurnsey jackets and a pair of breeches.
Q. That does not relate to this charge - A. I saw a pair of breeches found upon the prisoner's person on Tuesday when he was taken the breeches was taken from him.



                  JOHN 
                  GIBBINS
               



            . I am a servant to Messrs. Pickfords, at the time of unloading the boat, I saw May's box it appeared as if the box had been broken open.


                  SAMUEL 
                  COCK
               



            . I navigated the Britannia with Woodhouse, in our passage up I saw Woodhouse open May's box, with a key of a cupboard; he took out a pair of breeches and two jackets, he said he should take the breeches to a taylor to put buttons on the knee; I was taken up, and come now from the House of Correction.


                  ROBERT 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a taylor, 107, Marybone lane, On the 20th of March, the prisoner Woodhouse brought me these breeches and jacket; I put eight pearl buttons on the knees of these breeches by his order; he took the breeches away, and said, he would call for the jacket the next day.
GEORGE HARRISON. I am a constable, I apprehended the prisoner; I took these breeches from his person, and this jacket Mr. Hall gave me.
Prosecutor. The breeches and the jacket are my property.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
