





449. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MYERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Botly
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of twelve at night on the 30th of April
, and stealing therein a feather-bed, value 5 l. and a looking-glass, value 14 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Susannah 
                     Hopkins
                  



               
            , widow
.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  HOPKINS
               



            . I am a widow; I live at Mr. Botly's, No. 10, Bayswater-court, St. James's parish


. On the 1st of May I came home in the morning about two o'clock; I found my door wide open.
Q. What time did you leave the house - A. On the 30th of April at noon. When I went into my room the bed was taken away, and the looking-glass.
Q. Can you tell me whether you traced how it was done - A. I found the door had been forced with two large pieces of iron.
Q. When it happened you cannot tell, because you were not there. - A. No.
Prisoner. Was not I in company with you all the evening - A. Yes, you was in and out of the public-house where I was. You came in between eleven and twelve; I did not see you after twelve. I staid till near two o'clock in the morning. I had no discourse with you during that evening.
COURT. Were you acquainted with him - A. Yes, he lived in Husband-street.
FRANCIS HOPKINS Q. Do you know Mrs. Hopkins's house - A. Yes. On the last day of April I was at the Lord Nelson public house, the prisoner was in and out of the public house till between eleven and twelve, that was the last I saw of him there. I went home with Mrs. Hopkins.
Q. Then you do not no whether the house was broken open in the day or the contrary - A. No.
Q. In what state did you find the door - A. I went up stairs and found the door wide open. Mrs. Hopkins had only part of the house; it was let to different persons.
Q. Did you examine to see whether the door had been forced - A. I struck a light. I saw the bed and the looking glass were gone. When I left the house with her about twelve o'clock in the day, I saw her look the door, the looking glass and the bed were there then.
Q. And it was gone when you went home - A. Yes, and in pulling the clothes on the bedstead I found two iron bars, and on my looking at the door I saw it had been forced open by these irons, then I had a strong suspicion of the prisoner.
THOMAS NEWBERRY. I am a constable, I apprehended the prisoner about eleven o'clock at night, on the first of May, at the Lord Nelson public house; he said Hopkins was concerned with him, I then put him in the watchhouse. In the morning he said, he was not the man that took the bed away, it was Williams and Harding, they took the bed to Wildings, in Green-court, they had thirty shillings upon it. When he came to the office the magistrate sent two officer's to fetch Wilding, he was not to be found. On Wednesday I searched Wilding's premises, the bed was never found.


                  JOHN 
                  CRAIG
               



            . I am an officer. In the way to the watchhouse the prisoner was left at my house, his father and his friend were with him, he did not scruple of telling me, that the bed and the looking glass were sold at Mr. Wilding's for thirty shillings.

Q. to Prosecutrix. What is the value of your bed - A. Five pound, and the looking glass fourteen shillings.
Prisoner's Defence. I had no conversation of the kind at Mr. Craig's house. I was in company all that night with the woman, till between the hours of one and two. When she asked me to go with her to the Pantheon. I told her I was going home to bed. I worked all the next day. Mr. Newbury came in the public house at night, and said. I was his prisoner, he took me to the watchhouse. In the morning he brought me a pint of purl and a quartern of liquor mixed with it; he said he would be my friend. I have been in the habit of cohabiting with the woman for a twelvemonth. It is a piece of spite, Newberry had a warrant against me for cutting his head.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY, aged 18.
Of 


               Stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
