






133. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     LEE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     STANLEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of November
, one handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        William Barnard 
                        Wheeler
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARNARD WHEELER
               



            . I am a warehouseman
. On the 11th of November, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I was in the Strand


, near the Adelphi, with a gentleman, Thompson, the officer, called to me to stop. I found the prisoners in his custody, and my handkerchief.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am an officer. I was in the Strand, about seven o'clock in the evening, and saw the prisoners attempt the pockets of several persons. Theprosecutor, and his friend, came by, I saw Lee take particular notice of him - He followed them, and with the back of his hand felt his pockets - He immediately returned to Stanley, and said, "Come on." After attempting three or four times to get the handkerchief, I saw him take it out-Stanley was covering him - I seized them both. The handkerchief laid on the ground-the prosecutor claimed it immediately.
JAMES FISHER. I was with Thompson. I saw the prisoners attempt several pockets.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
LEE'S Defence. I stopped to hear a song, and they took me; I never touched the handkerchief.
STANLEY'S Defence. I stopped to hear the song, and they took me.
LEE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
STANLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
