





822. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of October
, nineteen handkerchiefs, value 6 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Harris
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JAMES 
                  AMIES
               



             I am shopman to John Harris, No 1 Pickett Street, Temple Bar, St. Clements


. On the 7th of October the prisoner 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smith
               



             came in the shop about eleven o'clock in the morning she asked to look at some silk handkerchiefs, I shewed her some, she bought one at eight shillings and paid for it.
Q. Did any body come in with her. - A A child that she brought with her At the time that she was in the shop, from her manner, I suspected her than she had stolen something. In shewing her various patterns I missed a piece of handkerchiefs, the next witness 
               
                  David 
                  Harris
               



             stopped her as she was going out of the shop, I then saw the piece of handkerchiefs drop from her petticoats, containing nineteen handkerchiefs, I then sent for a constable.
DAVID HARRIS. I am the brother of John Harris, I serve in the shop.
Q. Has your brother any partner. - A. No. On the morning that the last witness has mentioned, I observed the prisoner shuffling something on the counter, I could not tell what it was. When she was going to pay for what she had bought she dropped a dollar or some silver, she was going to pick the silver up, she stooped down and put something under her petticoats. In her way to the door I laid hold of her, she stood some time, and from under her petticoats the silk handkerchiefs dropped, I picked them up and kept them till the constable came.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WESTWOOD
               



            . I am the constable sent for, I took the prisoner into custody and had the handkerchiefs delivered to me by the last witness.
AMIES. They are nineteen handkerchiefs, they are Mr. Harris's property, they have our private marks upon them, they cost Mr. Harris five pound ten shillings and six pence.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, nor called any witnesses to her character.
GUILTY, aged 45,
of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
