





253. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously sealing, on the 16th of October
, one handkerchief, 4s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wyatt
                        



                     
                  , and one hundred and twenty-three promissory notes, for payment of five pound each, value 615l. one hundred and sixtyone other promissory notes, for payment of two pound each, value 322l. nine hundred and sixty-three other promissory notes, for payment of one pound each, value 963l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Williams
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Williams
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Muffat
                        



                     
                   the younger, and 
                     
                        
                           William Hugh 
                           Burgess
                        



.
Other counts varying the manner of laying the charge.


                  HENRY 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am the managing partner of the Windsor Bank. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Brown
               



             and 
               
                  James 
                  Coombs
               



            , are the other partners. I know a person named 
               
                  James 
                  Allen
               



            . He is a clerk to Messrs. Williams and company. I know Wyatt, the driver of the Windsor coach
. I had given him directions to bring a parcel of notes of the Windsor Bank down to us.


                  JAMES 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Williams and company. I gave one hundred and twenty-five five pound notes, one hundred and sixty-one two pound notes, and nine hundred and sixty-three one pound notes, to 
               
                  William 
                  Wyatt
               



            . They were all Windsor Bank notes.
Cross-examined by Mr. WALFORD. Will the London banker



s pay these notes - A. This parcel of them that I gave to Wyatt, were to be re-issued.
MR. ALLEY. You know that these had run time enough to be reissuable - A. Yes, but some were cancelled, though the greater part of them were reissuable.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WYATT
               



            . I am coachman of the coach called the Windsor Union coach. In consequence of some directions, I called at the banking-house of Messrs. Williams, in Birching-lane, on the 16th of October, I called there for a parcel, which I received. It was a brown paper parcel, sealed; I kept it in my hand, and when I got out, I put it into my silk handkerchief and carried it in my hand all the way to Piccadilly. My coach went from the Cross-Keys, Wood-street; that is our city inn. When I was in Lombard-street, in putting out my handkerchief, I pulled out a piece of paper, and a gentleman, who I have since learned, was Roberts, picked it up and gave it to me; I said thank you sir, it is of no value. I then tied the parcel up in my handkerchief on my knee; that gentleman saw me tying it. After this I walked on. As I went along, I went into a place where they were selling pictures by auction; when I came out, I saw the same gentleman again. I then went to the Cross-keys to see if the coach was gone on to Piccadilly. I then went on, and in about twenty minutes I saw the same person again. I had the parcel in my hand when I got up to the Gloucester Coffee-house, Piccadilly


. I then put it in the house while I looked out for my passengers. I then went in again and fetched this parcel out and gave it to Mrs. Flowers in the coach, and told her to take great care of it, for it was of great value. She said she would. The parcel was exactly in the same state from the time I received it at the bankers, to the time I gave it to Mrs. Flowers in the coach. I put in the seat by her. When I took it out of the Gloucester Coffee-house to put it into the coach, it was in the same state.
Cross-examined by MR. WALFORD. The notes were not passable. I stopped at the Bolt in Tun, Fleet-street, and there I did not shew my parcel.
Q. Did you not say if you had the value of that parcel, you never would be a coachman again - A. No, I will be upon my oath I did not. I went up with it to the Gloucester Coffee-house, and put it in the office. I did not see it all the time it was there; I have not been turned away on account of loosing this parcel. I started from Piccadilly at a quarter before three, only loosing this parcel, I delayed a little. It was a few minutes before three that I missed the parcel.
Examined by the COURT. I will take my oath that it was the same when I delivered it into Mrs. Flower's hand, as it was when I received it at the banker's.


                  REBECCA 
                  FLOWERS
               



            . My husbands name is 
               
                  Eli 
                  Flowers
               



            . On the 16th of October last, I was in thelast witnesses's coach, at the Gloucester Coffee-house. The coachman gave me a parcel to take care of, whilst the coach was standing there. That parcel was tied up in a red silk handkerchief. At the time he gave it to me, there was one old gentleman sat on the other side of the coach. The coachman gave it to me in my lap. After I had the care of that parcel, the prisoner at the bar came to me for it; it was not many minutes after. I heard him open the coach door. I looked round, and he had just then got his hand on the parcel. I had put it on the seat by my side. It was on my left side. He said, 'here is my parcel, that is just right.' I said; no sir, it is Mr. Wyatt's, and leaned towards the door. He said,'oh, no ma'am, it is my parcel; it is all right;' and he went away and shut the door. He took the parcel. I had seen him half an hour before at the Gloucester Coffee-house door; he was dressed in a green coat, a light waistcoat, and had a great coat hanging on his left arm, quite a light coloured traveller's coat. Such as to give him the appearance of a traveller. I looked round directly to try if I could see the coachman. The coachman was coming out of the coach-office, with a paper in his hand; I called him. I said Wyatt, the gentleman has got his parcel. He said, what parcel? I told him what had happened. I had a good opportunity of seeing his side face, and his full face, and I have not the least doubt that the prisoner is the man. I attended the first examination at Queen-square, I saw a man of the name of Roberts there. After Robert's had been admitted to bail, White, a short gentleman, and Mr. Bellows the attorney, came down to my house. I live at a place called Mills. Only these three came down. I did not expect any visit from them. It was twelve o'clock on New Years Day that they came. Mr. Bellows came in first and made an apology for troubling me; he said, he had brought two friends with him, or something to that effect. He asked me was I not the person who was in the coach at the time the parcel was taken; I told him that I was. He asked me if I thought Wyatt had any hand in it; I told him, I thought him as innocent as myself. He asked me if I thought that he,(himself,) was the man who took the parcel; I said, no; he was too old, and too tall. He said, he had brought two friends with him, who had disagreeable reflections cast on their characters, and he had brought; them down for me to see them; I said, I was very sorry. He asked me what I thought of the short man, who sat close to him; I said, I did not think it was him. He said, what do you think of the other gentlemen,(meaning White,) and I then looked at White, and was just going to say, neither do I think it is him, but when I looked at him, he struck me in his appearence, and I said, you are the height and the complection of the man who robbed the coach; but I dare say it is not you, for I thought they were all Mr. Brown's friends, and I was sorry to say or to think any thing against the man. I took it they came from Mr. Brown. I said, I thought he was rather lustier than the man who robbed the coach; he was a bigger bellied man, and rather bigger. I am sure the prisoner is the man. He is much thinner now to what he was when he came down to my house. But I am sure he is the man who came down; it was the following Sunday I saw Mr. Brown, and then I went to London. I am sure he is the man I saw at Queen-square, and he took the parcel I am sure.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Wyatt lived at Great Marlow; I know that the poor man lost his place. Mr. Brown was the banker; I never knew him before. I knew the coachman nearly thirty years. I did not at Queen-square swear positively to the prisoner; I thought his complection was the same.
Q. Did not the magistrate tell you to look at his nose - A. Yes, and I said I did not recollect his nose; he was made to speak at the office; but I did not remember his voice, as he spoke so low at the coach. I don't recollect that he was told to put on his hat. I was very much confused, and never was before a magistrate or a court. I am very sure it is the same man. I was above half an hour under examination at the office; Sir 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Colquhoun
               



             examined me. The prisoner stood in a full clear light; I had full time and leisure to examine him, and I said, I would not swear positively. I had no acquaintance with him before. I did not like to swear to him; I was very much hurt to do so; but I don't know why, unless it was, that I had never done such a thing before.
Q. Did not the magistrate put the question repeatedly to you, whether you would swear to him, and did you not refuse - A. Twice he did so; I don't recollect more.
Q. Did you not positively swear he was not the man - A. They came down to take me in, and if I had known, they should not have come in.
Q. Did you not say at your house, that you was sure he was not the man - A. I don't recollect that I said such a word as sure; I won't swear I did not use it; I might in the course of conversation. Nobody has spoken to me a single word. I had at first, made a resolution never to swear to any one; but afterwards I thought that when I knew who the man was, if I did not swear to him. I should not have done my duty. If I had not sworn to the prisoner, I should not have sworn the truth.


                  JAMES 
                  JONES
               



            . I live at the parish of Bray, in Berkshine. I was going from London on the Windsor coach, on the 16th of October; I was at the Gloucester coffee-house, with that coach; I was outside; I was sitting there whilst it was waiting for passengers; it was nearly opposite the door of the Gloucester coffee-house; I should think it was waiting there half an hour. I knew who the last witness was; I recollect she was in the inside of the coach on that day. I have been examined at Queen-square after White was taken into custody. I recollect that I saw a man at first standing up by the door of the coffee-house; he had a sort of a green coat on, and a drab coat hung on his left arm; for some time he came and stood near the door; he then moved towards the coach, and went towards the tail of the coach; I saw him look towards the coach, and he could look into the coach, and I thought from his dress, and from his moving about, that he was coming on the coach as a passenger;there were a great many people about at the time. From the length of time I saw him, and the observation I made on his person, I think the prisoner is the man. I observed his countenance; he looked up towards toe coach several times; he looked up at the coach I dare say six, eight, or ten times; I had a complete opportunity of observing his countenance. The last time I saw him was at the hinder part of the coach; I did not see him afterwards that day. I believe the prisoner to be the man. He had not been missing many minutes, when he was brought to my recollection, and in consequence of what passed between Wyatt and Mrs. Flowers; the coachman seemed in a great rage, and she was in tears. She referred to me, and asked me if I recollected the person, and I said I did.
Cross-examined by Mr. WALFORD. This man was a perfect strangers to me. I said at Queen-square, I could speak to him out of a few, but not out of a great many.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MILLER
               



            . I keep the Crown-inn, at Egham. On the 1st of November last, I recollect two persons coming to my house. Some time after that, I went to Queen-square; Roberts was in custody at that time Afterwards I saw White there. Roberts was one who had come to my house on the 1st of November; I could not swear to White. I only saw a glimpse of the other man's back as he was going out.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WATSON
               



            . I am clerk to Hull and Company, the Uxbridge bankers. I believe I have seen the prisoner before: but I can't swear. On the 3rd of November, about twelve or one o'clock, two persons came into our bank, one got a bill on London for forty pounds, the other for fifty-five pounds; we were paid for them in Windsor and other bank notes; there were fifteen one-pound Windsor bank notes paid with others for the first, and twenty-two for the second. I think the prisoner is the man who came first; I would not swear. There are two banks at Windsor; but these notes were Brown and Coombs.


                  JOHN 
                  NELSON LAVENDER
               



            . I know the prisoner White; I have known him seven or eight years; he lived in Lisle-street, Liecester-square; that was his residence. I recollect the robbery of the Windsor coach; I went in a week or ten days after to the prisoner's house; I could not find him; I searched at places where he used to go, but did not see him. I did not make enquires at these places; I saw him in about a month. I recollect Roberts being examined; I apprehended him. The prisoner did not surrender until after Roberts was bailed.


                  THOMAS 
                  MACE
               



            . I have here a new black coat; I have not the great coat; I found a white drab coat, a kind of farmer's coat.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. I found a large box coat.
Objections were taken by MR. WALFORD and MR. ADOLPHUS, as counsel for the prisoner, as to the value of the notes stolen, they having been actually paid at the bankers in London, and being when stolen, on their way to be re-issued; but they were over-rulled by the Court.
Prisoner's Defence. I am totally innocent of this charge, as a child sucking at a woman's breast, on my God.


                  JOHN 
                  ROSE
               



            . I am a lighterman; White applied to me to be bail for him. For that purpose I went with the prisoner and Mr. Bellows, on the first of January, to Temple. somewhere by Marlow. I went to the house of Mrs. Flowers; the prisoner was dressed with a black coat and a dark waistcoat. He did not appear thicker than usual. I don't believe he had used any thing to make him look bigger. I went to the house of Mrs. Flowers; I saw her; the prisoner White saw her, and she saw him. Mr. Bellows said, he came respecting the parcel that was taken, and he said, that a gentleman's name had been mentioned at the Police Office, Queen-square, and she said she should know the man perfectly well. if she saw him; for she had twenty minutes, or near half an hours view of him. Mr. Bellows asked her if she thought he was the man; she said she did not. He was too old, and too tall. He then asked her if she thought I was the man, and she said no. He then asked her if she thought White was the man, and she said no, I don't think that is the man. Mr. Bellows told White to get up for her to examine him, and after she had examined him, she said she was positively sure that was not the man; that the man was a taller man than Mr. White, and not so dark. This was about twelve o'clock; it was perfectly light. White left his address; he wrote it down. In consequence of this, I became bail for him, and appeared several times.
Cross-examined by MR. POOLEY. I have known White several years. and never knew him called by any other name. I have not been in the habit of seeing him very often during the time I have known him; I may have seen him once or twice in three months; sometimes I called at his house, and sometimes he called at mine. I believe a person named M'Gibbery was the other bail. White applied to me to be bail, and not Mr. Bellows; I had seen him frequently at his own house after the 16th of October; I don't know what he is; I don't know how he supports himself. I went down with him when I understood he was under suspicion, to hear if there was any thing against him. before I went bail for him; he did not positively tell me that he should want bail. but he said, he believed he should. I went down to examine her, to see as far as her knowing Mr. White; I don't know why we did not take the other bail; he might have gone if he liked. I don't know Roberts. I don't recollect a word of Mr. Bellows saying two of his friends had 
unpleasant reflections cast on them. For the last seven years the prisoner has lived at Lisle-street, it is a shop-window; I don't think that he carries on any business there, not that I know of. Mrs. Flowers said at first she did not think he was the man, and after she had examined him, she said, she was quite sure he was not. I can't tell where the prisoner was living for a month before I went bail for him; he had been in my boose in the course of that month, but not every week; he had slept at our house once or twice during the month, but not every night.

Re-examined by MR. WALFORD. I don't know whether he had lodgers. My hesitation in becoming his hail, was to ascertain whether that charge was true or false, and on finding Mrs. Flowers said he was nto the man, I became bail for him.
-PETZOLD. I am a watchmaker; I live at No. 1, Smith's-buildings, Bunhill-row; I have one man under me. In the course of last October. I went to Mr. Palmore, with a watch, at 34, Charles-street, Goswell-street, City-road; I took the watch, it wanted twenty minutes to three o'clock, just as I knocked at the door; I made no memorandum what day of the month it was; I am positive it was on a Monday; when I went in, Mr. Palmore was at home; the prisoenr was there, and sat with his back towards the parlour window; the prisoner was at dinner with him. Mr. Palmore asked me to sit down, and he would settle with me: I sat there until half past three, before I was settled with. White was there the whole time, and Mrs. Palmore was there. I was settled with a little before half past three, very nearly; I was coming out of the passage, and had got to the street door, when Mr. Palmore called me back, and asked me which way I was going; I told him along the City-road, and he asked me if I would take two great coats under my arm along the City-road, and he would over-take me; I did so; I walked to the end of that street very nearly, before I saw them come out of the street door; I walked along the City-road before them, until I came near the Lying-inn-hospital; then Mr. Palmore called me back, and said, this gentleman, (meaning Mr. White,) is going to give you his watch to repair; which he did, a gold watch, and two gold seals: I only walked just across Old-street-road, and there there is a livery-stable, and they went in there, and I saw them no more. I can recollect is must be near the middle of October; I have a ticket for a diamond, with the name of Wicks upon it, dated the 27th of October, and I am sure it was about a fortnight before the date of that. White called for his watch; but it was nto done, and I delivered it to Mr. Palmore when it was done, and he paid me four shillings and sixpence.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. This ticket is signed Mr. Brown junior; he is not here. Mr. Wicks is not here. This was a jewel left at my house, with this ticket; I did not file this ticket; I returned it to Mr. Wicks, and went for it last week. Mr. Palmore is a hawking pedlar; I have seen his license; I must have been at his house more than a dozen times; he is a general dealer in jewellery, and so forth; I have sold him two or three watches. There were Mr. Palmore. his wife, Mrs. Jones, and the prisoner at dinner, when I went in; they had a turkey and pickled pork, there might be also greens and potatoes: I drank nothing, except coming out at the passage, Mr. Palmore gave me a glass of gin; they all appeared to me perfectly sober; the turkey was boiled.


                  THOMAS 
                  BRICKUEL
               



            . I keep a livery-stable, in the the City-road. Mr. Palmore kept a horse and gig at my stables. On the 16th of October last, he came to my stables, with the prisoner; they came alone, and I think in a few minutes after, a person brought two great coats: I know if to be the 16th of October, by my books: there is my own entry that the chaised and horse went out on the 16th. and came back on the 18th; Mr. Palmore and Mr. White both went together: I don't know whether they returned together; the chaise was ordered at three o'clock, it was ready waiting under the ride; as near as I can recollect it waited half an hour; they started as near about half past three as possible. Our stables from the Gloucester coffee-house are three or four miles.
Cross-examined by MR. POOLEY. I had never seen White before, that I know of.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WINCH
               



            . I was in the service of the last witness in October last; then Mr. Palmore 
               kent
             a horse and gig at our stables; I recollect him and the prisoner coming to our stable particularly, it was on a Monday; some great coats came nearly at the same time; I don't recollect the person who brought them; it was at about half past three that they came. I had had the gig prepared some times before; it had been prepared by Mr. Palmore's orders; it came home on the Wadnesday evening; I had sat up for it on the Tuesday night, but it did not come home. I am sure the prisoner was the other gentleman; I had seen him before.


                  JOHN 
                  WINCHESTER
               



            . I am hostler at the New Cross-inn, on the road to Maidstone. I know the prisoner Mr. White, and I know Mr. Palmore. I remember their coming to our house in October last; they were going in a horse and chaise towards Maidstone; it might be a quarter or twenty minutes after four, or somewhere there away; it was on a Monday; my birth-day was the next day, my birthday is on the 17th of October, which is Maidstone Fair. I watered their horse; I think they took something in the chaise; I remember their returning to Town after the Fair, but won't be positive; they called again, and I watered their horse. One of them bought a horse from Mr. Rolph, nearly opposite to our house. I lived once at the Three Tuns at Maidstone.
Cross-examined by MR. POOLEY. They might have stopped ten minutes; the horse did not look hot; he did not want a cloth over him; they told me to un-bear him, and give him some water, and asked me how far it was to Maidstone. The horse they bought was deal for at our house. I know where Piccadilly is, but I don't know how far it isfrom that to New Cross. Mr. Palmore was a good customer, he used always to give me sixpence; it was on a Monday that they called.


                  MARY 
                  JONES
               



            . I worked for Mr. Palmore's wife, in October last. I remember the prisoner being there about the middle of October; it was on a Monday; he came there at about two o'clock in the day; he and Mr. Palmore came in together; the dinner was to have been ready exactly at two o'clock, but it was not ready until a little after; there were Mr. Palmore, his wife, the prisoner, and myself, to dinner; before dinner was over, there was a man came in with a watch-case; he stopped ther until half after three Mr. Palmore and the prisoner went out; the watchmaker went out, and carried their great coats; Iwent and fetched them for them; I heard them say that they were going to Maidstone Fair. I went home with a bonnet to Mrs. Palmore in the morning, and she asked me to stop to assist her in cooking the dinner, because she was disappointed of a servant. I am a bonnet maker. There was a roast turkey, and pickled pork; there was nothing else but greens and potatoes
Corss-examined by MR. ALLEY. I am positive it was on a Monday; Mrs. Palmore had been without a servant a week or a fortnight. I am positive the turkey was roast; it was not boiled; there were no sausages round it; it was not hung in chain; there was a pair of watch-cases; I believe the watchmaker had had them to gild, but I don't know; I don't think I ever saw the prisoner before that time. The watch-maker said he brought a pair of watchcases; it was not a watch, I am sure of it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36
         




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
