






1111. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TOWNSEND
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARK 
                     MORTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of August
, eight quarters of buck wheat, value 10 l., and seven pecks of beans, value 7 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Thomas
                  




               
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  MAYCOCK
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Thomas
               



            , who has a warehouse on Tower-hill. On the 6th of August, about six o'clock in the morning, Townsend had the key of the granary - he was the granary keeper
. I went there about a quarter after seven o'clock, and opened the door without making a noise, and saw Morton bringing part of a sack of buck wheat along the floor towards the door. I asked him what he was doing? he said he did not know. I then saw Townsend and Dick on the same floor, filling sacks from the bulk; before they saw me they were bringing sacks towards the door, where four other full sacks had been placed. I asked them if they had any orders to fill the sacks? Townsend said he knew nothing about it. I asked if Dick had any orders? Dick immediately made his escape down, through the cellar. I got Morton and Townsend together, and asked them why they were putting it up without any order, or a meter to attend them? Morton said,
"We have done wrong, let us shoot it back to the bulk." I said they should not move it unless they called Dick back; I got assistance, and had the prisoners secured. The sacks were not our's, they contained eight quarters and three bushels of buck wheat, which corresponded with the bulk. They said it was of no use having a piece of work about it, and wanted to shoot it back. As soon as they saw me they dropped the sacks and concealed themselves. Corn cannot be delivered without an order.
Cross-examined by MR. CURWOOD. Q. Morton once worked for you - A. Yes.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BARNARD
               



            . I am the prosecutor's clerk. I delivered Townsend the key - Morton was not employed there then. I was fetched to the granary about eight o'clock, and found the prisoners in custody, and three sacks filled with buck wheat, and one with beans.


                  JOHN 
                  RILEY
               



            . I was sent to assist Maycock, and laid hold of Morton behind the loop-hole door; he offered me a 1 l. note to let him go, which I refused.
MINEGO DAVIDSON. I assisted in taking Morton; he offered 1 l. to be let go. Townsend was sent after Dick; he returned and said,
"D - n it let us start it, and say no more about it."
TOWNSEND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.
MORTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Best.
