





933. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     CARLISLE
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 5th of October
, had in his custody and possession three pieces of paper apparently to resemble bank-notes with the words, five hundred, pounds, in white letters, on a black ground
            .


                  ANTONO 
                  BENNIA
               



            . I am a Italian and a sailor. One day I was going to see a messmate of mine. I went into a public house. I saw the prisoner there, he was having a glass of gin. Then we went to another public house; another man came in, the prisoner and that man began playing, tossing up tokens, and after they had been playing some time they asked me to play, and to put down five pounds. Carlisle asked me to play, he had won once or twice of the other man. They put down paper that had the appearance of bank-notes, and when I put down five one pound notes, the other man took up the notes and ran away. Carlisle attempted to run away, but he was stopped and brought back again; then Carlisle walked round to the fire-place: he took up a red pocket-book from the grate; there was no fire there; he put the pocket-book into his pocket.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALLEY
               



            . I am a constable, I searched the prisoner. I found upon him six hundred and eighty pounds in bad notes. This is the pocket-book and the bad notes called Fleet notes; they have my mark upon them.
(The notes read.)
Q. to Mr. Shelton. Is there any thing there in a white letter on a black ground - A. Yes, five hundred.
Prisoner's Defence. Them things I had as a toy, and as they have been exposed to sale, I never knew there was any harm. As a proof that I did not mean to pass them, I wrote upon them, of no value. At the Trafalgar hosiery, in the City road, they have them in the window. I never intended to pass them.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
