





858. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of April
, three tea-spoons, value 15 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Pidding
                  




               
            .


                  EMILY 
                  GRAY
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Pidding
               



            , who is a confectioner
, and lives in Stower-street, Bedford-square


. On the 25th of April, between nine and ten o'clock at night, three boys came into the shop, and asked for some jellies - I gave them three spoons to eat them with; before they had finished eating them all three ran away with the spoons, leaving the jellies behind. Reeve, the witness, was one of them; I know him well, but cannot speak to the prisoner.


                  SAMUEL 
                  REEVE
               



            . I lived at Mr. Adam's, public-house, in Tottenham-court-road. On Sunday night, about half-past nine o'clock, the prisoner, I, and Lyfield went into the pastry cook's shop, and asked for three six penny jellies - the lady gave us two, and said she had no more; we asked for three spoons, Lyfield ran out with the spoon, the prisoner followed him, and I ran out too. Each had a spoon. Brown took mine from me in Greek-street, and took them to the Black Dog and Still, Short's-gardens, and gave them to Mrs. Wild.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I am a constable. On the 26th of April, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I went to the prosecutor's and took Reeve in charge; he said he was guilty, and that Brown and Lyfield were concerned with him, and the spoons were taken to Wild's. I went there, and she gave them to me.


                  ANN 
                  WILD
               



            . I live at the Black Dog and Still. I received the spoons from the prisoner. I am certain he is the man. He asked me to take care of them for him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met the boy, he asked me to take care of them, as he was afraid of losing them. I took them to Wild.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
