





105. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     KEMP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               embezzling one 2 l. and sixteen 1 l. bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Bourne
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOURNE
               



            . I am a baker
, and live in Avery-street, Chelsea. The prisoner was my servant
, and was entrusted to receive money for me. On Friday, the 9th of October, I sent him with some change to Mr. Thompson, who lives at Chelsea


 - he used to send me notes for it. The prisoner did not return with the money as soon as I expected, and I went to know the reason; I was informed he had got the money, and was gone. I could not find him, returned home, and found his clothes were gone also. I gave information, and on the 16th of November he was brought to Town, from Wiltshire. He ought to have brought me 18 l., which he never did; I asked what he had done with it; he said he lost it. My house is not above 400 yards from Thompson's.


                  CHARLES 
                  DANIEL LOVEDAY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Thompson, pawnbroker, Grosvenor-row, Chelsea. On the 7th of October, the prisoner brought 6 l. from the prosecutor's, and on the 9th, he brought 5 l. in copper, and 7 l. in silver; I gave him sixteen 1 l. and one 2 l. bank notes, to take to his master - it was about the middle of the day.


                  JOSEPH 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I live in Grosvenor-row. On the 7th of October, the prisoner brought some change to me, and on the 9th he brought 12 l., which made 18 l. together - Loveday gave him the notes. In about twenty minutes after, the prosecutor came, I said his servant had got the money.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KING
               



            . I am an officer. On the 14th of November, I went to Melksham, found the prisoner in the cage there, and brought him to town on the 16th.

Prisoner's Defence. I lost the money, and was afraid to go back.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
