





1006. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HAREFIELD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of May
, six knives value 10 s. and six forks, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     White
                  




               
            .


                  JANE 
                  PARKER
               



            . I live at Staines. I purchased half a dozen knives and forks for ten shillings and sixpence of the prisoner's wife, about the latter end of May last, before the Epsom races. These are the knives and forks.
MRS. WHITE. I am the wife of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  White
               



            . The prisoner was in the employ of our house. I missed fourteen or fifteen dozen of knives and forks. These are some of the knives and forks; they are part of my husband's property. They are new; they have never been used. They were bought for a public breakfast. They were deposited in the prisoner's care. I gave him a lock and key to take care of them. They were all in the care of the prisoner. The prisoner was many years in my service, and he lived in my service during that time.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WHITE
               



            . I know the knives and forks to have been in my custody. I bought the knives and forks for the Queen's breakfast at Egham races. I missed fourteen or fifteen dozen of knives. I asked the prisoner what had become of them. He said he knew nothing of them at first; afterwards he said he had them at my father's sale. He said, many things went away at the same time; he thought he might as well have them as any body else. I bought them myself of Mr. Rogers, at Eton, August 25th, 1811. The sale was in the year 1809. He lived in my service between eight and ten years.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
