





456. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of April
, a chain, value 2 l. and three seals, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Scott William 
                  Holmes
               




            .


                  SCOTT 
                  WILLIAM HOLMES
               



            . I live in Bread-street, Cheapside. I lost these things on the 11th of April I believe; it was on the night of the illumination. I was conducting an elderly lady in the crowd on the first night of the illumination; I was holding my hands against the wall to keep the crowd from her. In that situation I felt the prisoner pull my chain; my chain broke at the top ring; my chain, seals, and ring, were gone. I turned round, and seized the first man on my right hand, and charged him with stealing them; he said, he had not, and that I might search him; I just put my hand to his pocket. The crowd pressed me so, and I was behind the lady, I gave it up as lost. I could not say he was the man. My seals were described in an advertisement in the paper.
Q. Are you sure he is the man that you laid hold of - A. No; he is about the size. I cannot swear to him.


                  JOHN 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Rochford, Jermyn-street. On the 14th of April, I received a gold chain in pledge of the prisoner; I am sure he is the man. This is the chain; no seals were to it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Dry, St. Martin's-lane. On the 14th of April, I took in two seals of a man; I believe it was the prisoner. I cannot swear positively to it. I lent a pound upon them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ASHTON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Ashman, in the Strand, pawnbroker. On the 14th of April, the prisoner pledged a gold seal; I lent him fifteen shillings upon it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NICOLLS
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. I apprehended the prisoner on Saturday, the 16th of April. On searching him, I found five duplicates in the lining of his hat. I went round to the pawnbrokers, and got a description of the property, and advertised it. One duplicate is a metal watch, and two gold seals besides these. Since I have been here, a man has applied about the metal watch.
Prosecutor. The chain, seals, and key, are mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought them of a jew.



               GUILTY
            , aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
