





437. 
               
                  
                     EMANUEL 
                     MYERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of February
 6 s. 6 d., in monies numbered, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Edwards
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . On the 15th of February, about three o'clock I was at the hustings, Covent Garden-market


, standing opposite them. I was surrounded by a gang, and carried away into the middle of the mob; I kept my hands down to protect my watch - the prisoner was one of them; I kept my eye on him, and felt his hand in my pocket. I said,
"You scoundrel take your hand out." I was then hustled ten times more than before - they pressed against me with their elbows, and I was almost choaked; one of them took my hat off. I was then quite of my feet, and felt a hand working my watch about - I had twisted it round, so that they could not get it out; both my pockets were turned inside-out.


                  JAMES 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am a piano-forte-maker. I was at the hustings; the gang were round the prosecutor; he said he was robbed. I saw his pockets turned inside-out - he was pulled about a great deal; he pointed the prisoner out. I secured him, and took him to Bow-street; he was searched - he had three handkerchiefs round his neck - one of them had a 1 l. note in it; two snuffboxes, and a cotton handkerchief were found on him - the gang tried to rescue him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MASON
               



            . I was at the hustings, and saw the prisoner with several others hustling the prosecutor, who was quite exhausted, so that he could not walk - I am sure the prisoner was one of them.
Prisoner's Defence. The evidence is false.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
