





813. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     LLOYD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he on the 22d of November
, was a clerk
 to 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Edington
                        



                     
                   since deceased, 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Yerraway
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        Edington 
                        Fulcher
                     



                  , and was employed and entrusted to receive money for them, and being such servant and so employed, did receive and take into his possession the sum of 17 l. 7 s. 3 d. and that he afterwards did embezzle, secrete, and steal the same
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURFORD
               



            . I am a boot and shoe maker, I live in Blackman Street in the Borough.
Q.Do you know the prisoner. - A. I know him as the servant of Messrs. Edington and Company. On the 22d of November he came to me for Seventeen Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Threepence, for a room of coals I had of Edington and Company, I paid him the money and he gave me this receipt.


                  JAMES 
                  YERRAWAY
               



            . Q. Who was your partners in November last. - A. 
               
                  John 
                  Edington
               



            , and Edington Fulcher. 
               
                  John 
                  Edington
               



             died last March.
Q. Was Mr. Burford a customer of yours. - A. He was.
Q. Did you receive any sum of money of the prisoner as paid by Mr. Burford for coals that you had furnished Mr. Burford with. - A. I did not.
Q. He was employed and entrusted to receive money for you. - A. He was, he was clerk and book-keeper, he came in April 1806.
Q. Did he keep any book in which it was his duty to enter the sums that he received of his customers and in which he was to account to you. - A. There was a book in which he was to enter the sums that he received; I have the book here, I have looked through the whole of the book, there is no such sum entered. On the 19th of July I charged him with having received sixty-one pounds, ten shillings, and sixpence, which he had not accompted for, he said he would accompt to me the next day following.
Court. What became of him afterwards. - A. I believe he went away the day afterwards, on the Saturday he came about eleven o'clock and went away, I never saw him afterwards until the day I apprehended him.
Mr. Gurney. Independant of your book I want to know whether you have any recollection of it. - A. I can say from my own recollection he has never paid me any money on that accompt, my other partner is here.
EDINGTON FULCHER. I am partner with Mr. Yerraway.
Q. Did the prisoner ever accompt to you for this seventeen pounds, seven shillings, and threepence. - A. Never, I have looked the book over carefully, there is no entery.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, and called ten witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged, 40.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
