





155. 
               
                  
                     RALPH 
                     COOPER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of November
, forty-eight bottles, and ten gallons of wine, value 12 l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Tulford
                  




               
            .
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  TULFORD
               



            . I live at No. 9, Colebrook-terrace, Islington


. On the 31st of October I went out of town, and left my premises quite secure - I had been in the wine-cellar that morning, and it was quite safe. I returned on the 6th of November, in the evening, went to the cellar, found the wine disturbed, two dozen of Port, and two dozen of red Bronte were gone. The Bronte had my hand-writing on the corks. I afterwards saw thenecks and corks in them, of two bottles of Bronte - my hand-writing was on the corks.
Cross-examined by MR DOWLING. I left my wife and two female servants at home.


                  MARY 
                  KITE
               



            . I am the prosecutor's servant, On the 2d of November, about seven o'clock in the morning, I found the cellar broken open, a hole was made in the wall large enough for a man to get in and out - it was safe the night before. I saw a small cask of gin standing by the side of the road, a bottle of wine was also found there.


                  HANNAH 
                  CUTHBERT
               



            . I am servant at the Gun public-house, Islington, about two hundred yards from the prosecutor's. On Sunday, the 1st of November, the prisoner and two other men came in about eleven o'clock in the morning - they left about seven o'clock in the evening, and returned about a quarter before nine - they called for a corkscrew, I gave it to Edwards, who was with the prisoner. I knew him before, they used the house. They were in a private room drinking red wine out of large tumblers. They remained there till about eleven o'clock, and then my master turned them out very tipsey,


                  GEORGE 
                  FISHER
               



            . I am a watchman. My beat is about two hundred yards from the prosecutor's house. On Monday morning, between one and two o'clock, I was on Islington-green. and saw the prisoner lying on the ground dead drunk - he could neither speak nor stir. I found two bottles with their necks broken off, one laid on one side of him, and the other about a yard from him. I took him to the watch-house with them, and in the morning he was let go, as we had not heard of the robbery.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  TULFORD
               



             re-examined. They are two of the bottles that I lost - they have a triangular cross, and B on them.


                  CHARLES 
                  TUCKETT
               



            . I am a watchman. A few nights before the robbery, at a quarter after one o'clock at night, I saw the prisoner and two more near the prosecutor's house, Edward's was one, they had two large dogs with them. I heard the leaves rustle by the place where the cellar was afterwards broken. I went on the terrace steps and found Edwards there apparently asleep - the prisoner was with him. I asked them what business they had there? He said they had been to Mr. Tulford's, I said they had never knocked or rang, for if they had I must have heard them - he said they had been there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
