





1111. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  DONOHOE
               




             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Bloe
                        




                     
                  , about twelve o'clock in the night of the 25th of July
, with intent to steal, and stealing therein two live tame geese
            , his property.


                  THOMAS 
                  BLOE
               



            . I live in Queen-street, St. Giles's


. On 30th of July, I went to bed about ten o'clock, leaving two live geese in my front kitchen, I fed them just before; at half-past three o'clock the next morning the watchman alarmed me - I went down and found the geese gone-both their heads had been wrung off and left - They were quite warm. One of the bars had been taken from my window, any person could get in; it was daybreak.


                  JOHN 
                  MALLET
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 30th of July, about half-past two o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner coming from Bloe's house, I caught hold of him - He had two geese behind him; he got away from me, leaving a piece of his coat in my hand, and threw the geese at my feet; I pursued and never lost sight of him until the other watchman took him in Vine-street. I left the geese in my box, but when I returned I found one gone-both their heads were off. It was daybreak.


                  RICHARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a patrol. I heard the cry of stop thief! and saw the prisoner running from Drury-lane; I pursued and took him in Vine-street.
GUILTY. Aged 24.
Of 


               stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
