





698. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ARNOLD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of May
, twenty-eight pounds weight of butter, value 38 s. and one tub, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Russell
                  




               
            .


                  LEVI 
                  VICKREY
               



            . I am a book-keeper at Axminster, to 
               
                  Robert 
                  Russell
               



            's waggon. I saw the tub of butter put in the waggon. This is my book where I entered it, it was on the 24th of May, 1813; it was marked N. B. No. 1745; this is the farmer's iron that marked it: I helped to load the waggon myself.


                  JOHN 
                  PREEN
               



            . I am a porter at the Bull-inn, Friday-street, Cheapside


. The Axminster waggon inns there. The Axminster waggon arrived on Friday night; on Saturday morning I saw this tub of butter in 
               
                  Robert 
                  Russell
               



            's hay-loft; the tub of butter was under some hay; James Arnold has the care of that hay-loft. Arnold was Mr. Russell's horse-keeper
; the tub of butter was concealed in the hay-loft.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ANSTWICK
               



            . I am a book-keeper at the Bell-inn, Friday-street. I apprehended the prisoner with the half firkin of butter done up very curious in a frail-basket. The basket was sewed up so that you could not see the contents of the basket. I followed him and asked him what he had got in their ail. I took it from him. This is the firkin that was in the frail-basket.
Vickrey. That is the firkin I loaded in the waggon; it corresponds with the marking iron.
Q. Whereabouts is the value of that butter - A. Fifteen or sixteen shillings at Axminster.
Q. to Anstwick. What time of the day was it when you stopped him - A. About nine o'clock on Sunday morning; the waggon arrived late on Friday night. When the waggon arrives the gates are shut, no one has access to it until the next morning; it is a private inn, and on Saturday morning I saw the firkin of butter in the hay-loft.
Prisoner's Defence. I am not guilty.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 47.




               Transported for Seven
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
