





278. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  STOKER
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Moon
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Moon
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of five, on the 13th of March
, the said 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Moon
                     



                   and others being therein, and stealing therein a watch, value 5 l.
             their property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MOON
               



            . I am in partnership with my mother
, 
               
                  Ann 
                  Moon
               



            , No. 4, Holborn bars


; our shop is there, and my mother lives there; I reside at Cursitor-street, Chancery-lane. I know no circumstance relating to the breaking of the shop window whatever. On Tuesday the 13th of March, I had been out, I returned about five in the afternoon, I found a pane of glass had been broken or cut. I went out about four o'clock, the watches were all safe in the window then, I had put them there in the morning. On my return I went to take the watches away, and found a bit of glass, and a great number of watches gone.
Q. Did you see any of them again - A. I never saw any of them till the one now in question was brought to me by Mr. Swan, the constable, on the 15th, the Thursday following. It is a new silver hunting watch; I knew it to be mine, it had only been finished that day.
MR. SWAN. Q. You searched the prisoner at Mr. Acres - A. Yes, I did, I found a silver hunting watch in Stoker's waistcoat pocket.
Prisoner's Defence. On my going down Holborn I saw three men at Mr. Moon's window, they gave me three watches to hold; they went towards the window again; they came to me and took the three watches from me; they gave me this watch; John Brown asked them if they would give him any, they hit him and ran away.
GUILTY, aged 14.




               Of stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thompson
               



            .
