





1341. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HENSLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of August
, one chaise-harness, value 1l. 10s., and one saddle, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Fisher
                  




               
            , Esq.




                  STEPHEN 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am servant to James Fisher, Esq. who is chief clerk
 at the Auditing Office, in the Exchequer. The harness was under my care. On the 6th of August, about half-past nine o'clock, I locked it up in the stable, in Dean's-yard


. Next morning, at six o'clock, I found it broken open, and the property stolen.


                  EPHRAIM 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a patrol. On the 7th of August, in the morning, I was in Orchard-street, and saw the prisoner and two more come out of Dean's-yard, with something on their backs, and going towards the end of Queen Ann-street; I crossed, and waited for them; the prisoner came down to me, I collared him immediately. He asked me what I wanted, and let his sack fall on my hand, which broke my hold; he ran up the street, I followed, several watchmen tried to stop him, but he passed them, I overtook him in Duck-lane, the watchman had stopped him. I am sure he is the man. I never lost sight of him. He wanted to fight the watchman. The others got away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOODENOUGH
               



            . I saw the prisoner drop the bag; I struck at him, he got off, and threw it down-it contained the harness and other things - He threw away four picklock keys, eight skeleton keys, and a phosphorus box. I am sure he is the man.
HENRY COOKMAN. I am a watchman. I saw the prisoner, and two other men come into the street, Walton stopped him - He got off, and threw the property down. I took the bag to the watch-house, it contained the property stated in the indictment. I am certain he is the man.
DANIEL BEAKLEY. I am a watchman. I stopped the prisoner; as he ran he struck me on the head.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the bag.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
