





174. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     WELCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of December
, five yards of cloth, value 18 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Lawrence
                  




               
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  LAWRENCE
               



            . I am a publican
; I keep the Golden Lion, Lemon street, Goodman's-fields


. The prisoner was my servant
, she came to me on the 19th of November, and left me on the 29th; I gave her warning. In three days after the prisoner left me I found out that she had stole my cloth. It is table linen, there is above ten yards of it in the whole.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORRISON
               



            . I am journeyman to Mr. Murray, pawnbroker, 199, East Smithfield. On the 5th of December, the prisoner pawned with me a tablecloth, containing three yards and a quarter. I advanced ten shillings upon it.


                  THOMAS 
                  HORN
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Matthews, pawnbroker, in the Minories. On the 8th of December the prisoner pawned with me a table cloth containing three yards and a quarter; I advanced four shillings upon it.
FRANCIS FREEMAN. I am an officer of Lambeth-street. I took the woman in custody; I had occasion to call at the Flying Horse to get the keys of the office; I searched her, and found nothing upon her; about two days afterwards the landlord of the house picked up a hussiff where she stood, I opened it, and saw a number of duplicates; I went to Mr. Lawrence, told him I was in possession of the tickets. He described the cloths that he had lost, he said he had a private mark on one of them.
Prisoner's Defence. I have two small children without a father. I leave myself to the mercy of the court.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr Common Serjeant.
