





456. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SIMKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of April
, a watch, value 3 l. a chain, value 1 s. a seal, value 10 s. 6 d. and two keys, value 2 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Biddle
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BIDDLE
               



            . I am a porter
 at Goldsmith's hall. On the 18th of April I was going from the hall down St. Ann's lane, I met the prisoner at the corner of St. Ann's lane


, there is a post at the corner about two foot from the house, there is not room enough for two persons to pass at the same time. The prisoner obstructed me from going down St. Ann's lane, and would not let me pass, but rushed on before me, squeezing me up against the corner. I had a good opportunity of looking him full in the face. I said to him, my friend, you are in a violent hurry; while the words were in my mouth, I felt my watch go out of my fob pocket, he was obliged to pull it very hardmy breeches being very tight. I immediately cried, stop thief, he has got my watch, he crossed over into Maiden-lane, and ran very fast until he got out of my sight. A witness in court saw him do the fact, and followed him.
Q. Have you any doubt as to his person - A. I know his person very well, I had an opportunity of staring him in the face, I am sure he is the man.
WILLIAM SHEPPARD. I am a cabinet marker. On the 18th of April, I was passing up St. Ann's-lane close behind the prisoner, I saw the prisoner take the watch out from Mr. Biddle's pocket. I immediately ran after him, when he turned up Gutter lane I was close behind him. Mr. Webster, a gentleman volunteer, with his musquet in front stopped the prisoner; then I laid hold of his collar, and said, he was the man that stole the watch.
Q. Had you lost sight of him - A. No, only as he was turning the corner; I was close behind him; I never lost sight of him for a minute, I am certain he is the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . How hold are you - A. I am thirteen, I was going on an errand into Mincing-lane, I saw a bustling at the corner of St. Ann's-lane, I heard a cry of stop him, he has got my watch; I saw a man run and throw a watch away, it came close across my shoulder, I tried to catch it, it fell at my feet, I picked it up; Mr. Biddle said, it is my watch; I said, I did not know whose it is, stop till somebody comes; two men came and said they had got the man; I gave the watch to Mr. Biddle.


                  GEORGE 
                  HEDGCUP
               



            . I was standing at the corner of Maiden-lane looking at a puppet-show, I heard Mr. Biddle cry out, stop thief, he has got my watch, I immediately saw the prisoner run up Maiden-lane, I saw him throw the watch over his head. I took up the watch case and gave it to a gentleman, he gave it to Mr. Biddle.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of what I am accused of, I was not in that street at all that night.



               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
