






1525. 
               
                  
                     WALTER 
                     LEVY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     NORRIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of October
, one chain, value 2d.; two seals, value 20s.; and three watch keys, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Burgess
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS BURGESS. I am a broker
, and live in Newroad, St. George's in the East. On the 22d of October, about ten minutes after ten o'clock at night, I was in the New-road


, returning home-it was a very light night-the two prisoners met me, and snatched at my watch-the chain gave way, which they took, with two gold seals and three keys; they turned down Betsey-street. I called to the watchman, he came up immediately, pursued and took one of them-it was Levy. I am positive he is one of them.
Cross-examined by MR. PLATT. I was sober. Norris snatched the watch-chain, Levy saw him do it. I was alarmed.
MICHAEL MORRIS. I am an officer of Shadwell. I took Norris into custody from information which I received, on the 23d, which was the next day.
MICHAEL GIDEON. I am a fruit-dealer. On Wednesday week, at night, the prisoner, Norris, came to me and asked if I knew a lame gentleman, who lived in Back-lane? I told him I had seen him about. He said he had made a snatch at the gentleman's watch, and the chain broke; Stop thief was called, he ran away, and threw the seals in the mud. I told him it was nothing to me - He went away. I only know him by his buying fruit of me.
Court. Q. How came he to tell you about it - A. I do not know. He stopped me in Wells-street, and told me, about half-past ten o'clock at night. He came to me again at eight o'clock next night, and said, "You know the concern I shewed you the over-night." He said he sold the chain and seals for 12s. - this was on Thursday night - He then said he only sold it for 8s. He afterwards said to Lewis Cohen," You know the concern I shewed you last night?" Cohen said he should know it again. He said,"Here is a piece of the chain, and here goes." He threw it away. He said, he threw it away because the property should not be found upon him if he was taken.
Jury. Q. How long have you known him - A. He used to buy fruit of me.
LEWIS COHEN. I am a tailor. Last Wednesday week, about half-past ten o'clock at night, I was standing at the posts, at the corner of Wellclose-square, the prisoner, Norris, came up to me, and shewed me two seals and three keys, hanging to a piece of chain. He asked me to buy them. He said I might have them for 15s. - I refused; he went away. Next night, I was talking to Gideon, he came up, and asked me if I should know the things which he shewed me the evening before? I said I should - He said he had sold them. He took half the chain out of his pocket, and threw it away. I then searched about Wells-street for it a long while.
FRANCIS GULLEY. I am a watchman of St. George's in the East. On the 22d of October, about ten minutes after ten at night, I heard the rattle sprung. I ran towards Betsey-street, and saw a party running across Ratcliff-highway, down John's-lane, calling out, Stop thief! I turned round, and ran down Artichoke-hill, and met the prisoner, Levy at the bottom - He ran into my arms. He asked me what I took him for? The people came up, and said he was the man. I found nothing on him.
Cross-examined. He said he had done nothing.
JEREMIAH SAVAGE. I am a watchman. On the 22d of October, about a quarter after ten o'clock, I heard the alarm, and saw two persons running, I sprang my rattle; I lost sight of them and turned back, thinking they would come round another away. I met Levy in the custody of Gulley.
NORRIS'S Defence. I was at home at the time.
MANASSEH GULSTON. I am a slop-seller, and live at Shadwell. On the 22d of October, the prisoner, Levy, was at my house between nine and ten o'clock - He left my house about twenty minutes before ten-Ratcliff-high way would be in his way home.
LEVY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
NORRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
