





210. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     HUNTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of December
, five locks, value 5s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Timothy 
                     Bramah
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Bramah
                  



               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  STILWELL
               



            . I am watchman to Mr. Brown of Millbank. On the 21st of December, between eleven and twelve in the morning, I saw the prisoner lurking about the house, as I passed, when I returned he was gone; I looked in at the gate, and saw the windows open, heard a door rattle, and saw the prisoner put his head of the parlour-window. I shook my head at him, and he came to the door to me; I asked him why he went into the house? he said the door was open; I told him that it was false, and that he got in at the window. He wanted me to let him go. As I was taking him to Mr. Bramah he threw a screw-driver into the garden. I went back and found it.
JOHN COBHAM. I am an officer. The prisoner was brought to Queen-Square, and I found two locks in his coat pocket, and the nobs in his other pocket. I went, with Taylor, to the house, in Union-place, Millbank, and found eight doors with the locks off: those found on the prisoner fitted two of the doors exactly.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was taken ill, and went into the house. The locks found on me are mine. I am continually pestered with officers. I was once transported, and since I received my pardon I will defy any man to say I I have robbed anybody. I can produce a hundred locks of the same description.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 48.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
