





1499. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     BUTLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of October
, one watch, value 30 s.; one key, value 2 d., and one piece of ribbon, value 1 d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Gaywood
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  GAYWOOD
               



            . I am a carter
. On the 3d of October, between six and seven o'clock in the morning, I was in town; just as I came out of the door of the Coach and Horses, public-house, Whitechapel


, I was surrounded by six or eight, or more persons. I do not know any of them - a girl kept dancing before me. They hustled me; I lost my watch unknown to me - I missed it a few minutes afterwards. It was safe just before. In about half an hour I saw the constable, he found it on the prisoner, who was in custody.


                  JOHN 
                  BURRELL
               



            . I am waiter at the Coach and Horses. On Saturday morning, the 3d of October, I saw the prisoner, with half a dozen others, the prosecutor got outside the door, a girl accosted him, and kept dancing round him, when six or seven pickpockets surrounded him - one of them 
               drew
             the watch out of his pocket, the prisoner ran and received it from him, and then ran away with it. I went for an officer, and described him to the officer; in the meantime he came up in a different dress. I laid hold of him, and gave him to the officer. I saw the watch taken from his right hand pocket. He resisted being searched.
Prisoner. Q. What clothes did I change - A. A blue apron and corded breeches.
Q. Did not the officer ask if I was the man - A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LYON
               



            . I am headborough of Whitechapel. Burrell described the man to me; the prisoner came in at the door, I thought he answered the description, and said
"Look at this man;" he came out, and said,
"That is the man." I secured him, and said I must search you, for this man has been robbed of his watch. He resisted terribly. After a great deal of resistance I searched him, and found the watch in his right-hand breeches-pocket.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was drinking in the house, a man came in in a hurry, put the watch into my hand, and said,
"Hold this a few minutes, for I am going to fight." I left the house to get shaved, when I returned the officer asked the potboy if I was the man? he said, Yes. He asked me if had a watch? I said I have, but it is not mine, I have come back to give it to the man who gave it to me. I pulled it out, and he took it. I did not resist.


                  GEORGE 
                  GAYWOOD
               



             re-examined. I did not give it to him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
