





1502. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BINGLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of August
, three 5l. bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dolan
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DOLAN
               



            . I am a drover
. On the 12th of August, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, I was lying on the grass, in a field, within two miles of Rumford


. The prisoner laid by my side. I had hired him on the road, to assist me to drive my cattle, which were in the field. I had 65l. in my pocket. About one o'clock I awoke, started up, and saw him get up from my side. He was picking up some notes. I found my pocket-book was safe, and thought he had not robbed me. I asked a man who laid on the other side of me, if he had lost anything? He said No. Next morning I found some of my money gone. I gave information to the Police; and, some time after, when I was in Ireland, I heard that he was taken. I came to England and saw him, and am sure he is the man.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BINTON
               



            . I am a corn-chandler. On the 12th of August I bought six heifers of the prosecutor, at Rumford market. I paid him 26l. 19s. I paid him the same notes which I received from Joiner and Co.'s bank to that amount.


                  THOMAS 
                  HUNT
               



            . On the 16th of August I was informed the prisoner had been laying out a great deal of money, and showing it in his hands. Next day I saw him at a play at Hampstead. About eleven o'clock that night I found him in a shed on Hampstead Heath, and told him I understood he had a great deal of money about him. He said he had not got a farthing about him. I found a watch on him. I found a pocket-book in his breeches, between his thighs, with three 5l. notes in it. I asked him how he got them? He said he found them near Battle-bridge. I took him to Bow-street. He then said he found them within three miles of Rumford.


                  GEORGE 
                  LAURENCE
               



            . I am clerk to Joiner and Co., bankers, of Rumford. They are three of the notes I paid for the cheque. They correspond with my book.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DOLAN
               



            . The notes I received from Binton were part of what I lost.
Prisoner's Defence. I do not know the prosecutor. I found the notes near Rumford.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
