





205. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BARKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Nicholas 
                           Priest
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of five in the afternoon, on the 5th of January
, no person being therein, and stealing a sheet, value 2 s. a blanket, value 3 s. and a quilt, value 2 s,
             his property.


                  ANN 
                  PRIEST
               



            . I live at 13, Marygold-court, Strand, in the parish of St. Martin's in the Fields


. My husband's name is Nicholas Priest.
Q. Have you the whole house or part - A. Lodgings. Mrs. Davis owns the house, she does not live in the house.
Q. Did you lose this sheet and blanket at any time - A. Yes, on Thursday the 5th of January, about five in the evening; I went out and left nobody in my apartment.
Q. Was there any people in the other part of the house - A. Yes; I fastened my room doors; I have the second floor, one room. I came back about half after eight, the lock was broken off, and the door wideopen. I missed a sheet, a blanket, and a quilt off the bed.
Q. Did you ever see them afterwards - A. No.


                  MARY 
                  ROSE
               



            . I live in the same house with Mrs. Priest, in the parlour, the prisoner came in and asked for 
               
                  Ann 
                  Priest
               



            ; it was past five o'clock; I said she was not at home; he said that makes no odds, he is my coachman, I owe him six shillings and sixpence; I said you must not go up stairs, he said he would go up stairs; he put his hand under his leg, and said, I am Jemmy, I am come out of Tothill-fields bridewell. He went up stairs and brought a bundle down; I saw him in the passage with the bundle, he had nothing when he went up; he said this is my coachman; it was in a large bundle, covered over with a white cover.
Q. There was a coachman with him, was there - A. Yes, a shortish men. The prisoner said d - n you, if you say any thing; you bitch, I will let you know I have as much right here as you have.
Q. Did he go away with the things - A. Yes, he and the coachman went down the court; the prisoner said they were his property, he would have them. I was very glad he was gone. I had seen him once or twice before.
THOMAS MANTZ. I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner in the Strand; he said, well, I am not taken for beans now; I said, no, do you know what you are taken for; yes, he said, I went and took a sheet, blanket, and counterpane off the bed.
Q. Did he say from whence he had taken them - A. No, he did not; he said he had a coach, he had no money to pay the coachman, he knew the people, he went and took these things to pay the coachman. I never could find out what coachman it was.
Prisoner's Defence. It is all truth what he has said.
Q. to prosecutor. What is the value of these articles A. About seven shillings.
Q. It was about five o'clock, when you went out, that is dark on the 5th of January, is it not - A.Yes; I think it is.
GUILTY, aged 35.
Of 


               stealing, but not breaking and entering the house.
            





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. justice Bailey.
