





57. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     WOODWARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of November
, a silver watch, value 18 s. a pair of breeches, value 3 s. 6 d. a shirt, value 2 s. 6 d. a handkerchief, value 2 s. 6 d. a spencer, value 5 s. three gowns, value 12 s. a pair of stays, value 4 s. a pair of pockets, value 6 d. three napkins, value 1 s. two pillow cases, value 1 s. one yard of dimity, value d. and a box, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Jackson
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Patterson
                     



.
JOSEPH JACKSON. I am a brush-maker
. I live at 159, Upper Thames-street


, in 
               
                  Robert 
                  Patterson
               



            's house, in the parish of Allhallows the Great


. I occupy the first floor.
Q. Did the prisoner live in the house - A. No, she is an entire stranger to me. On Saturday, the 14th of November, I went out about one o'clock. I left my wife in the room. I saw my watch hanging up by the mantle-piece.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Jackson
               



            . I went out about two o'clock.
Q. Was the prisoner known to you - A. No, she is an entire stranger. I never saw her in the house. It is a private house; the door is generally open. When I went out I double locked my room door.
Q. At the time that you went out was your husband's watch on the mantle-piece - A. It was, and in the room were all the things mentioned in the indictment. The articles were all safe in the room when I went away. I went out about two o'clock; I was not absent an hour; when I returned I found my door open. The lock was not injured. Whoever it was that entered the room must have got in by a false key, or a picklock. When I entered the room I first missed my husband's watch. Upon my looking round the room I missed all the other articles I had an hundered hand bills printed, and I distributed them to the different pawnbrokers for them to stop the things. On the Monday following I was going down the Strand to deliver them bills, I saw the prisoner walking before me in the street, with my gown on, my black velvet spencer, and the silk handkerchief tied round her neck. I took hold of her by the arm and took her into a shop I told her that she had robbed me; she denied it, excepting the clothes that were on her back. She could not deny that they were mine. I was positive they were mine before I laid hold of her. She said that she knew the things were mine, if I was the person that belonged to the room. I sent for a constable; Mr. Westwood came and took charge of her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WESTWOOD
               



            . I am a patrol of Bow-street. I was sent for to take charge of this woman. The clothes that she had on were claimed by Mrs. Jackson. I searched the prisoner; I found a small box with a duplicate of a pair of stays. The stays were delivered to me by the duplicate. Mrs. Jackson claimed the stays. The prisoner then told me that she had pledged the watch in Watling-street. She took me to the pawnbroker's shop, and Mrs. Jackson claimed the watch. The prisoner then told me that she had sold the other things in Play-house-yard. She took me to Mrs. Price's. There I found some petticoats, a gown, a pair of breeches; they were all claimed by Mrs. Jackson.


                  SARAH 
                  PRICE
               



            . I keep a clothes shop, No. 18, Play-house-yard. On the 14th of November, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner sold me two white petticoats, a gown, and three napkins, and a pair of breeches. I asked her if they were her own. She said, no, they were a young woman's clothes that died in the Hospital of a bad knee. I gave her four shillings for them, and when Mr. Westwood came I instantly showed the things.


                  RICHARD 
                  EASTON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker's servant to Mr. Watson, Watling-street. I produce a watch, pawned on the 14th of November, about four o'clock in the afternoon, for twelve shillings, I believe by the prisoner.
Prosecutrix. the watch and all the things are my husband's property.
Prisoner's Defence. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Searjent
