





402. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SQUIRES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of February
, one piece of leather, value 1 s. a work-box, value 10 s. and three steel spring purses, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary Ann 
                     Morgan
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  MARY 
                  ANN MORGAN
               



            . I live at 17, St. John-square, Clerkenwell


: I am a pocket-book maker
. The prisoner was my apprentice
. I had an order for some boxes. I called the prisoner down for the keys, and asked him if he had any more work-boxes than what I saw in the cutting room; he denied any more boxes in the house. I asked him whose box that was; Squires said, it was his box, it contained nothing but his clothes; I pulled out an old coat, and under that coat was a lady's work-box, half a skin of morrocco leather, and three steel spring purses. Squires said they were his master's property; he allowed it was a wrong place for it to be in. We went a little further, and between the sacking and the bed of an old bedstead I found five skins of leather, as we have them from the leather dresser at Bermondsey, and some pocket-books of a large size.


                  THOMAS 
                  THISSELTON
               



            . I am an officer. On Monday I went to Mrs. Morgan's; in the top shop I found a work-box, and three steel spring purses. I found five skins in a room where there were some property concealed, and on looking a little further, I found as many materials as would make twenty large gentlemen's pocket-books, ready cut up, secreted under some clean paper; in the top shop was this box, those purses; the leather I have kept locked up ever since. The next morning I went to the watchhouse, I said Squires, I have got a box out of your box; he said, I know you have. This is the box.
Prosecutrix. This is the same box I found in Squires box, it is my property, and all the property now produced is mine.
Prisoner's Defence. My master in his life time gave me that box to finish one month before he died; my master told me to put a top pocket to it, and to keep it till he called for it; that box had been in my box a month before my master died; I did not place it in my box with any intention to defraud my mistress of it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
