






546. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WITTAM
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     WITTAM
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of May
, five pair of gloves, value 5 s. three tippets, value 6 s. one pound weight of cotton, value 6 d. and a wrapper, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Webb
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HUTT
               



            . I am an officer. On the 10th of May, I and Limbrick searched the prisoner's lodgings; they went with us there to No. 5, New-rents, St. Martin's-le-grand. The prisoners knew what we went there for. They were then in custody for some fur skins on account of another robbery. We took Wittam to his house. I searched the lower part of the house; by the side of the mangle was a deal box, in the box were these goods, three tippets, seven pair of braces, and a pound weight of sewing cotton. While I was searching, I observed Mrs. Wittam go towards the fire-place; she was shuffling something in her pocket, and from her pocket I took these five pair of gloves out. I searched her all over. I asked Wittam how he came by this cotton; he said he bought it for his wife's use; the braces and tippets he had of his master. These other balls of cotton I found in the cupboard. I said his wife could not use so many balls of cotton. When Mrs. Wittam was at the bar of our office, as I passed by, she put a pound note in my hand, observing, do not say anything about the gloves. I produce the property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am a hosier, in Maiden-lane. The property produced by the officer are all mine.
Q. Did the prisoner's wife assist him in the warehouse - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  WITTAM
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            , aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SARAH WITTAM, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
