





355. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MARTIN
                  




               
             was indicted to 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of February
, a handkerchief, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of a certain person, to the jurors unknown.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LACK
               



            . I am a patrol of Bow-street.
Q. Now look at the prisoner and tell me whether you saw him on the 12th of February - A. Yes; the prisoner passed me two or three times. About a quarter before eleven I saw him in Bow-street, close to the theatre.
Q. Had you seen him before - A. I have seen him here before - A I saw him pick an elderly gentleman's pocket of this handkerchief; he was alone.
Q. This was the same evening that you found the other two men that you have given evidence about - A. Yes; the same evening. I followed the gentleman; after he got through the mob I said, sir, you have had your pocket picked; he said he was very sorry for it; he was in the habit of taking snuff. I let him go on. A little while afterwards there was a rush from the crowd, at the corner of the street. I saw part of a gentleman's handkerchief in his hand, he had not quite drawed it out. I took hold of him directly and told the gentleman to follow me; I searched him, I found a handkerchief in his breeches, one in his hat, and one in his coat pocket.
Q. Where did you find the handkerchief that you saw him take out of the gentleman's pocket - A. That was in his breeches. I secured him.
Q. You do not know who that gentleman was that he picked his pocket - A. No.
Q. How long had you seen him about the playhouse before you laid hold hold of him - A. About three quarters of an hour. I did not watch him so close as I did the others; I am positive of his person.
Prisoner. Which handkerchief was it you took out of my breeches - A. I cannot swear which of the two it was, it was one of these.
COURT. Which was the handkerchief that you saw him take from the gentleman - A. The plaid handkerchief.
Prisoner's Defence. My prosecution being closed I will take the liberty to state the exact case. I was taken in custody at the corner of Bow-street, and charged before the magistrate with picking a gentleman's pocket. Prior to his taking me to a public house he searched me, he found on my person three handkerchiefs, one in my hat, one in my pocket, and one in my breeches. Before the magistrate the officer stated that he saw me in the act of picking a gentleman's pocket; it is false, and had I been so doing, it would have been impossible for him to have seen it; it was a dark night, and the shops being all shut, how is it possible he could have seen it. My handkerchiefs being found in such a situation, I acknowledge it had some suspicion, but the reason of one being found in my breeches, from my infancy I have been afflicted with an incontinency of time, when I have not a convenience to go to a proper place. I do declare, solemnly, my innocence, and have no doubt but I shall find that justice from your lordship that my case merits. At the last Sessions I had several friends to speak to my character, who now are incapable of coming; one of them, by reason of sickness.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
