





501. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  DAVIS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 29th of May
, a watch, value 4 l. a gold seal, value 15 s. and a gold key, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Ashby
                  




               
            .
HENRY 
               
                  RABAN 
                  ASHBY
               



            . I am an apprentice to my father, 
               
                  Robert 
                  Ashby
               



            , he is an engraver
 in Lombard-street.
Q. When did you lose this - A. On Tuesday the 29th of May, by the New river at Islington


; my brother and me were washing. When I got out of the river, and was standing by my clothes three men came by the side of the river towards me; one of the men said, we will cut across to the Sluice House, and came directly by the side of my clothes and one of them took up a little dog that I had with me and run up the field with it; my brother ran after him and the two others were going up the field, and I grumbled about their touching the dog; they said let us go back and hit him; they came up to my clothes, I went past my clothes. The prisoner came as if to hit me; my brother said to me, have you lost any thing I put my watch to my hat; I looked in my hat and my watch was gone.
Q. You did not see any body take it did you - A. No.
Q. Did you ever see your watch again - A. No. The prisoner said, which of them took it, shall I run after them. I did not see either of them take it.
Q. Are you sure this is one of them - A. I am sure that he is the one that came to hit me.

Q. How was he taken afterwards - A. My brother ran after him and a man stopped him.
WILLIAM ASHBY. Q. You went to bathe with your brother - A. Yes. When my brother was going across the field I told him to put his watch seal in; he would not. I put my seal in, and when we got to the river I went in first; they did not offer to come to my clothes. When my brother went in he put his watch in his hat; when he came out of the river there were three of them came across; there was no foot path where our clothes were; one of them said, let us go to the Sluice House, and another took up the dog; I went after him to get the dog; after I had got the dog the prisoner came up to my brother and offered to strike him, the third one took the watch out of his hat, while the prisoner was with my brother; I saw him take it out of the hat. The prisoner stood a little while, and said, which is the one that took the watch; he ran up to Highbury-barn, and the others ran to Cannonbury-house, I pursued the prisoner, he was stopped by the ostler at Highbury-barn; a gentleman took him down to the Cock at Islington; he winked to one of the other men that was in Islington, and they run away.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to bathe, there were two young men going forward, they said they were going to bathe; I went with them; they said they were going towards the Sluice House; this young lad said he had lost his watch, I asked him who had got it, and I pursued him.



               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
