





758. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DENNY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of May
, a silk pocket handkerchief, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert Newlove 
                           Harab
                        




                     
                  , privately from his person
            .
SECOND COUNT. The same as the first, only stating it to be stolen from some person unknown.


                  GEORGE 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . I am an officer belonging to Bow-street office. On the 12th of May, about nine in the evening, I observed the prisoner at the bar going towards Charing Cross, near St. Martin's Church


. I saw him following a gentleman about one hundred yards, and then he turned after a gentleman, whose name I afterwards found to be Haram. He passed him, and touched it; he then put his hand in, 
               drew
             a silk handkerchief from him, wiped his mouth with it, and then put it into his side pocket. I immediately ran across the way and seized him. I tapped the gentleman on the shoulder and told him the circumstance; and he said he just wanted his handkerchief, and missed it. He said the handkerchief was his, in the presence of the prisoner. The gentleman gave me his card, which was, Captain 
               Haram
            , No. 84, Bloomsbury Square; and he said he would wait at Bow-street the next morning; but he did not. On enquiring at No. 34, Bloomsbury Square, I was told he was an India Captain
, and had been obliged to sail. The gentleman told me he did not intend to prosecute. I have kept the handkerchief ever since, and here it is.



               GUILTY
            , aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
