





360. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LEWIS
                  , alias 
DAVIS




            , was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        George Wilford 
                        Bulkeley
                     




                  , esq.
 about the hour of twelve in the night of the 24th of February
, with intent to steal, and for burglariously stealing therein, two hundred bottles of port wine, value 40l.
             his property.
MR. GEORGE BULKELEY. The house which was broked open, was No. 10, Great Tichfield-street


, from which my father had removed, without any intention of returning; every thing was removed except the wine, part of which was sold.


                  SARAH 
                  GRINAWAY
               



            . I am a servant belonging to Mr. Bulkeley. I went to the empty house in Titchfield-street about half past five in the evening of the 24th of February, I secured the house, and it was all safe; this was on Saturday. On my going to the house on the Sunday evening following, and putting the key to the key hole, two pieces of whalebone flew out of the key hole; I found, on unlocking the door. that it was only on the spring, and not double locked as I had left it; I found the latch held up by a piece of white paper doubled up under it; I went and told my master; and on further examination, we found some papers removed in the hall; the cellar door broken open, and a great deal of wine gone.
RICHARD MICHAEL CONNELL. I am a watchman, On the night of Saturday, the 24th of February, going my rounds in Castle-street, I fell in with my partner, and we met the prisoner in Castle-street, near Oxford-road, not a quarter of a mile from Titchfield-street, and coming in a direction from Mr. Bulkeley's when we met him, he crossed the road, and we followed him; we found seven bottles of wine on him, four in a pair of canvass braces and bags, and the other three in his smock frock, which was turned up at the bottom, and tied round him. We asked him what he had there several times, and he would not answer; and I put my hand into his breast, and pulled out a bottle of wine. We took him to the watchhouse.
SAMUEL WILLIAM PYALL. I was constable of the night, and took the wine from the prisoner; I found these braces and bags clung across his shoulders.
GUILTY,
Of 


               stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Wood
               



            .
