








88. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PRIESTLEY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GOULDING
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PRICE
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of January
, seven gallons of wine, value 7 l. and fifteen bottles, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Ingall
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Mann
                  



               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  MANN
               



            . I am a wine merchant

; my partner's name is Charles Ingall, our wine vaults is in Union-court, Queen-street, Cheapside


.
Q. On Saturday the 4th of January at what time on that day were you last in these wine vaults - A. About six o'clock in the evening; I believe I was the last person there. I saw two men examine the locks, the patrol was there; I told him to keep a sharp look out; I examined the place, and the locks of the door were on a patent lock and a padlock. In consequence of information on Sunday morning I went again to the cellar about eight o'clock; Mr. Smith and Lucas came to me when I came to the cellar door the bar was broken off, and the lock was gone; I went into the cellar; in the inner cellar there were eighteen bottles standing empty, they contained port wine before. The corks were then wet with wine. I examined the corks, our names were upon them from the impression of a seal which I have in my pocket, they were close to the bin. I examined the bin, there were six hundred and twenty-seven in the bin, and the mark outside was six hundred and forty-five, exactly eighteen deficient. The first bin was as if something fresh had been taken from it, by the sawdust; that was another bin, there was a deficiency of fifteen in that bin.
COURT. Did you look round your cellar and find anything there - A. We found a bladder by the bin where the eighteen bottles had been taken; this is the bladder. I went to Mr. Betts', Mr. Lucas produced some bottles.
Mr. Gleed. When you returned on the Sunday morning did you find any lock there - A. No, the hasp was broken off, no lock could be affixed to it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am the cellar man of Messrs. Ingall and Mann. About a quarter before six I locked up the cellar door, the bottles then were in the bins none were standing about; I went again on the Sunday morning about half after eight; I examined the bins and found a deficiency of eighteen in one, I examined the other and found a deficiency of fifteen.
Q. What did you find in the cellar out of the bins - A. Eighteen empty bottles, and the corks lying by them. The corks had been drawn by a cork-screw. I examined the corks, they belonged to Messrs. Ingall and Mann.
Q. Who had the key of the cellar - A. It was locked up in the accompting house.


                  PHILIP 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I keep a cook's shop, 15, Miles's-lane, Cannon-street.
Q. In the beginning of this month did either of the prisoners come to your house - A. Goulding and Robinson came to my house about ten o'clock on the 4th of this month, they asked meif I would buy any wine, they said they were going to work in the evening, they should either get some wine or spirits, if they could get it at the shop they had picked out it would be port wine; if not, they could not tell what it would be. I was to give them ten shillings a gallon for port wine, rum thirteen shillings, brandy one pound. They went away saying that they should be back early in the evening, before the watch came on; they said they were going to meet Price. As soon as they were gone I went to Mr. Lucas, I communicated to him all that had taken place; I made an appointment to meet them at Mr. Betts's house at the bottom of Miles's-lane at five o'clock in the the afternoon.
Q. Now before this appointment did you go any where that afternoon - A. I went to the sign of the Crocked Billet, Rosemary-lane, where I knew these men used to resort: I first met Goulding there, Robinsonand Price came there a little afterwards; they then told me to make haste home, or else they should be gone, and have committed the robbery, and be at my house before I was ready for it. I immediately went to Mr. Betts and acquainted him, and then I went home to my own house.
Q. How soon did either of the prisoners come to yon - A. About seven. Then Goulding, Price, and Robinson came saying that they had been to try the shop, but the patrol and people were so much about they could not get in. They asked me if I would let them leave the tools till the next morning; I consented; two iron crows, a small lanthorn, a padlock and key, and various bladders. They said they should come for their tools in the morning, as soon as the watchmen went off.
Q. Did you take the tools down to Mr. Betts - A. I did, on the over night, and he took them up stairs; I received them back from Mr. Betts, and took them home I was desired to put them in the same place again. This was Saturday the 4th; on the next morning about six o'clock, just as the watchmen went off, Robinson, Goulding, and Price came for their tools; they said, we are very near to our time, are not we; I said, yes, you are exactly. I particularly observed Goulding putting the crow up his coat sleeve with the other part in his hand; when they went away they said they should be back in half an hour or rather better. When they were gone I informed Mr. Betts.
Q. How soon afterwards did you see either of the prisoners - A. About twenty minutes before seven o'clock all four prisoners came in loaded. I had not seen Priestly before. They all came in. I had left the door a-jar, it was shut, but not locked or latched. They gave a knock, and shoved it right in. They said, we have not been long about the business; no, said I, you have been very quick indeed. Robinson had a long bladder full; he put it down in the middle of the floor, and then turned out of my house to go back again; Price, Goulding, and Priestly were in the shop having bottles with them; I said, take them down in the cellar; they were just beginning to take them down stairs when somebody knocked at the door. They took the bottles down in the cellar and began to break them as fast as they could. I opened the door, in came Mr. Smith, and I believe Mr. Drinkall, they had got Robinson with them.
Q. Then Mr. Smith and Drinkall brought Robinson in your house in custody - A. They did, Robinson sat down in a chair; he began to unload himself of bladders, and different things, and he flung a cork in the fire. I saw no more, I was kept as a prisoner in the shop.
Q. How many rooms have you in the house - A. Four rooms and a cellar. I have two men and their wives lodge in the house.
Mr. Alley. What way of life are you in - A. I keep a cook's shop, and I have an income from the army.
Q. Have you not applied to be a police officer - A. No.
Q. Upon you oath have not you applied to be a police officer - A. I might have applied for such a thing, but I did not get it.
Q. I hope you never will. How long have you been acquainted with these men - A. I might have seen them most likely three or four years. I have seen them driving carts.
Q. Upon your oath have not you been intimate and well known by them for the last four years - A. Most likely I have seen them and talked with them; I never drank with them until these two months.
Q. But two months you have known them well - A. They have come and offered me things to sell that I would not accept of.
Q. It is a strange thing these two men strangers to you should come to you and tell you they were going to commit a robbery - A. They were not strangers to me.
Q. You had only known them intimately two months - A. If you will give me leave I can speak as well as you. These men used the Crooked Billet in Johnson's change, Rosemary-lane.
Q. That is the house I was coming to. They asked you where they could sell things that were stolen - A. I suppose so, that is a month ago.
Q. I take it for granted you took them in custody A. No, I did not.
Q. Have you not been accused of having some deals - A. Never in my life, nor for any thing out of the way.
Q. You say that these men told you their story and they left with you them wicked implements - A. Yes. I thought it was my duty to expose them.
Q. Certainly, it is the duty of an honest man. Who proposed to leave the door a-jar - A. The men proposed to me to leave it ready for them, and therefore I left it a-jar.
Q. These goods were found in your premises - A. Yes, and they were meant to be so.


                  MATTHIAS 
                  PRIME LUCAS
               



            . Q. You are one of Common Council-men of Tower Ward - A. I am.
Q. Had you associated yourself with other gentlemen to protect the Ward. I had. In consequence of information I had received, all of which I communicated to the magistrate, I associated with the gentlemen of the Ward for the purposes of detecting robberies that were about to be committed.
Q. When did you see Thompson, the last witness - A. Some days previous to the robbery, and I saw Thompson on the morning of the 4th; on Saturday evening we assembled by appointment at Mr. Betts's house, shortly after sun-set; I, Mr. Drinkall, Mr, Skipper, Mr. Smith, 
               
                  William 
                  Pope
               



             my foreman, and another person; we were there on Saturday the 4th of January, at five o'clock in the evening; we waited there some time, and then Mr. Betts produced a blue and white handkerchief containing two house-breakers crows, a dark lanthorn, a padlock and key, and a number of empty bladders: after myself and the gentlemen that were with me looked at them they were returned to Mr. Betts, and took them away; a part of us staid all night, and the rest that retreated came there at four o'clock on the Sunday morning, I went there between three and four on the Sunday morning. I then agreed with the gentlemen there, to station a person at the top of Miles's-lane, Connon-street; Mr. Smith was stationed at the end of Crooked-lane, thatis connected with Miles's-lane; after I had stationed them there, I stationed myself between Thompson's house and Mr. Betts's house, in Lower Thames-street, a few yards of it; our object was to notice the persons we suspected going to Thompsons' house in the morning. I waited thereabouts till near six o'clock in the morning, I then heard some men talking loud, and on getting nearer to them they were coming from Lower Thames-street into Upper Thames-street. I walked on the opposite side of the of the way, rather behind them untill they turned up Miles's-lane; I observed them go to Thompson's house, as near as possible six o'clock the Bridge-ward watchmen were crying past six o'clock, five or six of them. These men passed through talking loud, I drew back from Miles's-lane a few yards, expecting that when they came out of Miles's-lane they would come out towards Lower Thames-street; I waited a minute or two, and returned to Miles's-lane, and concluded from the appearance of Thompson's house that the men had left it, I instantly went to Mr. Betts, there I saw Thompson, and ascertained that the men had got their tools and had gone to work.
Q. How many men did you observe go to Thompson's - A. Three men went to the door, and I believe they all went in; we called in the two men that were stationed; after they had left Miles's-lane I found that they had gone westward and seperated ourselves into two parties and determined to search all the vaults or cellers west of Miles's Lane, under the apprehension of detecting the parties, I was not successful in the pursuit; I went to Mr. Betts's, and when I went to Miles-lane, I there found the other party at Thompson's house with 
               Robinson
             the prisoner in custody waiting for our assistance to search the house. I immediately entered the house with the two men I had with me; and proceeded to search it; we had been informed that they had been smashing wine in the celler, we proceeded there, I found a quantity of bottles of wine that appeared to be recently broken, part of them in the blue and white handkerchief that I had seen at Mr. Betts the evening before; the wine running from the bottles in a puddle, I found this crow near the bottles, which I recollected to be one of the crows I had seen the evening before. I found a dark lanthorn with a wax candle in it, which is the one I had seen before, the candle had been burnt down to about an inch and a half; we found one whole bottle of wine and six broken bottles with the corks intire sealed; we only found seven bottles there, we then went up stairs into the one pair of stairs bed room over the shop, it is a single house, only one room on a floor. There was a man there nearly undressed and his wife likewise, he appeared very much alarmed, we found no other person there; then we went into the two pair of stairs, there we saw Mrs. Hill and her husband and some person covered up under the bed clothes that turned out to be Priestly, I knew him again; Priestly was desired to dress himself; the man and his wife were up half dressed and half undressed. Priestly dressed himself, his shoes were wet with fresh mud, his coat did not appear to be wet; Priestly went out and was taken by the person at the door. I heard the cry of stop thief, I ran down stairs and saw him brought back, he was the same man I saw in bed. We then went up into the upper room, and there was Goulding and Price, they were completely undressed in bed, they had got handkerchiefs tied round their heads instead of night-caps; they rubbed their eyes and pretended not to know what was the matter. Mr. Smith who was with me they knew; one of them said Oh, Mr. Smith, what is the matter? and rubbed his eyes as if just awake; from that circumstance I began to doubt whether they were really the men that we were looking after, but on finding there were no other bed in the room, and a woman's apparel on the bed, and understanding that was the bed of Thomson and wife we told them to dress themselves; when they had dressed themselves I searched Price, and found a bladder in his pocket: their clothes were wet and drops of rain on their hats, I thought Price's hands smelt of port wine. They was taken down stairs; we sent the four prisoners off to the Compter with part of our party. I immediately found from the seals on the bottles that the wine stolen must belong to Messrs. Ingall and Mann, I knew that Mr. Mann resided at the Three Cranes wharf: we found out a vault belonging to him under a meeting in Union-court, Queen-street; we having assertainted that that vault was broken open, the lock was broken off. I desired my man to wait there untill I went with Mr. Smith to Mr. Mann's house, and desire him to come or send his cellar man to see if that vault was in the state that they left it in on the Saturday night; these are the bottles that I took with me; I mentioned that Priestly's coat was dry. After Priestly was brought back Mr. Hill gave me this coat, it was very wet and an oil skin was there of his hat, under the chair. Thompson told me Robinson throwed a cock in the fire, we took it out and throwed it in water, it was so hot.
Mr. Mann. The impression on the bottles is the impression of the seal I have in my pocket now.
Mr. Lucas. There were six bottles found up stairs.
MR. SKIPPER. Q. You are one of the common council-men of Tower-ward - A. Yes.
Q. About a quarter before seven were you one of the party who were in Miles's-lane - A. I was. The first of my seeing the parties was in Thames-street, four in number; I heard a talking; I saw four men drawing towards Miles's-lane; I concluded that they must be men that we were in search of; I immediately crossed the street with my friends; I believe I was nearer to him than any of the party that were following them, and I saw four men distinctly go into the house of Thompson. Robinson, the moment he was inside of the door, he came out again immediately; I said to Mr. Drinkall, that is one of them, lay hold of him, he was seized immediately by Drinkall; I immediately went to the door, but the door was shut; we knocked at the door, after a moments pause Thompson opened the door; these men that were in doors, hearing so much noise outside, we heard a great noise inside, they were rushing about to get out of the way; I said, one mind the door and another the cellar, and just as I was watching the cellar Priestly I believe rushed up at the cellar; I said immediatelyif you come there again I will run the sword into you. He rushed at the bars of the cellar like a mad cat; he heard what I said, and went back. The other party not coming up so soon as we expected we agreed to remain at the door untill they came. When they came Mr. Lucas and several of the gentlemen went in to search; Mr. Drinkall said, here is a pistol here, (he saw it on the chimney-piece), and said, take that out of the way; he called me to take it away; while I was in that situation I heard a noise in the passage, I turned round and saw Priestly going out of the door; I immediately followed him and told Mr. Betts to cut him down; I ran after him and never lost sight of him, only at the turnings of several streets; I brought him back; I am sure he is the same man.
Q. Did you find any bladder of wine - A. When Mr. Drinkall called to me to take the pistol he said he might as well search Robinson; I saw Robinson remove a bladder under the seat, and I saw a large bladder full of wine in the shop, and seven bottles of wine in the shop; the bottles were full and whole and corked.
Q. Had you seen the lanthorn and the crow the night before at Mr. Betts's - A. I did, and I have no doubt they are the same by the appearance of them; I had them in my hand.
Mr. Mann. Them seven bottles are mine also.


                  ROBERT 
                  SMITH
               



            . Q. Where you at the house of Mr. Betts Saturday evening the 4th of January - A. I was.
Q. Did you see any things produced by him to you - A. I saw the implements of housebreaking, a lock and key, and a bladder, with the two crows in a blue and white handkerchief; I took notice of this small crow so as to be able to recollect it at this moment; I saw the same crow found in Thompson's cellar; I knew it to be the same I had seen before.
MR. DRINKALL. Q. You had heard the evidence of the other gentlemen - A. I have, I have nothing to add. These are the two bladders I found under Robinson, and several corks; I took this knife and cork screw out of Robinson's pocket, and one upon Goulding.
MR. BETTS. Q. Did you receive on Saturday the 4th the implements of housebreaking from Thompson return them to him after you had shewed them - A. I did.
- HILL. I am a printer. I lodged at Thompson's. On Sunday the 5th of January I was alarmed by a noise in the room between six and seven o'clock, Priestly knocked at the door, and begged to be admitted said he was a friend of Mr. Thompson's. My wife opened the door, he came in, and set himself down in a chair, two more came in immediately, which I supposed to be two of the gentlemen that came to take him; I catched hold of Priestly, I said, here is one; he begged of me, for God's sake, to let him go to bed, which I refused; he said, if he was taken it would cost him his life. I immediately said, get a light; Priestly undressed himself and got into bed, the other two left the room, and went to Thompson's room; Priestly went into bed, he was the man that was afterwards taken. That great coat I found behind one of the chairs after they were taken away.
Q. Whose great coat was that - A. It was not in my room when I went to bed. It did not belong to me.
Q. Had the prisoner a great coat on when he came into the room - A. It was not light enough for me to observe.
Priestly's Defence. I know nothing about what is alledged against me.
Robinson's Defence. I do not know any thing about it at all.
Goulding's Defence. I am innocent of what I am accused of.
Price's Defence. The same.
PRIESTLY - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 33.
ROBINSON - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 37.
GOULDING - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 34.
PRICE - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 36.







               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
