






1384. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JOHNSTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of July
, one set of fire-irons, value 16s., and 2lbs of nails, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Younie
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  REID
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton-garden. Mr. Younie desired me to watch his premises. On the 14th of July, at half-past six o'clock in the morning, I placed myself in a house opposite-after I had been there sometime I saw the prisoner, Johnston, go by; in about five minutes after Sullivan went into the house by a little gateway, and opened the front shop door; he took down the door shutter, and kept looking up and down the street, he nodded his head, and Johnston immediately came up with an empty bag under his arm, and went into the shop, Sullivan came and talked to him; I saw him go to the back-shop and deliver something to Johnston. Johnston came out, I followed him, and asked him what he had got in his bag - I found a set of fire-irons in it - He begged for mercy - He threw the nails out of his pocket. While I was examining the bag I told him not to throw any more away. I found another parcel of nails when I took Sullivan - He begged for mercy, and resisted very much.
MR. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  YOUNIE
               



            . I am an ironmonger, and live in Theobald's-road; the fire-irons are my property. Sullivan lived two years with me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
SULLIVAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
JOHNSTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 62.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
