





977. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for a misdemeanor
            .


                     WILLIAM 
                     SYKES
                  



               
            . I am a silk manufacturer

; I live Milk-street, Cheapside


; 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Parsons
                  



               
             is my partner. On the 1st of February, in the early part of the day, the prisoner came to my warehouse; he stated that he was sent by 
               
                  Robert 
                  Jupp
               



            , New Bond-street, for a piece of black twilled sarcenet; he represented himself as the servant to Mr. Jupp.
Q. What is Mr. Jupp - A. A haberdasher; he had been a customer in a house in which I had been a partner recently. I was perfectly known to Mr. Jupp. He said, that he was sent for a piece of black twilled sarcenet; he afterwards stated that he wanted a shot sarcenet, and produced a pattern of a coloured shot sarcenet; he had accordingly fifteen yards and a half cut off the piece, that was about three pounds twelve shillings and four-pence. He had a whole piece of black twilled sarcenet. In the afternoon of that day he brought back the piece, stating that only thirty-five yards and a half were wanting of it; the thirty-five yards and a half were cut off; the amount of that is eleven pounds and odd; he took it with him.
Q. You did not know the prisoner before, did you - A. His person was familiar to me; he lived in the neighboured; I had no reason to doubt at that moment but that he came from the person as stated.
Q. Did you ever receive the value for these - A. Not a farthing; I neither got the property or the value; I was totally defrauded of them all.


                  ROBERT 
                  JUPP
               



            . I am an haberdasher; I live in New Bond-street.
Q. Do you know the person of the prisoner - A. I do; he lived servant
 with me near about thirteen years ago; I have never employed him since; I never gave him authority to go to the house of Messrs. Sykes and Co. in London; nor had I ever such articles of him as he is indicted for; I am not a customer to Messrs. Sykes and Co.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing whatever of the charge that is brought against me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
