





856. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     OAKLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of August
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           M'Ritchie
                        




                     
                  , fifty 1 l. bank-notes, his property
            .
JOHN M'RITCHIE. I am a navigator in the Prince Regent's park
. On the 29th of August I had been up all the over night. Coming home between four and five in the morning I met with a gentleman that I owed some money to. I said if he would stop at the public-house I would go home, fetch the money, and pay him. I paid him, and I had fifty one-pound notes over in my pocket; and after parting with him the prisoner, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Oakley
               



            , asked me to drink with him. I told him that I did not know him. He said he had wrought many a day with me at the East India dock. I sat down and drank with him, and having some drink the over night I fell asleep alongside of him. I stopped all day with Oakley at the public-house; at night my wife and a friend fetched me home. I was not sober when they fetched me home. The next morning I missed my bundle of notes. It was in a bundle as it came from the Bank.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . I am an officer. On Monday the 30th of August I received private information that the prisoner was shewing a great number of notes; it was strongly suspected that he had stolen them. I went to the Roebuck public-house, Mill-bank


; I found the prisoner there sleeping on one of the benches outside of the door. I took him in the house and searched him; I found five one-pound notes in his breeches pocket, and four watches, and some silver. I then took him to Tothill-fields bridewell. In the jail I again searched him, and in the lining of his waistcoat I found thirty-one pounds more in one-pound bank notes. They are nearly following numbers. These are the notes. I asked him how he came by the notes; he told me they were from his hard earnings; he had been down in Lincolnshire. The notes are all dated the 9th of August. He told me where he had bought the watches. I went to the house where he told me in Moorfields; I found he had bought them with one pound notes. I advertised the notes; Mr. M'Ritchie came forward and owned them.
Prosecutor. These are the notes that I received from Mr. Mackintosh's clerk on the Saturday night. They are the same numbers and the same notes, all of them.


                  ANN 
                  M'RITCHIE
               



            . I am the wife of John M'Ritchie. I went to fetch my husband home. I am quite sure the the prisoner was in the public-house when I took my husband away.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
