





764. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     THAKES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of September
, seventy three pounds weight of lead, value 20 s.
             the property of the 
               
Grand Junction Water-works Company




            . And
TWO OTHER COUNTS the same as the former, only varying the manner of charging them.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I am a wharfinger, I live at the Stone pipe company's wharf, Paddington


.
Q. When did you lose this lead - A. On Saturday the 7th of September. This man was at work with seven or eight more men. The prisoner was a labourer
. About seven o'clock, or a little after, I paid the men and I was sitting in the house by myself; afterwards in about an hour a friend of mine came, I went out with him; I saw the prisoner come out from behind the watch-box where he had no business to be; he said master, I have lost my money; I said, have you, Robert, that is a bad job; the prisoner followed us to the wharf gate; I went on. In about five minutes I went back again, I had suspicion. When I had got in the wharf gate I saw this man coming on with this lead; I called 
               
                  John 
                  Riley
               



            , and we followed the prisonerinto the Edgware-road. He put the lead down about ten yards from Loyd's house, we passed him and stopped; he picked up the lead and took it into Loyd's house; I went and asked him what he had got there; he said nothing, and ran out of the house. Riley catched him, he then said that the man told him he would give him three half-pence a pound if he would bring any lead to him.
MR. PEAKE. Q. What are you - A. I am, called wharfinger or foreman, I am appointed by Mr. Hill. The water work company are chartered, I have the Act of Parliament in my pocket.
Q. Did you see any thing about him or upon him while he was in the wharf - A No, but about twenty yards off; it turned out to be lead, and I saw him go into the house and put it down, and I missed a fig of lead, I know the shape and size of it; here is a man that will swear to it.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
