





55. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MEAD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of November
, one piece of printed cotton, containing twenty-eight yards, value 19 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Blackmore
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Allen 
                     Lambert
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BLACKMORE
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  Allen 
                  Lambert
               



            ; we live in Friday-street, and are wholesale linen-drapers

. On the 12th of November, about twelve o'clock in the morning, as I was sitting in the counting-house, which is about twelve yards from the door, a person opened the warehouse door, and I heard the bell ring; I saw a boy's face, he offered apples to sell; I said I wanted none - nobody was in the warehouse. He pressed me to buy some, but I gave him a sharp denial, and he went away immediately. Next day a person brought a piece of cotton to me, and I then missed it - it has my private mark on it, and contains twenty-eight yards. I do not know that the prisoner is the boy.


                  CHARLES 
                  STAPLES
               



            . I am a constable, On the 12th of November, about twelve o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner alone in Little Bell-alley, London-wall - he had nothing with him then that I could see; I knew him. He saw me looking at him, and instantly ran away - he knew I was a constable before. I went across Moorfields after him, took him at the corner of Catherine-wheel-alley, and told him that I believed him to be a thief. At that time he had a rough great coat on, and the piece of printed cotton buttoned up under his coat. I went to different warehouses, and found the prosecutor, who claimed it. The prisoner said he picked it up in Moorfields.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I picked it up in Moorfields.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
