





1235. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     FREKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of September
, 4 s. 1 1/2 d. in monies numbered
            , the monies of 
               
                  Harry 
                  Barratt
               




            .


                  HARRY 
                  BARRATT
               



            . I keep the Anchor Brewhouse
, in Old-street


, the prisoner worked in the brewhouse
. On Thursday, the 16th of September, between nine and ten o'clock at night, I marked the money in my till in the counting-house, and locked it. Between four and five o'clock in the morning I was called up - the prisoner was asleep in the hayloft. I counted the money, and missed 6 s. 8 d.; the till had been opened by a false key. I went and asked him for the silver and copper; he said
"What silver? I have got none." I said,
"It is no use to deny it - give it to me directly." He said he had no money, and where could he get any? I searched his jacket-pockets, but found none, and thought I was mistaken. Mr. Hoffman felt his breeches-pocket, and found some halfpence and three marked shillings.


                  JOHN 
                  HOFFMAN
               



            . I am a brewer. I saw the money marked in the till, and counted it. I had sent the prisoner home to Mile End about seven o'clock - he was not to come again till next day. About twelve o'clock I found him in the counting-house, apparently asleep. I asked him what business he had there at that time? he said his father abused him, and sent him from home. I told him to go and sleep in the hayloft. I had the gates locked to prevent his going out. I examined the till - it was all correct then. I locked it, and put the key into my pocket. At five o'clock I went to the counting-house again, and found 5 s. and some copper gone - I called Mr. Barratt. We found the prisoner asleep in the hayloft; he denied having any, and told us to search him. I drew out some copper, among which was a marked shilling. I thought I felt more silver, and found two others marked - he had 10 1/2 d. in copper.
Prisoner's Defence. My master paid me the copper. Hoffman used to send me out with silver - I paid the people in copper, and kept the silver.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
