






68. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JONES
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of November
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Offord
                        




                     
                  , twelve 1l. bank notes, his property
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  OFFORD
               



            . I have been a seafaringman
; I live in King-street, Rotherhithe. I had been drinking at a great many public-houses, and crossed the water at about eight o'clock; I had twelve one-pound bank notes, a quantity of silver, and a duplicate of a watch wrapped up in the notes. Coming along just at Ratcliffe Highway


, and at the corner, I saw the two prisoners, and they happened to speak to me, and one of them asked me if I would go home with her. I went home with one, only the tall one; the other left us when we went into the room. I fell a sleep, and when I wakened in about an hour, and found myself in darkness; she was gone; I found my trowsers in the middle of the floor, and my notes gone. She came in the next morning; I told her if she would give me half of my money, I would say no more about it. Before she came in, I had had in the watchman to overhaul her box; and when I made this offer to her, she said she would, if I would give her the duplicates which the watchman took out of her box.


                  MARGARET 
                  HAGGARTY
               



            . On the morning of the 14th of November, the prisoner Johnson, came into my room for a kettle of water, and I saw seven one-pound notes in her lap, and she was very much in liquor.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILLANS
               



            . I am an officer of Shadwell. I took both these women into custody. I searched them; but found nothing on them. None of the property has been recovered.
JOHNSON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JONES, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
