






12. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     MARTIN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     MALLARD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of November
, a watch, value 2 l. and a watch-key, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Brown
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .



                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a clerk in an attorney's office
. I lost me watch at about half past twelve at night in Shoe-lane


. I met the prisoner against St. Andrew's watchhouse. The prisoner Mallard caught hold of me by the arm; she wanted me to go with her to a house in Shoe-lane. I told her I could not conveniently go with her. She had then hold of my arm; she dragged me towards the end of Shoe-lane, and the other prisoner followed. The watchman was going the half hour after twelve. I told them I could not go with them; then the watchman coming at the time, was the consequence of my walking up Shoe-lane with them. When we stopped I told Mallard I had no money in my pocket, it was useless to stop me. She shook my pocket, and said, here is some halfpence here in your inside waistcoat pocket, give me them to get something to drink; and while I was feeling for them, I gave her three halfpence. I felt my watch drawn out of my fob. I immediately charged Mallard with taking my watch, and that he had given it to the other girl; that moment I charged her with it. I saw her shuffle her hands to the other prisoner, who was standing on her left-hand side. I insisted upon her giving me the watch, or she should go to the watch-house. She said she had not got it. I was confident she had. I took hold of the prisoner's hands; the other prisoner, which I supposed had got it. She said, Oh God, you have dropped it. I said, it was not likely I should drop the watch, I never dropped a watch for seven years. She said, go back and search for it. I said I would not go back, without they both went back with me. I saw the prisoner which I supposed had got the watch stoop and look down an area. They did not find the watch. I gave charge of them to the watchman; they were taken to the watchhouse, and there searched; the watch was not found on them. The constable went out to look for the watch, and found it in a hole in the wall where we had been standing; he found it in the hole in the wall by taking a brick out of the wall.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am the constable. I am the man that found the watch. In consequence of the charge being brought into the watchhouse, I searched the prisoners, I did not find the property on them. I then enquired of the prosecutor where he was robbed of his watch; he told me the place; I took the watchman along with me, and searched for it; I found it in a hole in the wall, where a brick had had been taken out; I brought it back to the watchhouse; this is the watch.
Prosecutor. That is my watch.
JURY, Were you sober? - A. Yes, as I am now.
Martin's Defence I was standing three or four yards off; I never saw the watch till I saw it in the watchhouse.
Mallard's Defence. I never saw the watch till I saw it in the watchhouse.
MARTIN 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.
MADLARD 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
