





89. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of November
, a watch, value 3l. two seals, value 2l. one watch-key, value 1s. one handkerchief, value 10s. and one pair of braces, value 1s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Titmar
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  TITMAR
               



            . On the night of the 11th of November, I was locked out of my masters house, and was walking down Drury-lane, between twelve and one, when the prisoner accosted me, and I went home with her to Charles-street, Drury-lane


. I went to bed with her, and fell asleep immediately, and never awoke until about half past five in the morning. I put my hand on the table to feel for my watch, where I had left it, and found it was gone. I then got up, and felt about for my clothes, and I found them all safe except my braces. I found twenty shillings were gone out of my left hand waistcoat pocket. I then went to the door, and found it fastened outside. I knew what sort of a neighbourhood I was in, and did not like to make a noise. When it was light, a man came and let me out, and I asked him if he knew anything about the woman, and he said no.


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARD WILSON
               



            . The last witness came to me, in company with Parsons, and informed me that he had been robbed of his watch, chain, seals, handkerchief, and braces. I went to the prisoner's lodgings, and knocked at the door, but she refused me admittance; and I told her who I was; I told her I should break open the door, if she did not; and I did break open the door, and she was lying on the bed in her clothes. Between the sacking and the bed. I found this pair of braces. I then told her I must search her person, and on searching it, I found this handkerchief tied round her body, under her clothes.



               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
