






238. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     PRESCOT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of December
, two sheets, value 10s.; one gown, value 10s.; one coat, value 30s.; one waistcoat, value 10s.; and one pair of pantaloons, value 12s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Fitch
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house, of 
                     
                        William 
                        Fitch
                     



.
JOHN FITCH. I live in Edgeware-road


, William Fitch rents the house. The things were taken from my room, about five o'clock in the afternoon, of the 7th of December; the sheets, coat, waistcoat, and pantaloons, are mine; the gown is my mother's; they were taken from the second pair of stairs room.
GEORGE FLINT. I am a pawn-broker, and live in Edgeware-road, about two o'clcok in the afternoon, of the 7th of December; I saw the prisoner walking with two others, and watched them; I lost them, and when I got to Fitch's house; I saw the prisoner with one of the others, come down Mr. Fitch's steps with a bundle; I stopped the prisoner, and asked him, what he was going to do with it - He said, do you suppose I am a thief. I told him, I did - He said, he was going to take it to his uncle's. My nephew was with me, I gave the prisoner into his charge, while I went to the house to give information; the prisoner threw down the bundle, and resisted a great deal, and got away; I secured him again before he got out of my sight.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOODBURY
               



            . I took the prisoner into custody.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A man gave me the bundle to carry.
GUILTY. Aged 13.
Of 


               Stealing, to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
