





1105. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HEATH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of August
, one pocket-book, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Pigget
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
GEORGE PARRY. I live in Wood-street, Cheapside, and am a cooper. I know Mr. Piggot very well - He is now in France. On the 22d of August, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was with him, at Holborn-bridge, going into the City - We were walking arm in arm; Thompson came up, and asked if we had lost any thing? we each felt our pockets, and said we had not. Thompson produced a pocket-book, which I knew to he Mr. Piggots, I had seen him put it into his pocket about an hour before-Mr. Piggot claimed it when he saw it. The prisoner was then in custody. I never saw him before.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am constable of St. Sepulchre's. On the 22d of August, I was going up Holborn, on the opposite side to the prosecutor, and saw the prisoner, in company with two others, on Holborn-hill


 - I watched them; they all three went and sat on the steps of St. Andrew's church. Mr. Piggot and Mr. Parry passed them arm in arm; they got up immediately. One of them went up, and appeared to be trying their pockets. The prisoner and the other were about two yards behind; the other immediately left and joined them. They whispered together, and went up to the gentlemen again-the prisoner and the other appeared to be covering the first, who put his hand into Mr. Pigot's pocket, took something out, and handed it to the prisoner, who made a motion as if he put it under his waistcoat, and immediately crossed over. I seized him, and said, "You have robbed the gentleman," and asked him what he had got, whether it was a handkerchief, or what? he said he had nothing. I pulled him towards the gentlemen, and asked them if they had lost any thing? They at first said they had not. I requested them to feel again. I found the pocket-book in the prisoner's breeches-it only contained memorandums and a passport.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I picked it up, and asked who it belonged to.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
