






566. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BALL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  ELIYABETH 
                  FOGG
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of June
, a watch, value 20 s. a metal chain, value 2 s. a metal seal, value 2 s. a key, value 6 d. a pocket book, value 2 s. and a 2 l. bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harris
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a seafaring man
, I met the two prisoners on the 24th of June, between five and six o'clock in the evening, at the London Dock. We came together from the London Dock in a coach, the coachman drove us to Bishopgate Street, I paid the fare and discharged the coachman. The women went into a house and called me up to have tea. We all three were in one room, I staid there a quarter of an hour, my watch was on a chair, I had a reason for it, I was very warm, I pulled off my coat and put it on the chair, over the watch. There was a bed in the room.
Q. Then I need not ask you what reason there was for it. - A. When I took up the coat my watch was not there, and both the women went out of the room, my pocket book was in my coat pocket, that also was gone.
Q. While you were on the bed which of the women were with you. - 
               A. Ann Ball
            . They both went out of the room together.
Q. Did you examine the chair for your watch and pocket book before they went out of the room. - A. Yes, I said to the prisoners
"my property is gone and I would mark the house if they did not let me have the property. I saw no more of them afterwards.
Q. Had you given them any thing before they left the room. - A. I gave a crown piece to Fogg to get tea.
Q. After they quitted the room how long was it before you saw them again. - A. I believe it was the third day that I saw them in custody. I am quite certain to their persons, and that they were the two women that were with me.
Q. Did you ever find your pocket book again, or your watch. - A. I have seen the watch, it is pawned. The watch was produced before the Lord Mayor.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SHEPPARD
               



            . I am an officer. On the 24th of June I saw the prosecutor in Bishopgate Street, he said he had been robbed down that street, which is Skinner Street, it leads to Angel Alley, he had lost his watch and pocket book containing a two pound bank note. He was sober, and from his description of the persons I apprehended Ball on the same evening, a little before ten o'clock, I told her what I apprehended her for, she said she knew nothing about it. On the Wednesday the prosecutor saw her coming out of the Poultry Compter, at that time the other woman was in custody, he declared they were the two women that robbed him, I searched Ball, I found a duplicate of awatch pawned on the 24th of June, for thirteen shillings, in the name of Cox, pawned at No. 30, Barbican; I took the prosecutor to the pawnbrokers, he saw the watch, and claimed it.
Q. Had it the seal and key to it. - A. Neither, they were gone.
Q. Did you know her person before. - A. Yes, and what way of life she was in.


                  THOMAS 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended Fogg on the same evening, about a quarter past ten; I found nothing on her respecting this charge, I told her what I apprehended her for, she said she was innocent.
Q. Were you present when they were being conveyed to the Mansion House. - A. I was; the prosecutor declared they were the two women.


                  ROBERT 
                  UPSELL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker's journeyman, at Mr. Williams's, 30, Barbican. On the 24th of June I took in a silver watch of a woman in the name of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Cox
               



            , I advanced thirteen shillings upon it, between seven and eight in the evening, it was not pawned by either of the two prisoners, I know the woman that pawned it, I have not seen her since.
The Watch produced and identified.
Ball's Defence. On Monday morning I went to Fleet Market to purchase a flat of cherries; I returned home early in the afternoon, and took two shillings with me, and coming across Finsbury Square about five o'clock in the afternoon, I met a middle aged woman, she asked me to buy a duplicate of a watch, she asked a shilling for it, she said she was in distress, I gave her a shilling and took the duplicate, she said it was her husband's, after that I was turning the corner of Skinner Street, the officer told me he wanted me, he took me to the watchhouse, and searched me, and found the duplicate; I am unacquainted with the charge that is alledged against me.
Fogg's Defence. I get my living by selling fruit in the street. I went to Newgate Market for a round of strawberries, I employed a porter to take them to Bartholomew Lane, I continued there till the evening, on my going home I was taken in Bishopgate Street; I am innocent of the charge alledged against me, not having been near the prosecutor.
BALL, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FOGG, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
