





682. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of June
, two hundred pounds weight of lead, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Gillam
                     




                  , affixed to a building of his
            .


                  JAMES 
                  GILLAM
               



            . I was in the country, and when I returned, the lead was gone.


                  JOHN 
                  POULTER
               



            . I am foreman of the pot-ash manufactory. On the 10th of June as I was coming across the common near Bow, between two and three in the morning, Thomas Wright and another man came out of a field in the road, towards the end of a foot-path; they were crossing into a field from the foot-path. We passed them. I said, what have you been at that way; one of them made answer, we have just laid her in a ditch. We walked on about about twenty yards. I had a suspicion that they had been breaking a fence, or something of that sort; and then they returned, and went over the same railings as when we passed them. The prisoner was knocking of some wood, as I thought; I said, you are pretty fellows breaking a fence, and when we came to them, the prisoner was beating something; I found it was lead. The man that was with me, saw the other man burying some lead. The prisoner made off. I took up this heavy piece of lead that he was knocking together. I said, he shall not go off so, I would take him if possible. I pursued the prisoner, and Smith that was with me; we took Thomas Wright; we brought the prisoner back, and took him to the watchhouse, and afterwards we took all the lead to the watchhouse. I said, this lead must have come off Mr. Gillman's premises. The prisoner said he knew nothing of it. I saw where the lead came from


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a labourer. I was coming home at the time with Poulter. I saw them coming over the gate; I asked them what they had been at; they said, they had left her in the ditch. Then we went away about twenty yards; I came back, and looked over the bank of the field. The other man saw me looking over; he said, there is somebody looking over; he then ran away. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wright
               



             threw down the lead; then he ran away. We went to see what they had got there; we found it was lead; I looked round, and found a great many pieces. I heard a knocking; I saw the prisoner hammering the lead together; the other man was covering it over in a ditch, close by, and as soon as we found where the lead was, we put it altogether. I ran after 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wright
               



            ; we took this man, the other escaped. The prisoner asked me what I was going to do with him; I told him, to take him to the watch-house; I did.


                  JOHN 
                  WHEEL
               



            . I am an officer. I received this lead at the watchhouse. I took the lead to Mr. Gillam's premises, and compared it. By the thickness of the the lead, and by the holdfasts on the shed, and by the marks on the lead of the holdfasts, I have no doubt it came off Mr. Gillam's shed.
Prosecutor. I only know we missed the lead in the morning.
Wheel. I have been in the plumbering business. By the nail holes in the lead, and the wall hooks, it corresponds.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not steal the lead.



               GUILTY
            , aged 59.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
