






310. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TRUDGETT
                  



               
             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  DEARE
               




             were again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of January
, a curricle, value 30l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Steel
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  STEEL
               



            . The prisoners as I have stated before, were both my servants

. On the 20th of October, I ordered Trudgett, my head hostler, to take the curricle and three horses to Tattersall's, at the top of Bond-street, to be sold; there was a harness and all complete. The horses would not fetch the price, and they were bought in; the curricle was not sold, and it was left at Tattersall's; the horses were brought away; one shilling and sixpence a week was to be paid for the curricle remaining there, as is customary. I saw the curricle when I took stock at Christmas time, two months after it went to Tattersall's. When the prisoners were taken into custody upon another charge, Deare told the officers he sold the curricle to a foreigner; I found no curricle at Tattersall's. I found the harness, the cushions, and the driving seat; they had been left there as security for the standing of the curricle. I had information from the officers where it was sold, and I went to Messrs. Page and Company, coach-makers, Margaret-street, Cavendish-square; I went over their premises, and found the curricle body there, hung upon a one horse chaise carriage; the wheels and axle-tree were my own; but new hung. I found the carriage taken to pieces, as if to be shortened, or as I suppose to be made more fashionable, for I had it many years. I claimed it as my property; I saw both the proprietors; it was then put out of the way. Mr. Page said he would send it; he did not send it; and the magistrate ordered him two or three times to send it, as did the grand jury; it is now down at the door, in its altered state; it is mine. I never authorised the prisoners to sell it; I had fixed a price upon it when I first sent it to Tattersall's, namely, fifty guineas.
JAMES TADLOW. I am clerk to Mr. Tattersall. I remember this curricle standing in our yard for a long time. Trudgett brought it in the first instance, there was a man with him, and three horses at the same time; the curricle and horses were put up in October, and the horses were bought in, and removed; but the curricle was left. After that, Deare brought an order from Trudgett, to deliver the curle to him; he left some part of the harness, the cushions, and the driving-seat, as security for the payment of the money due for its standing in our yard.


                  RICHARD 
                  PAGE
               



            . I am a coach-maker, in Margaret-street, Cavendish square. My partner's name is Messer. Deare came to us about December. and asked us if we wanted to buy a curricle. I went to Tattersall's, and saw it; it was booked there in the name of Trudgett; I asked Mr. Tattersall what it was booked at, and he told me ten pounds. Deare came in a day or two after, and asked me if I had looked at it, and I said, I had. He told me the barness, the cushions, the driving box, and the pole pieces, were not to be sold; with that, we told him we would give him four pounds for it; he said, we should have it, provided we paid the money for its having stood at Tattersall's; we told him we did not know how long it had stood there, and therefore we could not think of doing any thing of the kind. He then brought an order for us to fetch it from Tattersall's. We did not fetch it from Tattersall's, because we had not a horse. Deare brought it to us, and I paid him four pounds one shilling. We broke it up, and put the carriage on shafts, and on another carriage; it is down stairs.


                  George 
                  Steel
               



            . I have seen it down stairs, and it is the same body.
Deare's Defence. Read has got the order; I took it from Trudgett to Tattersall's, and brought him the money.
TRUGETT, 

               GUILTY
            .
DEARE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 36.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
