





433. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BUTLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of December
, eighty pound weight of mutton, value 2 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Woodhead
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Whitmore
                  



               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  WOODHEAD
               



            . I am a butcher

; I live in Tothill-street, Westminster


; my partner's name is 
               
                  Charles 
                  Whitmore
               



            .
Q. On the 21st of December last had you any sheep hanging up in your shop - A. Three dressed sheep hanged up outside of my shop. About a quarter before seven o'clock in the evening, a man came in the shop that wanted some beef steaks, and while I was cutting them he informed me that an officer was gone to Queen-square with a carcase of a sheep that he had taken from a man. In consequence of that I turned round my head and missed one of my sheep; I went up to the Hoop and Grapes public house, and there I saw my carcase of mutton; I knew it to be my sheep by the score thatwe make through the spine in the fore quarter, I waited till the magistrate sat; Mr. Bly marked it and I was ordered to take the sheep home; my young man took it to the office the next day.


                  CHARLES 
                  COUSINS
               



            . I am a butcher; I work for the prosecutor. On the 21st of December three dressed sheep were hanging at my master's door; when I returned my master informed me one of the sheep had been taken away. The next morning I took the sheep up to Queen-square office, and that sheep I killed and dressed for my masters; I know it to be my masters property; I took the same sheep that was brought from the office; Mr. Bly put a mark on it; he shewed me the sheep.


                  JAMES 
                  BLY
               



            . I am an officer of Queen-square. On Wednesday before Christmas day, in the evening between six and seven o'clock. I was coming up Tothill-street, I saw a carcase of mutton on a man's back, and the person who had it turned up a street near the prosecutor's house; I followed the person that had the sheep. After walking about twenty yards I observed the prisoner to mend his pace; I kept the person in view for about four or five turnings, at last he ran with it, and I ran after him; then the person got into Duck-lane; at that time I did not know who it was. In Duck lane the person went into an entry with the sheep on his shoulder. At that time I might be the distance of twelve or fifteen yards; I ran up to the door and found the prisoner standing at the door as bold as could be; I am sure the prisoner is the man; I asked him what he had done with the mutton; he said, what mutton. I Immediately perceived the carcase of mutton close to his heels; I collared him with both my hands; I said, you rascal, you know I know you. I hold him and pulled him out of the house; there was a in the window nearly opposite, I pulled him towards that window as nigh as I could, in order that I might not be deceived in his person; I found he was too strong for me; he is a strong young man. I kept him in that state half a minute, in hopes of getting some person to assist me; it is a bad neighbourhood; I did not holl out, as it was likely I should get somebody to act to the contrary. I received a severe blow over the bridge on my nose the blow stunned me so that I was obliged to let the prisoner go; he ran away as fast as he could, I ran after him a little way and returned and secured the mutton. I took it to the public house; the Hoop and Grapes, Queen-square; Mr. Woodward came and claimed it; he swore to it before the magistrate, then I marked it. Cousins brought down the sheep the next morning.
Q. When did you see the prisoner again - A. I never saw him until he was apprehended at Banbury, and when I saw him I knew him to be the same man; I immediately charged him with this offence, among others; as soon as he saw me he called me by my name; he was put into my custody; I brought him to town. I saw him at Banbury on last Wednesday fortnight; I brought him to town on the Friday following.


                  MARY 
                  ANN
               



             LUSHINGTON. Q. Do you know the prisoner - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember his coming to your house in December a few days before Christmas - A. Yes; I believe on Wednesday, about seven o'clock in the evening. I was at a young woman's in Simon's Buildings, near Duck-lane, there came a great noise on the stairs; I opened the door; I saw the prisoner with his hands covered with blood; I said for God's sake, Jem Butler, what brought you in here; I asked him how he knew 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Taylor
               



             lived there; I was in 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Taylor
               



            's room; he said he did not know whose room it was, it was the first place he flew to for shelter; he said he had boned a sheep, and he had knocked down the bloody trap that was after him; I asked him what he did with the sheep; he said he threw it into a passage.
Prisoner's Defence. On Wednesday the 21st of December, I never saw Mr. Bly that day, nor was I in Tothill-street; I was at the Half Moon, Stratton-Ground, with some friends spending the evening; I never saw the witness Lushington in Simons's-buildings in my life; I never was there that night.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
