







46. 
               
                  GEGRGE WHITE 
                  COLEMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of September

, twenty-five reams of paper, value 40 l. and fourteen calf-skins. value 30 l.
             the property of 
               
                  James Fielding 
                  Street
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Street
               



            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STRATCH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GRIFFITHS
                  



               
             for 


               receiving the said goods, they knowing them to have been stolen
            ,


                  JAMES 
                  FIELDING STREET
               



            . I am in partnership with my brother, William, we are wholesale stationers

 in Bucklersbury



. I left the house for the purpose of going into the country on the 9th of September last. Coleman was my porter
. I left him as my porter, to open and shut the shop, and sweeping the warehouse out. I returned to town either on the 24th or 25th again. In consequence of information, I went to Mr. Rolley's, a bacon factor, in Wood-street, on the 26th of September; he accompanied me into his own loft; I found twenty five reams of paper there, overed over with hurdles, straw, and bagging; some of the reams of paper were in wrappers, the whole of it was concealed; not a ream to be seen, there were twelve reams of thick post five reams of large yellow wove post, and a ream of imperial, making altogether twenty-five reams of paper. I am certain I have missed as much again.
Q. Look at that paper, and say whether you believe it to be your's. - A. certainly I do.
Q. What is the value of the twenty-five reams altogether - A. About fifty pounds.


                  EDWARD 
                  HIXON
               



             I am a stationer; I live at 14, Lawrence-lane.
Q. On what day in October last did either of the prisoners come to you - A. Yes, the prisoner Griffiths came and brought a ream of thick yellow wove post on Wednesday, the 26th of October; this is the ream; he said he brought me that ream of paper to look at; a friend, an acquaintance of his, had a quantity to dispose of, if I would go and look at them. I asked if they were at his house; he lives in Phillip-lane, London-wall; he said no, they were at a warehouse just by, if I would go with him to the warehouse, he would shew them me. He said he did not know who they belonged to; he said the man took them for a bad debt; he said he did not understand the paper, if they were eggs, he could tell what to do with them. I said Griffiths, if it is not all right, it will not be worth your while to get into trouble for the sake of a few reams of paper; he said he knew nothing about it. I told him I could not go then, I would come on the next morning; on the next morning Iwent to Griffiths's house, No. 17, London-wall; Griffiths took me to Mr. Rolley's warehouse, a bacon factor, in Wood-street; we went into the yard; we saw the prisoner Stratch; Griffiths said to Stratch, this gentleman is come to look at the paper; we all three went into a two pair of stairs to a sort of a loft; which is over the yard that we entered by; the floor was covered with straw; Stratch pulled some wrappers or bags off a quantity of paper in the disordered state I saw it lay; I was convinced it was not come honestly by; I asked Stratch if it was his; he said no, it belonged to an acquaintance of his, he would be there presently; Coleman came in; soon after I asked Coleman if it was his property; he said yes; I then said, provided I buy it of you, you will deliver me a regular bill of parcels; he said yes, certainly. I asked him what he asked for it; I think he said forty pounds. I said that is too much; he then said thirty pounds. I said I would consider of it. I went to Mr. Street immediately afterwards and stated to him what I have seen; I consulted with him; we laid future arrangements. On that Griffiths called at my own house, at twelve o'clock; he said first, he thought I had not asked so many questions about the paper as I might have done. I told him that Coleman had promised to send me a regular bill of parcels, that was all I required; I asked him if he thought they would not take any thing less for it; he said he did not know, perhaps they might: he denied any interest in it himself whatever, he should not get any thing for his trouble.
THOMAS WHITE. I am an officer. On the 29th of October I went to Griffiths's house. I saw Griffiths there; I told him he must account for some paper that I understood had been stolen. At first he said he knew nothing of it. I told him he had offered some for sale, and from information it was stolen property; He said, he would take me to the man he had it of; he then took me to Mr. Rolley's yard; I saw Stratch there; I told Stratch I understood there was some paper there: he said, he knew nothing about it. I told him it was very strange that he should have property in his master's premises and not know any thing about it; Stratch is a servant to Mr. Rolley. He then said, there was some paper there, a man brought it there is a cart, he said he did not know the man. I told him he must give me a better account than that, or else I must take him in custody. Stratch then went with me to a public-house, a door or two from Mr. Rolley's warehouse; we had not been there half a minute before Coleman came in; Stratch said to Coleman, this man has come about the paper. Coleman turned very pale, and said in a faint voice, that he would tell me; he said, he had it from a man in the country, he did not know his name. I took the three prisoners into custody. I took the paper and skins out of Mr. Rolley's loft.


                  JOHN 
                  ROLLEY
               



            . I am a bacon-fastor; I live in Wood-street. Stratch was my porter.
Q. Do you remember Mr. Street coming to your premises - A. I do.
Q. Do you know of any paper being on you premises - A, Not at that time; the paper I found up in my store lost, it was perfectly unknown to me that such an articles was there.
Q. to Prosecutor. Look at that paper - A. I have examined the whole of the paper; most undoubtedly it is my property; it is worth seventy pounds.
COLEMAN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24.
STRATCH, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 34.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
GRIFFITHS, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
