






834. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WALLIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RANDALL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of September
, two brass cocks, value 4 s. a copper ball, value 6 d. and twenty-eight pounds weight of lead, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William Bowman 
                     Hornbuck
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOWMAN HORNBUCK
               



            . I live at No. 1, Sharpes-place, Bethnal-green


.
Q. Had you any parcel of lead stolen from your house at any time - A On Monday last, between four and five in the morning, I was in bed. I was alarmed by a knocking; I thought they were breaking into my house. I got out of bed, and saw the prisoners coming out of my shed. I knew them. I had seen them before. I dressed myself and went down to see what was gone. I perceived some leaden pipe cut off from the shed; it was affixed over all the water buts; it was taken away. The next morning, between eight and nine, I saw the lead again, and the prisoners were in custody.


                  JOHN 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am a patrol. About half past five I saw the prisoners in Hare-street-fields; I saw them with a bundle under their arms; I suspected them, and stopped them; I conveyed them to Whitechapel watchhouse I asked them what they had got; they said, they found the parcel. I examined the bundle at the watchhouse; it contained brass cocks and leaden pipe.
Prosecutor. They are all my property.
Wallis's Defence. In the morning, about five o'clock, I met Randall, and going to Hare-street-fields, we saw a parcel lay: we picked it up, and before we opened it the officer took us in custody.
Randall's Defence. I met Wallis; we picked these things up.
WALLIS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.
RANDALL, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
