






850. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     PALMER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     Mc PHERSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of September
, thirty-seven pound weight of tobacco, value 5 l. and seven bags, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Taddy
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Tomlin
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Hatfield
                  



               
            .



                  ALEXANDER 
                  HATFIELD
               



            . I am a tobacconist


. I live in the Minories


; my partners names are 
               
                  James 
                  Taddy
               



             and 
               
                  James 
                  Tomlin
               



            . The prisoner, Mc Pherson, was our private watchman
, a man that we put great trust in; the house and premises were uninhabited not being finished. The other prisoner, Palmer, was employed as an engine man
 in the business. In consequence of our having received a letter, I set the next witness to watch. I was there at the time the prisoner, Palmer, was taken with the tobacco upon him.


                  GEORGE 
                  FRIEND
               



            . I am an apprentice to James Tomlin. I was ordered by Mr. Hatfield to watch. I concealed myself in the top room of the private house; they could not see me, - I could see them. On the 12th of September, about nine o'clock at night, I saw 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Palmer
               



             and another man go up to the warehouse. There was a ladder standing in the yard, Palmer took it and put it up to the window. I saw him go up; I heard the window open, and saw him get in. As soon as he got in, I came down stairs; I stood between the house-door and the street-door, waiting for Palmer. While I was waiting there, 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Mc Pherson
               



             unlocked the door and came in.
Q. Unlocked what door - A. The street-door. I told him to walk out that I had caught him. He made excuse, that he went to get drink. I told him to wait until Mr. Hatfield came, and he would settle it. He then said he would not stay any longer, and ran away.
Q. You are sure he is the man - A. Yes; I ran after him and brought him back. Mr. Hatfield came up and took him to the watch-house. Then Kinnersley, the officer, came, and we searched the premises for Palmer. After we had searched for some time, we found Palmer in the dung-hole; he was sitting upon the bag of tobacco. That is all I know.
COURT. You say you saw Palmer and another man? who was that other man - A. I believe it to be Mc Pherson. No other man could get in the premises without him letting him in.
Q. No other man could get in the premises without Mc Pherson letting him in - A. No other man could get in the premises without Mc Pherson letting him in.
Q. You did not find a third person there, did you - A. No.
Mr. Knapp. Palmer was a servant, of course he had access to the premises - A. Not after the watchman came, without the watchman letting him in.
Q. At first you said Palmer and another man; you afterwards said that it was Mc Pherson - A. When I said Palmer and another man, I meant Mc Pherson. I knew Mc Pherson by his long coat.
Q. Upon your solemn oath, did you mean it was Mc Pherson - A. I did mean Mc Pherson, he opened the door by a key.
Q. He had the key by the authority of those that employed him - A. Yes. When I took Mc Pherson, he said he had been for some beer. I overtook him by the corner of Swan-street; he was running as fast as he could.


                  JOHN 
                  KINNERSLEY
               



            . I am an officer. From in formation that there were thieves in Mr. Faddy's warehouse, I went into the premises; we saw Palmer sitting on the tobacco bag. Palmer started up. Good God, Mr. Hatfield said, you are the last man that I suspected would have robbed me; who is concerned with you? I Palmer replied, there is nobody with me but Mc Pherson the watchman. We went to Mc Pherson's lodgings, we found 2 parcels of tobacco, and in Mc Pherson's box we found 3 bags that had been filled with tobacco. From there we went to Palmer's house, there we found 6 lb. weight of tobacco, and 7 bags with tobacco in them. Mc Pherson was taken to the watch-house by Forrester. Palmer told us where he lodged himself. I produce 7 bags found at Palmer's, and this 6 lb. weight of tobacco was found under Palmer's bed.
Q. to Mr. Hatfield. Are these bags yours - A. Yes, I believe them to be my own property, and the tobacco I believe to be mine.
Palmer's Defence. On Saturday I left work, about 7 o'clock. I had several pints of beer, and going by the dwelling-house where this watchman was, he asked me to have a drop of beer; he said come in, I went in the back yard to ease myself, and when I was going back I saw Mr. Friend. I thought he would be angry, seeing me on the premises. I went into the dung-hole to hide myself.
Mc Pherson's Defence. I am innocent of the charge I am here for.
Palmer called one witness who gave him a good character.
Mc Pherson called one witness who gave him a good character.
PALMER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 33.
Mc PHERSON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 46.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
