





8. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     GATER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of November
, twenty copper rivets, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Pontifex
                  




               
            .


                  EDMUND 
                  PONTIFEX
               



            . I am son to 
               
                  William 
                  Pontifex
               



            , he is a copper smith
 in Shoe-lane


. The prisoner was journeyman
 to my father.
Q. When did you lose these rivets - A. On Monday the 5th of November they were taken out of the factory by the prisoner, he had the rivets about him when I saw him; from information I came to the prisoner, I found him laying on his face upon the ground, the constable was sent for, and before the constable arrived the prisoner dropped some rivets from his bosom. When the constable came the prisoner took some more from his bosom, and put them on the ground. The constable took him to his house, and before he came back with the constable he dropped a false key that unlocked our warehouse door.


                  JONAS 
                  FRANCIS
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Pontifex, Shoe-lane. From information I watched Joseph Gater, he was in the passage, I saw one of the rivets stick out of his bosom, I said, Joe, what have you been at; I told my fellow apprentice to call master; he said, oh God, pray do not; master came to him; and sent for the constable; the constable came; 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Gater
               



             throwed the rivets out of his bosom, the constable weighed them. The rivets belonged to our factory.


                  SAMUEL 
                  GORDON
               



            . I am the last witness's fellow apprentice. On the 5th of November last at five o'clock, the prisoner was in our shop, I heard something drop from him, I said Joe, what is that, he said it was a little boy throwed something up the hill.
Q. What little boy - A. The foreman's boy; I said, Jem, to the boy, did you throw any thing up the hill; he answered, no, I told my fellow apprentice to look after him; I thought he had got something.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLINCO
               



            . I am an officer, I live in Fetter-lane. On the 5th of November, about five o'clock, I was sent for to Mr. Pontifex's, I saw the prisoner at the bar, he was in the act of taking out of his bosom the rivets, and throwing them on the ground; I weighed the rivets, they weighed thirty four-pound, the prisoner said he was a rogue, that was all he said; I believehe was in liquor.
Prisoner's Defence. I was very much intoxicated in liquor.



               GUILTY
            , aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr Recorder.
