





1260. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     WHEELER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of September
, one hog, price 4l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary Ann 
                     Goodchild
                  




               
            .
MRS. 
               
                  MARY 
                  ANN GOODCHILD
               



            . I am a single
 woman, and live in Park-place, Chelsea


. I had a hog, which was kept in my back yard.


                  SARAH 
                  WILKIE
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutrix. I put the hog in the stable at eight o'clock at night, and bolted the door inside, next morning at six I found the bolt forced, and the hog gone; in the afternoon it was brought home.


                  JOHN 
                  WHITLEY
               



            . I am watchman of Marylebone. On the 3d of September, about eight o'clock in the morning, I stopped the prisoner in the Bayswater-road, about a mile and a half from Tyburn turnpike, with three other persons; I followed them all the way to Tyburn, and then asked the prisoner if the hog was for sale? he said, No; and that he was going to take it to his master's, who was a cowkeeper, at Islington - He would not tell his name; he said he brought it from Acton, but he could not tell who from. I followed him to St. George's-market; he was driving the hog, the others were with him. I ran towards the watch-house to get assistance, and saw him turn down Wigmore-street. I met two watchmen, and asked them to assist, which they refused. The serjeant of the watch-house went with me, and took the prisoner and hog, the others ran away. The prisoner said none of them were with him when he got the hog.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMECROFT
               



            . I am sergeant of the watch-house. Whitley pointed the prisoner out to me, he was driving the hog - I secured him, he resisted very much.
Prisoner's-Defence. I overtook two men, who asked me to drive it to Islington.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
