





199. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BOWERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Barber
                        




                     
                  , in the King's highway, on the 31st January
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, a watch, value 3l. his property
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BARBER
               



            . I am servant
 to Major Willis, and I went into a public house with my brother, and we had a glass of liquor a-piece at the bar. As we came out of the house the prisoner followed us; and as I crossed the road in Wentworth-street


 to go to another public-house, my watch was drawn out of my fob by the prisoner at the bar. I was standing still just at the moment, with my hands in my breeches pocket, speaking to my brother who was standing in front of me, and the prisoner came on my right hand. WhenI missed my watch the prisoner ran away with it. I did not do any thing. I stood still in the street until my brother ran after him, and sang out, stop thief!


                  THOMAS 
                  BARBER
               



            . I am the brother of the last witness. I had seen the prisoner with a good many with him, but he was not sitting at all in our company in the public-house. As we came out several followed us. We crossed over the way, and we were standing at the other side when they came up to us. The prisoner came by my brother's side, and snatched the watch out of his pocket. I ran after the prisoner immediately, and halloed Stop thief! The man who came up to us with the prisoner ran after me. I had the prisoner in my view all the time I was running after me. There might be about four or five come up to me. I did not see or hear the prisoner speak to any of them. I caught the prisoner, and called the watch. The watch has never been recovered.


                  RICHARD 
                  NUTTER
               



            . I am a watchman. I stpped the prisoner, hearing the cry of stop thief, and seeing him running; it was on the 31st of January last. The prisoner said he had not got the watch, and I might search him if I pleased. I did felt the outsides of his pockets; but could not feel any thing."I took him to the watch-house, where he was searched; but nothing found on him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LOCKE
               



            . I am headborough of the parish of Christ Church. On the night of the 31st of January, the prisoner was brought to the watchhouse on a charge of robbing 
               
                  John 
                  Barber
               



             of his watch. I searched him; but could find nothing of the kind about him. There are bars looking into the street in the place where we locked him up, and the next day. I heard a cry of "Jack, Jack, twice;" it proceeded from the street, and then I heard the same person say "have you got the watch; the prisoner replied no; but somebody else (whose name he pronounced so low that I could not hear it.) had got it; but if he went to Mr. Spooner's who occupied a chandler's shop, nearly opposite the Star in Wentworth-street, where the robbery was committed, and see Mr. Spooner, to tell him if inquiries should be made about him, to say, that he had worked for him, and had not left his work five minutes at the time.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. No one heard this conversation but myself.
GUILTY, aged 22.




               Of stealig from the person, but not of the assault
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
