





1571. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HOWARD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of October
, 6s. in monies numbered
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Easton
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  EASTON
               



            . I keep a chandler's-shop
. On the 14th of October, about eight o'clock in the evening, while I was at supper I saw the prisoner in the shop, leaning over the counter, at the till. I ran into the shop, he was then standing upright, and asked if I sold pigtail tobacco? I said No. He then asked for a quarter of an ounce of returns, and threw down 6d. for it. I went to give him change, and found the till was not quite close, and there was only two shillings and two sixpences left. My wife said she had taken none out. I had been to it just before, there was then several shillings and sixpences in it. I sent for an officer, who searched the prisoner, and found four shillings and three sixpences on him.
THOMAS HART. I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody at the prosecutor's house, and found four shillings and three sixpences in his fob. He said he earned it at work, but could not tell where he worked.


                  MARY 
                  ANN EASTON
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. There was 9s. in the till, in sixpences and shillings, before the prisoner came in. He left two shillings and two sixpences in one corner of the till. Four shillings and three sixpences were found on him, and sixpence he paid for the tobacco, makes that amount. He had been to the shop two days before. I am certain there was exactly 9s. in the till. I think I know one of the shillings by its being black.
Prisoner's Defence. A man sent me for the tobacco. I earned the money at work.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
