





820. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     JOAKESCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 15th of October
, two coats, value 24 s. a hat, value 4 s.; a pair of pantaloons, value 5 s.; a waistcoat, value 4 s.; a handkerchief, value 1 s.; a night cap, value 3 d.; and a doubloon, value 1 l. 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Butler
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I am a publican
, in the parish of St. Paul, Shadwell


; on Sunday night, the 14th of October, the prisoner came into my house as a seafaring man
, and asked for a lodging, I let him have a lodging in the one pair of stairs room.
Q. Had you any clothes in the room - A. Yes, in a chest; the chest was locked, nobody slept in the room but him, he came down on the next morning at six o'clock, I opened my bed room door and spoke to him, he answered very low, and let himself out; there were only three bolts to the door, he paid for his lodging on the overnight, and desired to be called at five o'clock. I told him that was too soon, this was on Monday morning; I did not go into his bed-room till the Tuesday; I observed the lack of the chest had been forced; I missed two coats worth thirty shillings, a pair of pantaloons worth five shillings a neck handkerchief one shilling, two waistcoats four or five shillings, and a new hat that was worth a guinea. The hat was in the room where the prisoner slept, and all the other articles were in the chest; on Tuesday the 16th, in company with the officer, I found the prisoner at the gate of the London docks, I charged him with taking these things, he made a strong resistance, and tried to escape, we prevented him, he said he was very sorry, he would go on board a man of war; I found my new hat on his head, and my pantaloons, and one of my white waistcoats, and the coats he said he had sold to Moses.


                  BARNET 
                  MOSES
               



            . Do you know the person of the prisoner - A. Yes; on Monday the 15th, I bought two coats of him, the officer came on the Wednesday afterwards, I delivered him the coats, my shop is in East Smithfield.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer; I apprehended the prisoner, I took the hat off his head, we went to Moses, he produced the coats.
GUILTY, aged 44,




               Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings only
            .




               Transported for Seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury before Mr. Common Serjeant.
