





1426. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September
, one pocket-book, value 1 s.; 16 s., in monies numbered; thirty-three 1 l. Bank notes, and one bill of exchange for payment of 33 l. 16 s. 6 d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Hutchinson
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  HUTCHINSON
               



            . I am a currier
, and live in Frith-street, Soho. On the 27th of September I gave the prisoner (who had been my porter
 for two months), my pocket-book, which had a bill for 33 l. 16 s. 6 d., drawn by Sir 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Mausten
               



             on Messrs. Hoares. I sent him about four o'clock to receive the money for the bill - he absconded. I found him in custody by an advertisement, offering a reward.
Q. The pocket-book had only the bill in it - A. Only the bill, my Lord. I told him to put the notes that he received for the bill into the pocket-book. I had him taken a fortnight or three weeks after.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DODD
               



            . I am cashier to Messrs. Hoares. On the 27th of September I paid the bill for 33 l. 16 s. 6 d.; the prisoner wrote a receipt for it. I produce it.


                  ROBERT 
                  HUTCHINSON
               



             re-examined. It is the bill I sent him with. He went from my house alone; the receipt is in his name. I do not know that it is his handwriting.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRAIG
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner at the sign of the Bag of Nails, public-house, Pimlico, on the 9th of October, and told him I had taken him for robbing his master; he said he got into bad company, and lost the greatest part of the money that night, and that he was afraid to return. I found only 1 s. on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not intend to abscond. I met two or three lads, stopped with them, lost the money, and was afraid to go home.
COURT. The bill was not stolen, and as to the notes, they were embezzled. The only question relates to the pocket-book.
GUILTY. Aged 20.




               Of stealing the pocket-book only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
