





216. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     SIMMONDS
                  




               
             was indicted, for 


               stealing on the 2d of December
, twenty swords, value 20l; one fowling-piece, value 10l. 10s; ten other guns, value 20l.; and twenty pistols, value 20l., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Rea
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  REA
               



            . I live in the Minories


, and am a gun-maker
; there are lodgers in the house; none of my servants sleep there. About two o'clock in the afternoon of the 2d of December, I was in my shop, and saw about two hundred persons coming towards my house, they were then at Messrs. Randall's and Co. house: I got my shop shut up immediately, made the doors and windows fast, and went up and looked out of my garret-window, and saw a great mob in the street with muskets, pistols, &c. Randall and Co's is about one hundred yards from my house; they then came to my shop. I heard the windows broken in; I then got out at the top of the house, and through a neighbour's house, and went home. I returned at a little after three o'clock, and found my shop demolished; the windows and window frames broken. I had left my property in the shop. I found I had lost upwards of 1000l. worth of property; consisting of muskets, pistols, fowling-pieces, blunderbusses, and 7l. in notes, and 30s. in copper. The lodgers have the upper part of the house.
Prisoner. Did you see me there-A. I could not distinguish any man.


                  JOHN 
                  HALL
               



            , Esq. I am a merchant. On the 2d of December, I saw the mob in the Minories, they were employed in breaking Randall and Co's shop; there might be at that time about twelve or fifteen armed men. They afterwards went to Rae's shop; by that time they had collected to a larger number: they had fire-arms, and were firing them in the air. I saw the prisoner there: I at first saw him in the Minories with the mob at Randall's door; he had a sabre in his hand, and seemed very active. The noise was great, I could not hear him say any thing; he kept brandishing his sword, and making the various cuts of the broad sword exercise; he was within four feet of Mr. Rea's at the time they broke in. They at first broke in at the south window of the shop, got into the shop and took the arms, they afterwards attacked the back part of the house, the back window looks into the counting horse; there was four or five men with pickaxes, forcing the door, and endeavouring to gain admittance, after some trouble, they succeeded; the prisoner went with them, and brandished his sword, to keep persons off who might attempt to disturb them, some of them went in at the door; they were at Mr. Rae's house. about three quarters of an hour; they made a complete passage through the house, and took a great deal away, some of them came out at the part where the prisoner was, and brought cartouch-boxes, pistols, and other arms. The prisoner was certainly co-operating with those who went into the house.
Q. Were his actions such has to create terror to those in the house? - A. Certainly, they were; I heard him shout.
Q.PRISONER. Did you see me in the house? - A. No.
Q. Did you not ask me if I knew my broad-sword exercise? - A. No.
ABRAHAM SAMUEL. I am a City constable. I was opposite Mr. Rae's shop on the 2d of December, at the time the mob were taking arms. I saw the prisoner there; he had a broad cutlass in his hand, flourishing it about; he was close to the door when the mob were bringing the goods out of the shop. I saw him with his hands in the window handing out some pistols to the mob. I saw him harranguing the mob for half an hour; during the whole time he was the most active man among them.



                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a private in the Ist regiment of Life-guards. On the 2d of December, I was in the Minories, and saw a great mob there with arms, the prisoner was among them; I took the sword from him; he was at a little distance from Mr. Rae's; part of the mob were dispersed; he stood more bold than the rest, flourishing his sword; I demanded that he should lay his sword down; I struck him with the flat side of my sword, and he gave it up.


                  THOMAS 
                  BRANSCOMB
               



            . I am a City police-officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 10th of December, at Northfleet, in an outward-bound East Indiaman. Harrison was with me. I told him that I took him on suspicion of having a blunderbuss at the Mansion-house on the day of the riots; he said he was in the mob, but he had no blunderbuss.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in the Minories; there was a great crowd there; a man came up to me, and put the sword into my hand. I had drank half a pint of rum. I began to flourish it; I did not take any thing, nor was I in the shop. GUILTY. Aged 20.




               Of Stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Justice Borrough.
