





725. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DOLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of July
, fifty-six yards of printed cotton, value 11 l. forty-four yards of baize, value 35 s. twenty-six yards of bombazet, value 33 s. and one hundred and thirty yards of dimity, value 9 l. 6 s. ninety pocket-handkerchiefs, value 4 l. sixty-five yards of corderoy, value 5 l. twenty yards of check cloth, value 20 s. and two yards of canvas, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Pate
                  




               
            .
JOHN PATE. I am a carrier: the proprietor of the Cambridge waggon
.
Q. On Friday, the 5th of June last, did you see a bale put in your waggon, directed to J. Emson, Barkway - A. I saw it in the waggon at the Catherine Wheel inn, Bishopsgate-street, and I saw the waggon set off.


                  JOHN 
                  NORBURY
               



            . I am warehouseman to Messrs. Clarke, Boyds, and Marsh, Skinner-street. They are wholesale linen-drapers.
Q. Did you send a bale of goods to Mr. Emson, Barkways - A. Yes, I sent them. They consisted of dimities, printed cottons, and baize. I sent them by the Barkway waggon.
Q. Have you been shewn since a piece of dimity after the prisoner was apprehended - A. Yes, that was part of the dimity I had sold. I knew that was in the bale, by the private mark on it.


                  LEONARD 
                  BROOK
               



            . I am a porter to Messrs. Clark, Boyd, and Marsh. I packed the bale to go by the Barkway waggon. It was directed, J. Emson, Barkway. It contained dimities and sundry pieces of goods. I packed it on the 4th of June. The man that delivered it is not here.


                  PHILIP 
                  MABBOTT
               



            . I am a porter at the Catherine Wheel inn, Bishopsgate-street. The Barkway waggon inns there.
Q. What day did you put the truss in question in the Barkway waggon - A. I put it in the waggon on the 5th of June. It was directed, J. Emson, Barkway.
SEPTIMUS STEVENS. I am warehouseman to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Pedley
               



            , Union-row, in the city of London. On the 8th of June the prisoner brought two pieces of dimity. I bought them of him. I gave him ten-pence a yard for them. I afterwards sold them to a person at High Wickham. On the 15th of June, Armstrong and Norbury called at our house. I produced to Armstrong the dimity that I had bought of the prisoner.
Q. Then you were acquainted, for the first time, that the dimities had been stolen - A. Yes: and in consequence of directions I stopped the prisoner on the 15th of July; he came with a piece of calico, as a sample of twelve or thirteen pieces more. I desired the prisoner to bring the remainder by three o'clock. He came about half past three, and I gave him into Armstrong's custody. He told him that the two pieces I had bought of him were stolen, and I gave the two pieces of dimity into Armstrong's possession. I am sure that the two pieces of dimity I gave to Armstrong were the pieces I bought of the prisoner.


                  JOSHUA 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I am an officer. In consequence of information from Stevens, I went to Mr. Pedley's, in company with Norbury.
Q. Did the last witness deliver to you two pieces of dimity - A. He did.
Q. Upon the delivery of the pieces, how long after did the prisoner come in - A. About three quarters of an hour. I told the prisoner that they were the two pieces that he had sold to Mr. Stevens; they were stolen. I asked him, how he came by them. The pieces were then laying on a drawer. He said, he had bought them of a man of the name of O'Hara. I asked him, if he had any bill of them. He said, no; and if he knew where to find O'Hara. He said, no. I then told him, as the things were stolen we must take him to Worship-street office. I took him there, and the two pieces. I took the thirteen pieces I have now in court. I produce the two pieces of dimity.
- NORBURY. I can swear to one of the pieces of dimity, having my mark on it, and the other to the best of my belief. I am sure one of the pieces of dimity I sold to go to Mr. Emson. It is worth about three pounds.


                  JOHN 
                  EMSON
               



            . I live at Weldon. I have a shop at Barkway. I never received the truss that was to come by the Barkway waggon. It was lost.
Mr. 
               Alley, Q.
             to Mr. Pate. You are the man that drove that waggon, that night, to Ponder's End - A. No, I am not. I saw the waggon safe out of the yard, in the care of the waggoner. The waggoner is not here. I am sure it was safe in the waggon at five o'clock. I saw the chain over it in the waggon on the 5th of June Mr. Pedley's man brought it to me on the morning of the 9th.
Prisoner's Defence. I was at home, and in my own house at the time this robbery was committed. I am in the habit of buying goods, that I can get something on by commission.
JAMES SHEWSBRIDGE. I am a journeyman smith. I work for my brother. On the 5th of June last I went to the prisoner's house. I went there between five and six in the afternoon. My brother had an order to make him two racks, a trivet, and a spit. I carried the things to Doland's house. I found the prisoner in the front parlour. I presented the things to him. I fitted them. He said, sit down. I gave him the bill. The amount was three shillings and sixpence. This is the bill. He took a pipe and some porter. He asked me to take a pipe. I remained with him until eleven o'clock. He was not out of my sight five minutes.
Q. Where is the prisoner's house - A. No. 5, Domingo-street, Old-street.
Q. What day of the week was this - A. Friday, to the best of my belief.
COURT. How far is it from Domingo-street to Shoredith church - A.Seven or eight minutes walk.
Q. Then the prisoner might have been there, and returned home, before you went there.
The prisoner called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
