





454. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROSS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of January
, one silver spoon, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Mills
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  BULLOCK
               



            . I am an aprentice to 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Mills
               



            , who is a wine-merchant
, and lives in the New-road


. On Tuesday the 20th of January, about half-past five o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to the door, and asked if Mr. Mills was at home. I told him, yes; I asked him to wait in the counting-house while I went up to him. I asked his name; he said; no matter about my name; I was to tell Mr. Mills, a gentleman wanted him. When I got up about three steps, I remembered that Mr. Mills had told me, when I came up again, to bring some wafers, and returned for them. I had left a silver spoon in a glass on the shelf. When I returned to the counting-house, it dropped from behind the prisoner. I called Mr. Mills down, who asked what his business was, he gave two or three different names; Mr. Mills sent me for a constable. The prisoner said his name was 
               
                  William 
                  Ross
               



            , and then that it was Webb, a wine-merchant, in St. John-street; he was quite confused when my master came down; he had no business with the prisoner, I picked the spoon up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DREWETT
               



            . I am a constable; I was sent for and took the prisoner into custody; I found a Court Guide upon him.
Prisoner. 
               Q. 
            Was I not in liquor - 
               A. 
            He pretended to be so - I am sure he was not. I found a quantity of cards in his apartments, of several Lieutenants, Captains, and Lords.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner pleaded distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
