





1261. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     KNIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of August
, four spoons, value 10 s.; one pepper-box, value 15 s., and two salts, value 12 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Brown
                  




               
            .
REV. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am minister of Gibraltar Chapel
, Bethnal-green-road


. On the 28th of August my house was being painted outside, I lost this property.


                  JANE 
                  PERRY
               



            . I am servant to the Reverend
 William Brown On the 28th of August I was in the kitchen, a man came with an oil-can in his hand, and appeared to look in at the window - I supposed him to be the painter, and told him if he would knock at the door, somebody would let him in. He did not knock, but the dog barked, and my mistress's sister let him in - this was not the prisoner, but another man. I went up stairs, the prisoner was not in the passage then. I went away for two or three minutes; when I came back again the prisoner was in the passage. I followed him through the passage, and asked him to paint the window over again, as the cat had dirtied it, and my master would be very angry if he saw it - I left him, thinking he would paint it. In a few minutes I went into the kitchen, he was at the shutter. I asked him if he was going to paint it again? he said it was not quite dry. I left them, and went down to breakfast, expecting they would go on painting - they went away, and shut the door after them. The prisoner had a basket in his hand - I supposed they were connected together. I had left them in the passage, close to the parlour-door; the property was in the parlour closet. All the family were in the kitchen.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is one of them - A. I am.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. Q. Did you see them go out - A. Yes, I saw them through the kitchen window. They left together, and walked pretty fast up the walk. The property was safe half an hour before they came, and I missed it before anybody else came. The proper painters did not come that day.


                  ANN 
                  ALLMOND
               



            . I am the prosecutor's sister. I was in the parlour, cleaning some china, heard the dog bark, and went to the door; a tall man stood there with an oil-can in his hand; he asked if the parlour shutters were to be painted? I said I did not know. He said he would do a little about, and the other man would come soon. He began to rub the door. I went up stairs, came down, and told him the door was not to be painted yet, he said,
"Very well, I will wait for the other man." While I was absent he left the door - I saw him at the back window with a brush; I found the prisoner in the back kitchen, the other man must have let him in - I thought he was the right man who had been at work for us. My sister went to the back door, and told them they might paint the door if they liked. After that I sent the servant up, she found the door open; soon after I heard a great noise and the door shut. I saw the prisoner and the other man running up the walk - the prisoner had a basket in his hand.
JOHN BROWN. I came down stairs about ten minutes after eight o'clock, and saw two men in the stone kitchen; the prisoner was painting the window-frame - I know he was one of them.


                  JAMES 
                  KENNEDY
               



            . On the 28th of August I had information of Mr. Brown's robbery, and a description of the men, which induced me to think the prisoner was one of them. On the Saturday following I heard of another robbery of the same description, at Finsbury-square. On the 5th of September Gleed brought the prisoner, his brother, and two others to my house; the prosecutor's servant identified the prisoner as one of them. He began crying, and said to the others,
"You have brought me into pretty trouble."


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner with others.


                  JAMES 
                  SAUNDERS
               



            . I am a painter, and was employed to paint the prosecutor's house. I never sent the prisoner there - he never was in my employ.


                  JANE 
                  PERRY
               



             re-examined. They came between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, and left at half-past eight. We lost the articles stated in the indictment.
Prisoner's Defence. I have served fifteen months as a painter. My master had five houses to finish in Bethnal-green-road, he sent me there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
