







109. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     SHEEN
                  



               
            , & 
               
                  JAMES 
                  THOMPSON
               



            , were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Nichols
                     



                  , about six o'clock, on the night of the 10th of December

, with intent to steal, and stealing therein four China plates, value 40s.; one China jug, value 40s.; one tea-pot, value 2s.; one wash-hand bason, value 2s.; and one jug, value 2s.
            ; the goods of the said James Nichols; and 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     CARNEY
                  




               
            , for 


               feloniously receiving the same goods, on the same day, she well-knowing them to have been stolen
            .
JAMES NICHOLS. I live in Grosvenor-lane, Chelsea



; I keep the house; I lost my things on Wednesday, the 4th of December; I keep a shop
; it was dark; there was a light in the shop; it was about half past six o'clock; I closed the door of the shop; I am sure that I latched it. Nobody could come in, but by turning the latch. I found the door half open, a few minutes after, and the things gone. I went out and made an alarm. I saw the things, the same evening, at the prisoner's (Carney) house, in Strutton-ground, Westminster, who keeps a tripe-shop. Isaw the prisoner, Sheen, before I went to Carney's. The articles were worth 24l.
Cross-examined. The articles are worth more than I have stated.
Q. They have no intrinsic value; they sometimes sell for very little - 
               A. 
            Certainly, so.
WILLIAM MOUNTJOY. I live at Chelsea. I know the prisoners, Sheen and Thompson, by sight. I saw them, on Wednesday last, by Mr. Nichols's door; they were in company with another boy; I saw them first, about two hundred yards from Mr. Nichols's; the other boy joined them, and they went over to Mr. Nichols's; it was a little after six o'clock; it was dark; I saw no more of them.
Prisoner, THOMPSON. Q. Are you sure that you saw me there - A. I am not; but I am certain of Sheen.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILKIE
               



            . I am a gardner; I live in Field-row, Chelsea; I was at the King's Head, Field-row, which is about two hundred yards from Mr. Nichols's; the two prisoners, Sheen and Thompson, came by about a quarter before seven o'clock; I am sure it was them; they had something bulky in their aprons; there was another boy with them; they all had aprons. I could not see what they had got. I went round to another street, and heard that Mr. Nichols had lost his China. I told him what I had seen. I am sure the two male prisoners are the same that I saw. I know Sheen well. I am sure Thompson was one of them.
WILLIAM DAVIS. I live in Prince's-row, Chelsea. I know the prisoner, Sheen. I do not know Thompson. I saw 
               
                  David 
                  Davis
               



            , the prisoner, Sheen, and another boy, go by the King's Head; I was with Wilkie; Sheen and Davis had aprons on; they had something in them, but I do not know what.


                  JOHN 
                  ROPER
               



            . I was a sailor; I am now out of employ; I live with my father, in Queen-street, Chelsea. My father had sent me out, and I went past Mr. Nichols's house; I saw the prisoner, Sheen, and two others, Davis was one, standing opposite the door; I cannot speak as to the prisoner, Thompson. When I came back I saw them in the same place. I went home, and was sent out again; as I went past Nichols's, they were near the door; one was rather away from the other two; this was nearly ten minutes afterwards. I saw them again, rather further up the road. I went home, and had my tea, and went out again, and heard Mr. Nichols's house had been robbed. I told what I had seen. I saw the prisoner, Sheen, in custody, the same evening, and said, he was one; I also saw Davis, and said, he was one.


                  JAMES 
                  BLY
               



            . I am an officer of Queen-square Police-office; I took the prisoner Sheen, in New Pye-street, Westminster, between eight and nine o'clock on the Wednesday evening, Green was with me; I charged him with stealing the china; I had been informed of it by Nichols. Nichols had some boys with him to look for the prisoners, two of the witnesses were with him; soon afterwards I apprehended Davis. The prosecutor promised to forgive him, if he would say where the China was. I went, by his direction, to the house of Michael Carney, and found the prisoner, 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Carney
               



            , there, Nichols was with me; it was a dog's-meat shop. I told her I came for the China which the boys had brought there that evening, and for which she had paid 3s.6d., the said, she had none. I said, I would see; she then said, some boys had left some there, but she had not bought it; and that they were to call again in the morning for it. I went into a back-room, with Mr. Nichols, and found the articles mentioned in the indictment there. Mr. Nichols claimed them. I gave them to him; and we took them, with the prisoner, Carney, to a public-house, where we had left David Davis, and some other boys. I took her into the room to see if she saw any of the boys, who had brought the China; she came out, and said, she did not. I took her to Bridewell, and sent for the prisoner, Sheen; she charged him with being the boy; she said, she could swear to him.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. You asked her for the China, which she had bought - A. No; I said, I had come for the China, which she had given 3s.6d. for; she said, she had none. The things were on her table. She said, that they wanted 10s. 6d. for them, and were to call again, in the morning, and bring the top of the jar.
Q. When she saw the prisoner, Sheen, she knew him - A. She did. I did not suspect her before.
EDWARD GREEN. I am an officer. I was with Bly; we were on different sides of the way, in Pye-street; Sheen, Thompson, and Davis had got to the top of Pye-street. I caught hold of Thompson and Davis. Sheen was behind us; one of the boys said it was Sheen. I let go Thompson, and caught hold of Sheen. He said, he knew nothing about it, and that he had got them from Paddington. I did not say any thing to him about the robbery. I searched him, and found a 1s.6d. token. and 6d. on him. When the prisoner, Carney, came, she said, it was some of the money she had given him.
Prisoner, THOMPSON. Will you swear, that you laid hold of me-A. I will; I left him with one of the boys, and he ran away. He was taken the next morning. I am sure it was him, that I laid hold of.
JAMES BLY. I took the prisoner, Thompson, the next morning.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Sheen's Defence. I met a man, and he gave me a shilling to carry the things to Strutton-ground. He took them into the shop himself, and then came out and told me to come in, and say, that I belonged to him. I did; and the woman gave him 3s. 6d., and I was to eail for the 6d. in the morning, in part of my shilling. I was coming down Pye-street, and Green laid hold of me.
Thompson. I was in bed by six o'clock that night.
Carney's Defence. I had no intention of buying them. I told the boy to call when my husband was at home.


                  MICHAEL 
                  SHEEN
               



            . GUILTY. Aged 17.




               Of Stealing to the value of 39s. only; but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .


                  JAMES 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
ELIZA CARNEY. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
