







1162. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CUMMINGS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of August
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Walter 
                           King
                        




                     
                  , one watch, value 10 l.; one seal, value 15 s.; one key, value 1 d.; one walking cane, value 1 s.; one memorandum book, value 1 s., and two 10 l. and seven 1 l. bank notes his property
            .


                  WALTER 
                  KING
               



            . I am not in business at present. On the 17th of August, between twelve and one o'clock at night, I was in the neighbourhood of Moorfields


, verymuch intoxicated, the two female prisoners accosted me and asked for something to drink. I went into a public-house, and gave them something, then came out with them a very little way, and was jostled and hustled by them, and robbed of my watch and property. I recollect nothing more. They are the women I was in company with - all the property was safe at the public-house.


                  JOHN 
                  GIRTON
               



            . I am an officer. On the 17th of August, about half-past twelve o'clock at night, I was in Coleman-street, and saw the prosecutor going up to the top of Coleman-street, I saw Clark and Davis lay hold of him, and walk down the street with him. I followed them into the Swan, public-house, there, they came out again in about a quarter of an hour with him - one had hold of one arm, and the other hold of the other - he was quite intoxicated; they began to pull him from one side to the other; they went near to the corner of London-wall, by the china-shop, and stood there about a quarter of an hour with him, I then saw Davis cross the way towards the other corner, with a cane in her hand. I went by her, she was stooping, as if she was tying her shoe, I made the best of my way round by the Castle, at Moorgate, and saw Cummings in custody of a watchman, with the cane - we took him to the watch-house.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Will you swear it was the cane you saw in the girl's hand - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  MARKWELL
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prosecutor with the female prisoners - he was very much intoxicated. I thought all was not right, and followed them up Coleman-street. I saw them go into the Swan, and waited outside until they came out, while so waiting, I saw Cummings and another man walking backwards and forwards, which created my suspicion. I went in, and had a pint of porter, to see what they were about. Davis was sitting on his lap, Clark was not there then, she came in while I was drinking my beer. I came out, and found Girton and 
               
                  William 
                  Markwell
               



             on the watch outside - we stood on the opposite side; they came out, each had hold of his arm, walked towards London-wall, and stopped at the china-warehouse at the corner; during that time Cummings went past by himself, on the other side, and took his station about twenty yards down London-wall, where he could see them. Clark and Davis attempted to help the prosecutor to walk, but he fell down, Davis had the key in her hand. They tried to get him up, but could not; I went myself and helped him up, and asked if they belonged to him? they said Yes, they knew him very well, and were going home with him. I left them, and went through an alley into London-wall, towards where Cummings stood, and saw Davis give the cane to him - I never lost sight of her until she gave it him. I saw her go away from him, and return to the prosecutor and Clark - I passed them, but could not hear what they said. Cummings walked away, I laid hold of him. Girton came up, and we took him to the watch-house. We found nothing on him but the cane, which he said was his own. I left him with the officer. I heard the cry of Stop thief! ran up Little Moorfields, stopped Clark at the corner of Short-street, and saw the watch fall at her feet. My brother stopped her before I came up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARKWELL
               



            . I was with Girton, and saw the prosecutor come out of the Swan with the female prisoners, go up Coleman-street arm-in-arm, and stop at the corner - they seemed very busy about his person. Davis left him. I immediately went up Coleman-street-buildings into London-wall, and saw Cummings in custody. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw Davis and Clark run across Fore-street, up Little Moorfields. I went on the pavement, ran down Short-street, and took Clark, who was running. A scuffle ensued, and she dropped the watch. My brother took her to the watch-house. Davis was taken about twelve yards behind Clark, by Johnson, who picked up the watch.


                  CHARLES 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a watchman. I was on my beat; Cummings was secured by Markwell. Girton told me to look out a few minutes - after that I heard a cry of Stop thief! and ran up the Pavement to Short-street. Clark and Markwell were scuffling together - I saw her throw a watch out of her hand; it came against my feet. Davis was running away, I secured her also. The notes were never found.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
CUMMINGS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
