





748. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of April
, 56 lbs. of mutton, value 30 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Robbins
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBBINS
               



            . I am a butcher
, and live in High-street, Shadwell


. On the 24th of April, about a quarter before five o'clock in the morning, a young man, named 
               
                  James 
                  Stevens
               



            , knocked at my door, and informed me that my place was broken open. I ran down, found the door open, and missed a carcase of mutton - it was double-jointed all round, which was very remarkable - I never saw one like it before. I afterwards found the whole carcase cut up very badly, and can swear to it. I fitted the joints to it.


                  ROBERT 
                  HICKS
               



            . I am a patrol of Old Gravel-lane. On the 24th of April, about a quarter after four o'clock in the morning, I found the prisoner laying down in a twine-shed, with his head on a bag. I asked him what he was doing there? he said he had laid down to sleep. I asked him what he had got in his bag? he said it was some rags. I found there were two fore-quarters and four other pieces of mutton - he said he found it in the West India Docks.


                  JOHN 
                  PATERSON
               



            . I am a watchman. About a quarter after four o'clock in the morning of the 24th of April, Hicks brought the prisoner to me. I went into the shed, and found the hind part of the mutton hanging up about four yards from where he laid.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STEVENS
               



            . On the 24th of April, about a quarter before five o'clock in the morning, I was looking through the window, and saw the prosecutor's door open; I went down, found the staple had been drawn, and gave the alarm.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUMMERS
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house. I found two kidnies and a large spike nail on him, and two knives, one in each stocking - I also found some fat in a bag in his hat. The prosecutor saw the mutton, and compared it with one of the knuckles - it corresponded exactly; it was double-jointed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
