






479. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     CLEMENTS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LANE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of January
, one chaff-box, value 7 s.; one chaff-knife, value 3 s., and one truss of hay, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hammack
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Hammack
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HAMMACK
               



            . I am a carpenter and builder
, and am in partnership with my brother
 James; we live at Shadwell. The prisoner Lane had been my servant
, but was discharged. On the 16th of January, these things were stolen from the hay-loft.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am the prosecutors' servant. About half-past seven o'clock I saw the things safe in the loft - the gates were fastened. About ten o'clock I was sent for, found two trusses of hay gone, and the chaff-box moved away to the gate.
ELIZA WEEKS. I am the prosecutors' servant. About nine o'clock at night I was going down stairs, and heard a noise like persons attempting the gate. I went into the yard, and saw two men trying to open the large gates to get out with the things - they had got the little gate open, but it would not let the hay out; they were trying to force it out. When they saw me, one ran out, and shut the door; the other had a difficulty to open it, by which means I could see his face, and am certain it was Clements - I had a candle. I ran out, and called Stop thief! he was stopped, and brought back in about two minutes.


                  RICHARD 
                  LEFTWICK
               



            . I was passing the prosecutors', and heard a woman cry
"Thieves!" from the yard; I saw two men rush out of the gate, pursued, and stopped Clements a few yards off; the chaff-box, and hay stood by the gate - I brought him back.



                  JOHN 
                  GOVUE
               



            . I live at a butcher's, next door to the prosecutors'. I was standing at the door, heard the cry of
"Thieves!" and saw a man run across into Shadwell-market - it was Lane; I never saw him before - I only observed his face.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for, and took Clements; I apprehended Lane next morning - he denied it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
CLEMENTS'S Defence. I was passing the gate, and was taken.
CLEMENTS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
LANE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
