






789. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     LYNCH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     LYNCH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of June
, from the person of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Whitehead
                     




                  , two handkerchiefs, value 8s. one neckcloth, value 2s. two pairs of earrings, value 40s. one snuff box, value 5s. one brooch, value 2s. eighty three silver buttons, value 30s. nine pieces of foreign gold coin, value 3l. 12s. twelve pieces of foreign silver coin, value 40s. and a two-pound bank note
            , his property.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WHITEHEAD
               



            . I belong to the Royal East India Company's artillery
; I know the prisoner, and his wife. When I came on shore on the 21st of June at Billingsgate; I came to the India house, to get my discharge filled up. After that, I went to a public-house, to inquire for the master at arms of the vessel in which I had come; the prisoner told me he knew him, and knew where he lived; and he lived at his house at Poplar. Then we went to the prisoner's house at Poplar, in a hackney coach; when we got there, I paid the coachman, and the coach was discharged. The prisoner then took my things up stairs, and he assigned the one pair of stairs room, as my lodging. He then ordered half a gallon of beer, and I went up stairs to lay down. I went up stairs to lay down, being extremely tired; I had the property in question on my person when I lay down. When I awakened, I missed the property, and called out; nobody answered, and I went down stairs. I saw the prisoner 
               
                  Michael 
                  Lynch
               



            , and I asked him if he had taken anything out of my pocket? and I told him what I had lost; and he said you b-y thief, you have lost nothing in my house; and he said he knew nothing about the property, but offered to lend me a pound. The next day I saw some of my property.


                  GEORGE 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I know that 
               Douglas
             the master at arms did not lodge with the prisoner; he lodged with me.
GEORGE PARTRIDGE. In consequence of information; I went after the prisoners, I saw them on the day after the day in the indictment, in Leadenhall-street. I saw them go into a silversmiths shop, and in passing the door, I heard something rattle in the scales; with that I went into the shop, and saw five pieces of foreign silver coin in the scales, and I took the prisoners into custody. The man prisoner said he would go and fetch the man that employed him to sell them; but I would not let him. The female prisoner said, that her husband knew nothing at all about it; and that the prosecutor had given her the foreign coin, to get changed.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRIFFIN
               



            . I was shopman to Mr. Masey, he is a silversmith; I was at home when the prisoner and his wife came into our shop, The male prisoner produced the silver coins, which the last witness got from the scale, to me to sell for the value, as bullion. All together, they were worth about seventeen shillings.
(The property produced and sworn to.)
Mary Lynch pleaded coverture.


                  MICHAEL 
                  LYNCH
               





               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Life
            .


                  MARY 
                  LYNCH
               





               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
