





649. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CHAPMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of June
, a bridle, value 10 s. a leather, value 6 d. and four wax candles, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Fonteroy
                        



                     
                  , a pair of boots, value 10 s. and a pair of shoes, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Gardner
                  



               
            .
GEORGE GARDNER. I am a groom
 to Mr. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Fonteroy
               



            , No. 7, Berner-street


. I went out of town on the 25th of June; I returned again on the 27th; I missed the boots out of my box, four pieces of wax candles, a leather, and my shoes. The bridle, leather, girth, and wax candles, belonged to my master; the boots and shoes are my own.


                  THOMAS 
                  READ
               



            . I was constable of the night. Dunn, the watchman, brought the charge to me.


                  THOMAS 
                  DUNN
               



            . I am a watchman of Marybone. About half past three in the morning of the 27th of June, I had gone my round; I returned to my box. I blew the light out in my lanthorn; I went into my box. The prisoner came past my box at the corner of Titchfield-street; I asked him where he was going; he said to work. I observed that he had a bundle under his arm; he said, he was going to work at Mr. Tyson's in Park-lane, he kept livery stables I perceived a pair of girths drop on the pavement. I asked him what he had got in the bundle; he said, his clothes. I said, you walk along with me; I brought him into Lower Titchfield-street; he ran away from me. Some of the girths that fell from under his arm, he picked up. I ran after him, and catched hold of him by the collar. I told him if he did not stop, I would knock him down. I brought the prisoner round to the other end of the market place, and 
               
                  Barney 
                  Murray
               



            , another watchman, and I examined the bundle. On examining the things, I found two bridles, two girths, a leather, a pair of boots, a pair of shoes, four wax candles, and a pair of overalls. There is three indictments against him.
BARNEY MURRAY. I am a watchman in the market. Dunn brought the prisoner to my bear; he and I examined the bundle; it contained what Dunn stated.
Read. I produce the property.
Gardner. The bridle, girths, leather, and wax candles are my master's property. The boots and shoes are mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I have nothing to say at all about it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Watson.
