





875. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BARNES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of September
, six dishes, value 7 s. twelve plates, value 5 s. three pair of salts, value 13 s. six cups, value 1 s. six saucers, value 1 s. two japaned waiters, value 1 s. 6 d. a tea-tray, value 7 s. seven wine-glasses, value 5 s. four ale-glasses, value 2 s. two goblets, value 2 s. a mustard pot, value 1 s. three egg-cups, value 1 s. five mugs, value 1 s. a galli-pot, value 1 s. and two muffineers, value 8 s. the pro- property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Thorn
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
MRS. THORN. My husband's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Thorn
               



            . At the time the property was stolen I lived in Liquorpond-street


. I left there on Michaelmas Day last. The prisoner had lived servant
 with me from the 9th of April up to the 22d of September. I then discharged her. I kept a shop. I sold japan-ware earthenware and haberdashery. On the 22d of September I was determined to discharge her. The bills due to her were settled, and I sent her off to the present lodging, to sleep with my daughter, as usual. I intended to keep her as a char-woman for two or three days. On the 21st I saw a bonnet; that increased my suspicion. I asked her, where she got that bonnet. She said, from her aunt's. That increased my suspicion. We sent then to Diana Cutler's house, and had some private information. We found at Cutler's house, on Saffron-hill, half-a-dozen plates, that were missed on the 12th of September. The prisoner was then at work in 
               
                  Diana 
                  Cutler
               



            's room, where we found the things.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I am an officer. I searched 
               
                  Diana 
                  Cutler
               



            's room. I there found all these things I now produce, directly I and Mrs. Thorn went in. On Mrs. Thorn seeing the plates and dishes on the shelves, she said, that is all my property. The prisoner was there. I asked Mrs. Cutler, how she came by all these things. She said, the prisoner had brought them in at different times, saying, that her mistress was going to leave off business, and her mistress gave them to her. Mrs. Thorn took all the things down. 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Barnes
               



             said nothing to all this.
Prosecutrix. I believe them all to be my property.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing at all about them things. They were not found in my lodging, or about me.
GUILTY, aged 38,




               Of stealing to the value of 5 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
