





737. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FOWKES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of August
, eight pounds weight of lead, value 2 s. and a brass cock, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Ball
                        




                     
                  , then being affixed to his dwelling house
            .


                  JANE 
                  BALL
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Ball
               



            . On the 29th of August, about eight o'clock I put my little boy to bed, and coming down stairs I heard the water running away in the kitchen.
Q. When had you seen these things the last time before the pipe and the cock were taken away - A. About half an hour before, they were safe then. I went to the street-door, and from information. I pursued the prisoner and took him, he had the leaden pipe about him and a brass cock; they were behind his great coat.
Q. Who helped you to secure him - A. Mr. Humphreys the constable. I let him go and called my husband, he pursued him and then he was taken; it was not quite dark, I am confident the prisoner is the man.
Prisoner. What clothes had I on - A. A brown coat.
JOHN TRIGGER. I saw the prisoner come across Drury-lane; I saw him go into Vinegar Yard; there he dropped the pipe. The prosecutor lives in Bennett's-court, it is nearly opposite Vinegar-yard. I saw him through the pipe down, I piched it up, he was half way down Vinegar-yard. He took the pipe from underneath his coat, and threw it down; I am sure it is the same man, I saw him in the court before this happened, I have no doubt at all of his person.


                  JANE 
                  BALL
               



            . Q. You received the pipe from the last witness - A. Yes, it is my husband's pipe.


                  JOHN 
                  WINSTANLEY
               



            . I saw the prisoner go down Vinegar-yard; I saw him drop the pipe down.
Prisoner's Defence. This is the first time I ever was in confinement or had my character called in question. The leaden pipe and brass cock the prosecutor has recovered, nor is there any evidence to prove they had been in my possession. In Bennett's-court there was a hue and cry that the prosecutor had lost his pipe and cock; in Vinegar-yard the property was picked up. I was taken in Russell-court when the prosecutor charged me; I offered to be searched, and went voluntary to Bow-street, where the prosecutor said he could not swear to the person of the prisoner as he had changed his clothes, which is not true, as I had the same clothes on. I live in the same court where my prosecutor lives; I left work at eight o'clock, I went through the the court, I saw the man cross over Drury-lane into Vinegar-yard, where the property was picked up.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I was at Bow-street with the prisoner's wife, and the prisoner's sister asked 
               
                  John 
                  Winstanley
               



             if he could swear to the man; the prosecutor and Winstanley said he had changed his coat they could not swear to him. 
               Omer
             the officer said he was not permitted to change his shirt, much more his coat, while he was in Tothill-fields prison.
Winstanley. I did not say I could not swear to him, I said I thought he had changed his coat, I did swear to him.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Heath.
