





158. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     KING
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for a like offence
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a cheesemonger, and live in Laystall-street, Middlesex


. On Saturday the 14th of November
, about six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to my shop, and bought some things which came to 2 s. 9 d. together, and gave me a 1 l. note. I asked him what address I should put on it? He said he worked for Mr. Rotten, but that he lived at No. 3, Baldwin's-gardens. I knew Mr. Rotten, of Mount Pleasant, he is a large iron-founder, and lives about four hundred yards from me. I told him so, but do not know that he said he lived there. I asked the prisoner his name? He said Smith, No. 3, Baldwin's-gardens, which I wrote on the note in his presence, (looks at one) this is it. I beckoned to my wife, as I intended to have the first man stopped, who came to change a note, as I did not know a good one from a bad one, I did not suspect the note. I sent for an officer, Read came, and found 12 s. 6 d. in silver on him.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say his master's name was Robson, not Rotten - A. He did not, I could not be mistaken, as I mentioned the name again to him. The door was open, and he might have ran away.
MR. REYNOLDS. Q. Had you ever intimated to him any doubt of the note - A. None whatever; I am certain he said Rotten. I knew Robson also, he lives in Little Sutton-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton-garden. On the 14th of November, I was sent for to the prosecutor's shop, took the prisoner into custody, and found 12 s. 6 d. on him, and 5 1/4 d. In his coat pocket I found a pound of lump-sugar. I inquired at No. 3, Baldwin's-gardens, for a person named Smith, but found no such person there. There is such a parish as St. James, Clerkenwell.


                  JOHN 
                  LOWTHER
               



            . I live at No. 3, Baldwin's gardens On the 14th November the prisoner did not live there, I never saw him - I have kept the house ever since last Midsummer.


                  EDWARD 
                  FISHER
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Rotten, of Mount Pleasant. The prisoner did not work for him.


                  JOHN 
                  LEES
               



            . I am an inspector of bank notes. (looks at the note) It is forged, it is not Bank paper, the watermark is not made in the fabric of the paper - it is impressed. The numbers are printed as they ought to be, many forged notes are so; the date line is engraved, but it is printed in a genuine note - it is not Whiting's handwriting.


                  HENRY 
                  WHITING
               



            . I have been a signing clerk five years - there is no other of my name; I never signed this note, it is not like my hand.
(The note was then put in and read.)
Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Jones must have mistaken me, I said I worked at Mr. Robinson's; I suppose I must have mistook the name that was put on the note.


                  HENRY 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am a smith, and live in Little Saffron-hill. The prisoner worked for me within a few weeks of his apprehension.
MR. SERGEANT BOSANQUET. Q. Was he working for you at the time - A. No, not for two or three weeks before. I live about five minutes walk from Mount Pleasant; I know Rotten - he is very well known.
Q. What is the prisoner's name - A. William King. I do not know where he lived.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Wood.
