





861. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     ADAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 31st of October
, a watch chain, value 6 d. a seal, value 1 s. 6 d. and two watch keys, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Gordon
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GORDON
               



            . On this day week, about a quarter before eight at night, I met the prisoner coming up Moorfields


, he pretended to ask me about some place, I could not understand him, it was about the middle of Bedlam Wall; he took hold of my watch chain, which was hanging out, the watch chain broke off in the loop hole; he took the seal, keys, and chain, and ran away. I am sure he is the very man.
Q. Did you ever find your chain, seal, and keys again - A. No. I value them at three shillings. He was pursued and immediately taken by the officer.


                  THOMAS 
                  WONTNER
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner ran past me, when I cried out stop thief some people had turned him; he ran towards me, and a boy with a link said, officer, beware of the knife; he had a knife drawn in his hand; when I came close to him he throwed the knife into the water out of his hand, but whether he threw any thing else away, I cannot say.
Q. Did you ever find the knife again - A. No; I went and searched, I could not find the knife. The moment the prosecutor came up he said he would swear to the man.
Prisoner's Defence. I was standing still when the officer came up, though he raised a mob about me; the prosecutor came and said I was the man. All what the two witnesses says is false.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
