





564. 
               
                  
                     BRABAZON 
                     CHRISTIAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of May
, twenty-four shirts, value 6l. six night shirts, value 12s. nine pair of drawers, value 2l. fifteen pair of stockings, value 1l. 10s. eighteen necklaces, value 18s. eighteen handkerchiefs, value 18s, two coats, value 2l. one great coat, value 1l. four pair of pantaloons, value 1l. one pair of breeches, value 5s. eight waistcoats, value 1l. 15. one set of mathematical instruments, value 1l. two pairs of pistols, value 1l. one portmantue, value 5s. and one trunk, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bodmer
                  




               
            , esq
.


                  JAMES 
                  BODMER
               



            , ESQ. I am a native of Switzerland. At the latter end of last month, I was coming from Ghent to Ostend. I met with the prisoner onboard the barge coming from Ghent. He told us he was a partner in the house of Cothey, Roberts, and Co. in Cannon-street; he shewed us some papers that had a relation to that firm, which induced us to believe that he was in it. We gave him some money to pay for his passage. We first gave him seven Louis d'or; and then he said, those had been stolen from him, and we gave him thirteen more. He came over from Ostend in the same packet to Ramsgate with us, and we came by the same coach to London; we came together to Blackheath


; there my brother and I were obliged to stop, on account of the fatigue of our journey; and as he was going on with the coach, we requested him to take care of our luggage, and take them to Cannon-street, to Cannon-street to his merchantile house. He said, he would be there in the morning. At Ramsgate he gave us a private direction, Mr. Christian, 116, Red Lion-street, London. He invited us to come and see him. We did not give him the keys of our trunks. When we got to Cannon-street the next morning, we found no such house as Cothay and Co; we heard that those gentlemen had removed to somewhere in Little Tower-street. We afterwards went to Red Lion-street, Holborn, but could find no No. 116 there. He explained to me that it was Red Lion-street, Red Lion-square; and therefore we did not go to any other Red Lion-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COTHAY
               



            , ESQ. I am in the firm of Cothay, Robert's and Co. That firm has existed more than ten years. He never was a partner in that firm; he was a relation to Mrs. Roberts. He was to have been a partner some years ago, but he never was.


                  JAMES 
                  GLANNON
               



            . I was directed to make search after the prisoner at the bar. The prosecutor gave me a description of his person, and of the sort of articles he had with him. After a long search, on the 25th of May, I found him at No. 11, Tottenham-court. I took him there at about seven o'clock in the morning. I went up stairs; the woman of the house went up stairs to the bed-room door. She asked to speak to him, and he said he would come directly; I rather suspected that he was preparing to meet me, and I forced the door open, and he snapped a pistol at me. I afterwards found it was loaded. I catched the pistol with one hand and knocked him down with the other. I found two trunks in that room; the locks were forced off; the straps were cut, and the chains broken. They were empty; I searched some drawers there, and found all the articles mentioned in the indictment.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
