





580. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BRYAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of March
, one pocket-book, value 1s.; one 30l., and two 5l. bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Shorten
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Isaac 
                        Lawton Marsh
                     



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHORTEN
               



            . I have an apartment in Bull-inn-yard, Bishopsgate


; Mr. Marsh rents the house. About one o'clock in the morning, I was called up by a fire breaking out there. I saw my pocket-book safe the night before. I went to my office desk, unlocked the door and desk, and took out a pocket-book that had some property in it - I did not then think of the pocket-book which had the 30l. in it. I left the door open, and returned again in about an hour, and found my desk broken open and the pocket-book gone. My office is part of the inn-the same gates enclose the dwelling-house and my office. When I took my pocket-book up at night, it had a 30l. and two 5l. notes in it, and a memorandum of the Lynn coach account. The number of the 30l. note was 7079. I did not take the numbers of the others.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. I took the numbers before I lost the note. I believe Mr. Waldegrave rents part of the inn; he is a joint proprietor of it; my pocket-book was just under his premises-he sleeps there. Mr. Marsh lives at Norwich, and lets the tavern and lodging part to Waldegrave. I produce the note.


                  ANGUS 
                  CAMERON
               



            . I am a publican, and live in Queen-street, Tower-hill. On the 9th of March, at two o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came and had a pot of beer at my house, and tendered me a 30l. note to change. I stopped him, as I suspected him. I asked him if he had not got change, as I could not change it - He said he had not. I sent for an officer, who searched him, and found three 1l. notes, 16s.6d. in silver, and 5d. in copper on him.


                  CHARLES 
                  CHURCHYARD
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Curries and Co. I paid a 30l. note, No. 7079, dated the 9th of October, 1816, to a person of the name of Short (I must have taken the name of Short for Shorten, by mistake.



                  WILLIAM 
                  SHORTEN
               



            . That is the note that I lost.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am an officer. I took charge of the prisoner - he said he found the note in Bishopsgate-street at three o'clock that morning at the fire. I searched him - He threw his jacket on the table, and I found three 1l. notes and a memorandum of coachmen's wages; I also found 16s. 6d. in silver, in the coat-pocket, and 5d. in copper.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHORTEN
               



            . That is the memorandum I spoke of; it was in my pocket-book.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
Of stealing only. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
