





485. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     PIPE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of January
, 100 pieces of mahogany, value 18s.; 100 pieces of beech, value 12s.; and one chissel, value 6d.
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Deacon
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  DEACON
               



            . I am a chair-maker
, and live in Riding House-lane, Portland-street


. The prisoner was my journeyman
; I had frequently missed property. On the 25th of February, he was brought to me by my son and foreman-they accused him with taking my property, and produced some pieces of mahogany, which, they said, they found at his lodging. He denied taking them, but did not deny their being found at his lodging - He was taken into custody. I told him, I would send for an officer - He fell down on his knees, and begged my pardon, and said, that he had taken them, but they were the only things he had taken in his life, and wanted me to let him go. We went to his house with a search-warrant, and found several pieces of mahogany belonging to chairs, which were my property, and a table-flap, which I had missed a day or two before, shut up between two press bedsteads; I also found several chair-feet, and a piece of mahogany on his drawers, covered over with linen; and his bureau contained several tools, one of which had my name on, and another appeared to have had the name filed out. We found several pieces of mahogany in a dark hole under the kitchen stairs, covered with fire-wood.
Cross-examined by MR. WALFORD. I have 60 workmen. I said nothing to induce him to confess.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BINNS
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Deacon. I missed some wood. I saw the prisoner go out on the evening of the 25th, and thought he had something under his coat. I told Mr. Deacon of it. I went to the prisoner's house, and found five chair-back legs, which were Mr. Deacon's property. I asked the prisoner what he did with them - He said, they were not Mr. Deacon's, for he had had them by him for a long time, and had cut them by a mould which he had made at the place he worked at, before he came to our place. He went with me to Mr. Deacon's. He denied taking them. Mr. Deacon went for his great coat, and the prisoner told me he hoped he would not be hard with him, for he had only taken two back feet, and it being such a trifle, he hoped he would look over it. I told him, I hoped this was all, as I missed other things. He said, he had no more. I told him Mr. Deacon had sent for a constable. Mr. Deacon came back, and I told him, that the prisoner confessed taking the chair-feet. The prisoner kneeled down, and begged of him to forgive him - He was taken into custody. On the 27th of January, we took out a search-warrant, and went to his house, and found the property stated in the indictment; some of it was wrapped up in sheets in the bed, some in another bed, and some on the drawers, and a great deal under the staircase in the cellar; we also found several tools, one of which had Mr. Deacon's name on it. I can swear to the property.
Cross-examined. They are cast in a common mould.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WILLIAM PYALL
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody. I went with the witness with the search warrant. They have spoken correctly. I took a cart load away.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I should not have confessed, if Binns had not said it would be better for me.
SAMUEL BINNS. It is totally false.



               GUILTY
            . - Aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
