






1488. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of September
, one engine-pump, value 5s.; part of an engine-pipe, value 1s.; one gallon of onions, value 1s.; one gallon of apples, value 6d., and one lock, value 3s.
            , the goods of the Reverend


                  Henry Handley 
                  Norris
               




            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I am servant to the Rev. Henry Handley Norris, who lives in Grove-street, Hackney


. On Saturday night, the 12th of September, I and Rawbone were watching in the grape-house. About ten minutes before one o'clock in the morning, I saw a man go by the grapehouse, and cross the garden to the tool-house - He did not return as we expected. We heard a noise, and directly heard the engine-pump unscrewed. We went out and saw the prisoner run from where the noise was; we pursued him round the garden. I ran across, met and stopped him by presenting a pistol at him - He had an edge-bill, which he held in a threatening attitude. Rawbone came up and we secured him. I asked what he had been doing to the engine. He said he had done nothing to it, we took him towards the engine, and found the pump taken from the carriage, and carried five or six yards from it - A piece of pipe was found five or six yards from the engine in the way he had run. We called the gardener up-he sent for a constable, and locked the door. The prisoner then said I suppose you are not afraid of my running away, now the door is locked - I said we were not. We walked towards the grape-house. I told Rawbone to look at the other door, the prisoner then quickened his pace. I took him by the hand, he struck me a violent blow on the cheek I presented my pistol at him, and said I would shoot him if he ran - He rushed at me, and seized the pistol - We had a violent strnggle together. Rawbone came up, and we secured him again. In taking him through the door near to where he struck me, I found the lock had been taken off - I had locked it myself at eleven o'clock that night. We gave him in charge at the watch-house, the branch of the engine was quite lost. The apples and onions were found near the pump.
THOMAS RAWBONE. I was in the wash-house, and saw the prisoner, he must have got over the wall - He passed the grape-house, and went to the tool-house - We heard the engine-pump unscrewed. We went out, and saw him run from the place - We pursued, and secured him. We found some apples and onions taken from the tool-house, and put into a bag which was not my master's-it was left just by the engine-pump - We locked the door, and went towards another door. While I was trying it the prisoner struck Butler - I ran to his assistance, and found the prisoner had hold of the pistol, trying to get it from him - I rescued him. I found the lock had been broken off the door.


                  JOHN 
                  GARVER
               



            . I am constable of Hackney. On the 13th of September the prisoner was given into my charge. I found some tinder in a piece of paper, and in his waistcoat pocket a screw-driver. He would not tell me his name or where he lived.
Prisoner's Defence. I laid down in a field to rest-it rained, and I got over the wall for shelter - I was taken - I was very quiet.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
