





1158. 
               
                  
                     CATHARINE 
                     CROKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of July
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Matthew 
                           Dennison
                        




                     
                  , one watch, value 4 l.; one seal, value 6 d.; one hat, value 20 s.; three handkerchiefs, value 15 s.; one comb, value 6 d,: two keys, value 1 s., and six 1 l. bank notes
            , his property.


                  MATTHEW 
                  DENNISON
               



            . I was servant to Lieutenant Colonel Dawson
. On the 17th of July, I met the prisoner in Coventry-street, about half-past three o'clock in the morning - I had been spending the evening with some friends. I met her at a watering house with several others; I treated her with two glasses of gin and milk - we went through several courts into Oxford-street, took a coach and drove to Hyde Park. I remained with her till eight o'clock in the morning; we were then at the Red Lion, public-house, in David-street


. I went to sleep there, was awoke about half-past eleven o'clock in the morning, and missed my property, which was safe when we were in the Park - I was not sober.


                  ANN 
                  DOMINEY
               



            . I am niece to Mr. Darby, who keeps the Red Lion, public-house, David-street, Berkley-square. About a quarter after six o'clock in the morning, the prosecutor and the prisoner came in; he went to sleep. I served them with two glasses of porter, three of gin, and one of rum and milk. I saw the prisoner go out about eight o'clock with his hat, and a large key in her hand.
Q. And yet you let him sleep on till eleven o'clock - A. Yes; I did not awake him to inform him.


                  JOHN 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Tottenham-court-road. On the 18th of July, the prisoner offered to pledge a watch; I stopped her, and gave her in charge. She said she got it from one Dan, who was Lord Sefton's servant.


                  JAMES 
                  ROWDON
               



            . I am a coachman out of place. I went into the Red Lion, public-house, about seven o'clock in the morning, and saw the prisoner sitting by the prosecutor, who was asleep; I saw the prisoner draw a note from his left had breeches pocket.
Q. Of course you awoke him - A. No; not knowing him I did not interfere. I told Dominey of it.


                  ANN 
                  DOMINEY
               



             re-examined. Rowden told me the prisoner was after no good, that was all he said. I did not awake him.


                  FRANCIS 
                  YARNALD
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner told me that the prosecutor's hat was at No. 32, King-street. I went and found it there.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me the watch.
GUILTY. Aged 20.




               Of stealing, but not from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Best.
