





914. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     GILL
                  , alias 
STILES





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of December
, a box, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Willan
                  




               
            . And other Counts, for like offence, only stating the property to belong to different persons.
CHARLES JAMES FOX. I was guard of the Gloucester mail, on the 24th of December, the Gloucester mail arrived at the Post office, between six and seven o'clock, it was one of these foggy mornings; all our passengers left us at the Post office; we there put the luggage in the boot, into the inside of the coach, to get at the passengers luggage. The coachman drove on along Cornhill; I walked down Cheapside after the coach, to the top of St Martin le-grand; there was a stoppage in St Martin le-grand at the narrow part; I returned back to the coachman, to tell him there was a stoppage there, I saw a person go, and open the coach door, and take a box out, about a foot wide, and about a foot and a half long, I directly seized the prisoner by the neck; he had hold of the box in his left arm; we had a struggle together, and fell down; both our hats came off. The prisoner got up, and, ran; I got as quick as I could, but having boots on, and my great coat, I could not run so quick as he could. I followed him down St. Paul's Churchyard; at St. Paul's Church-yard one Seymour got hold of him, and when I came up I was knocked down dead as a bullock. I cannot tell by whom. When I recovered myself. I found that the person that Seymour had hold of was gone away. He had had left his hat behind him.


                  THOMAS 
                  SEYMOUR
               



            . I am a bricklayer. On the 24th of December I was in St. Paul's Church-yard; was returning at St. Paul's Church-yard into Cheapside about a quarter before seven in the morning. I heard the rattle spring, and the guard cried stop thief! Instantly the prisoner came up, and the guard pursuing him. He was threatening vengeance. The prisoner is the man. He held his fist up at me, saying, Da - n you. I laid hold of him, we both fell down together; he overcame me. I got up, and soon was down again. I am positive the prisoner is the man. The guard came to my assistance; he saw him kicking me in the groin. I believe the guard cut him over his nose, by the blood running so furiously down his face. When I was down, and the prisoner was kicking me in the groin, a tall man came up and struck Fox over the head. One of the prisoner's companions knocked the guard down; I said, you have struck the wrong man, at that time supposing he was an officer. A tall man, or a man with a crape over his face, knocked Fox down. I still kept my hold of the prisoner, and before I could take up my hat a bludgeon hit me over the head, and I was knocked down, the prisoner got away. I saw the prisoner again the day he was brought to Bow-street. I knew him again directly.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUMPHRIES
               



            . I am an officer. I know the prisoner perfectly well by sight. About three weeks afterwards I saw the prisoner in company with thieves; before that I had him in custody. I saw him at the White Horse, in Old-street-square. After some coarse language, the prisoner asked me if there was a screw loose? I said there was. I will get the guard to came to see if he can point you out. He said I should appoint my own hour, and he would come. The prisoner did not come. I saw the prisoner next in Piccadilly, at the time when the balloom went off. He was in the company of three or four thieves; he looked round and saw me; he made his escape under the coaches. The next time I sew him was on a Sunday evening, at the Shepherd and Shepherdess, in the City road. Harrison was with me at the time, and when he came into the room I took him there.


                  ROBERT 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am the coachman of the Glasgow Mail. The box was taken out of the coach, and after the struggle between the guard and a man, it was given to me. I took it to the Inn, and delivered it to Mr. Willian's bookkeeper. I believe the box was worth a shilling; it was in my way-bill. I made no observation on the box. When the box was given back to me, I took it to the Inn. I had not a box too many, nor a box more than was in my waybill.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of it.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
