






36. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PATERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of November
, two coach-window glasses, value 5 l. and two other glasses, value 5 l. and a horse-cloth, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Knight
                     



                  , privately in his coach-house
            .
SECOND COUNT - the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Jay
                  



               
            , privately in his coach-house.
AND ANOTHER COUNT - stating it to be the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Conatty
               



            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Rowley
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Mansfield
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cook
                  



               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  CAVE
               



            . I am coachman to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Knight
               



            . On the 6th of November I went up to my master's house with the carriage in Portland-place.
Q. Had he borrowed a carriage of Messrs. Conatty and Co. Liquorpond-street - A. Yes, my master kept the carriage in Grosvenor Mews, in the parish of St. George's, Hanover-square. On the evening of the 6th of November, I put it in the coach house near upon twelve o'clock. The coach-house and stables belong to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Jay
               



            . The glasses were all secure then, and the blinds up. I put my horses up then, I locked the door up and went to the public-house. I took the key with me. I returned about one to the coach house. The watchman was going the hour of one when I returned. The first thing that I missed was the horse-cloth. I missed it from the box where I left it. The coach-house door, I put the key in, it went round easy. It appeared to me that the lock had been turned. I went in and observed that the horse's cloth was not there, on the box of the lantelet. I searched the coach-house. The watchman was going by, I asked for a light. I went into the stable, and then I went into the coach-house. I perceived my horsecloth under another carriage, it was laying on the ground spread open; and as I was stooping down to my cloth I observed my own carriage door open, and the prisoner was getting out of my carriage.
Q. Did you observe the other carriage at the same time - A. Yes. I observed the other carriage door open, and the blinds let down, and the steps down. I had also left the door of that other carriage shut. I asked the prisoner what brought him there; he told me the coachman of the other carriage let him in. He said he was shut out of his lodging. I asked him what clothes the other coachman wore; he told me that he had a drab coat on with a green collar. I then seized him, and called the watchman, and gave him in custody.
Q. What was found upon him - A. Nothing but a clasp knife. I then looked into my master's carriage. I observed the glasses upon the seat of the carriage.
Q. How many glasses - A. Two, and the frames of the glasses were broke. They were not in the state I left them. I left them perfectly secure. The glasses were given to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Coombs
               



            .


                  MARY 
                  COOMBS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Jay.
Q. On the morning of the 7th, or night of the 6th of November, were any glasses given to you - A. Yes, I got the glasses out of Mr. Knight's coach.
Q. Whose coach-house was it - A. Mr. Jay's. I delivered the glasses to 
               
                  John 
                  King
               



            , the watchman.


                  JOHN 
                  KING
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 6th of November I was watchman at Grosvenor Mews. The prisoner was given into my charge. I took him to the watch-house. The last witness delivered to me two coach-glasses, I delivered them to 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Plank
               



            , the constable of the night.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PLANK
               



            . On the 6th of November I was constable of the night. The last witness delivered to me two coach-glasses. These are them. They have been in my possession ever since.
CAVE. These are my master's glasses.
Prisoner's Defence. A coachman said I might sleep in the carriage, he gave me a horse-cloth. I had not been long in the coach when I saw another coachman coming in. I said, who is there; he made no answer. He went out for about a quarter of an hour, and then came in with a light. He called the watchman, and gave me in custody.
GUILTY, aged 23.




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Grose.
