





620. 
               
                  LEIGHTON 
                  HALL
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of May
, two dollars, value 11 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           File
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  FILE
               



            . I am a carpenter
 and joiner
. I live at No. 2, Pinder-street, Brunswick-square. I lost my dollars at Mr. Craxford's public-house, the Carpenters Arms, Kensington


. On the 17th of May, I went in about twelve o'clock. The prisoner came in. A little discourse passed between him and me about joining. I did not study much what he said. I was reading the paper. The print was small. I fell into a sound sleep. I had two pounds worth of silver in my pocket. I suppose the prisoner took it out About two o'clock, I went from Mr. Craxford's, to go home, and when I got into the street, I missed the whole two pounds, except sixpence. I ran back to Mr. Craxford. I told him I had been robbed. One of the dollars that I had lost, I had refused of Mr. Craxford's daughter. She said, her father would change it when he got up. There was another dollar which I received in change for another pound note. The constable was going to search the prisoner: he said, it is of no use your searching me. This is all I have got. In a few minutes after that he went to the bar: he said, he could shew a dollar with any person. I went and saw the dollar; it was the dollar I had refused in the morning. I gave the description of the other dollar. The constable found that upon him likewise.
Prisoner. When I came into the tap-room, were not you very much in liquor. - A. No; I was not.
Q. Do not you recollect falling under the fireplace - A. I never fell once at all.
THOMAS WILLIAMS. I searched the prisoner; on him I found three dollars and two three shilling pieces.
Q. to Martha Craxford. Pick out the dollar you gave to File - A. This is the dollar I gave to File.
Prisoner's Defence. Please to take notice, one of the dollars I own to picking up in the tap-room. We were all there together. The dollar that I picked up, the die has not struck the Spanish marks out. When I pulled a dollar out of my pocket, the girl that is there, she said, that is the five shilling piece.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
