





582. 
               
                  
                     JONES 
                     MICHAEL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting, 
                     
                        John 
                        Ellis
                     




                  , on the 9th of June
, in the King's highway, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, a watch, value 7 l.
             his property.


                  JOHN 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I am cellerman to Solomon Beal, wine merchant
, in Idol-lane, Tower-street: I live in Jane-street, Commercial-road. On Sunday morning, the 9th of June, between twelve and one, I was in company with Mr. and Mrs. Pegg, and their servant, her name is Cummings, we were returning home from Bow fair, I was coming through the posts at Mile End Turnpike


, a man came up, he pushed me in the breast, and snatched my watch away; I felt the watch go; Mrs. Cummings had hold of my arm; or else I might have catched hold of him.
Q. Did you think at the time that it was a push to take your attention off - A. Yes, that he might take my watch, not with intent to do me any personal injury.
Q. Can you say who it was that did it - A. I have not a doubt of the prisoner. When I felt the watch go out of my pocket I said I had lost my watch; up came three or four jew men, and said what is the matter; I said, why do you ask, you know well enough; Mr. Pegg that was with me followed a little way, but did not get hold of him. On the Tuesday evening afterwards I saw the prisoner in custody at Lambeth street office, he was with other persons; directly I saw him, I said I would fetch the witnesses, they said it was too late. I saw him again on the Wednesday I was quite sure then that he was the person that struck me and took my watch away. On Tuesday, when I saw him there, it was dark, and on Wednesday it was day light, I was quite sure he was the man. I saw him by himself.
Q. What sort of a night was this, the 9th of June - A. It was quite moon light. I was quite sober. I have never seen my watch again. It was worth seven pounds.


                  SARAH 
                  CUMMINGS
               



            . I live in Jane-street, Commercial-road; my husband is a sailor, he is in French prison.
Q. Were you returning from Bow with Mr. Ellis - A. Yes, I had hold of his arm at the time, at the Turnpike, I saw the man strike him, and instantly Mr. Ellis turned round and said, I have lost my watch.
Q. Where did the man strike him - A. Just in the pit of his stomach. I saw the same man again on the Wednesday when he was under examination before the justice.
Q. Who was that man - A. The prisoner. It was a moon light night. I took notice of his face.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner; Mr. Ellis described him to me; I knew his person before; I told the prisoner what I took him for, for a watch in Mile End Road; he told me he knew nothing of it; he could bring people to prove that he was in a different place at the time.
Q. to Mrs. Cummings. Did you see him on the Tuesday evening before you saw him at the justices - A Yes, in the yard at the office.
Q. Were you sure of him the first time as well as the second - A Yes.
Mr. Alley. What coloured breeches had he on -
A. 
            Corderoy at the time he was in the yard. I do not know what he had on when the fact was committed, but I am sure he had breeches on.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel.
ESTHER LEVY. I am a married woman, I live in Fireball-court, Houndsditch. I and my daughter 
               
                  Louisa 
                  Levy
               



             was at Bow fair on the Saturday. I met the prisoner at the fair at nine o'clock, he lives in my house, I and my daughter accompanied him home; we arrived in Houndsdith at eleven o'clock, my daughter gave the prisoner a light; after we came into the house.
Q. Had the prisoner breeches on or pantaloons - A. He had nankeen pantaloons on, and boots.
Q. Did he go into his room after he got a light - A. Yes, I fastened the street door after him when he came in.
Q. How long might you be up before you went to bed - A. About half past twelve; my room is up two pair; his room is right facing of mine.
Q. Did you hear any person go out - A. Not a soul.
COURT. Did you attend before the examination - A. No.
Q. When were you sent for - A. Almost immediately that he went to prison; I heard from the prisoner's father on the Monday night, that he was taken up. The prisoner's own father came to me on the Monday night after the Saturday.
Q. That you are as sure of as every thing you have told - A. Yes, he told me he had been up about a watch. Excuse me, it was on the Tuesday, he told me he was taken on the Monday.
Q. Did you ever go to visit the prisoner - A. Twice at Newgate. I am quite sure the father told me he was taken on the Monday.


                  LOUISA 
                  LEVY
               



            . Q. How old are you - A. I am going of twelve.
Q. Were you at Bow fair with your mother on the Saturday - A. Yes; we met the prisoner in the fair, he came home with us; he lives in the same house with me and my mother.
Q. Was the street door fastened when you came home - A. My mother went in first, I went after, and my mother shut the door, it goes with a bolt: my mother bolted the door as soon as we went in; the prisoner and I went up stairs before her; our room is two pair of stairs, his door faces ours.
COURT. You went to bed directly - A. We had some coffee first.
Q. How long do you think it was before you got into bed - A. About half an hour.
Q. When did you hear the prisoner was taken up - A. We did not hear of it till the next week his father brought word that he was taken up on the Monday.
GUILTY, aged 25.




               Of stealing from the person but not by violence
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
