





1073. 
               
                  
                     GASPAR 
                     TANN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, four yards of woollen cloth, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Wilson
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WILSON
               



            . I live in Ratcliffe Highway


, and am a linen draper
. I do not know any thing of the robbery.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HARVEY
               



            . I live in Ratcliffe Highway, and am a linen draper. On the 24th, in the evening, at about seven o'clock, I understood that there were some suspicious characters about the door of my shop; I walked to the door, and saw three men standing; they went away, seeing I observed them. I then put on my hat, and followed them. When they got to Mr. Davis's shop, the smallest of the three, went in, and brought out a piece of cloth, and gave it to the prisoner; they were all in the same party. The prisoner put it under his great coat. I went across the street, and laid hold of him; another person had hold of his coat. He slipped out of his coat; but I had a hold of him by the breast; I held him fast. I do not know what became of the cloth; I never saw it since.


                  JOHN 
                  DOWSET
               



            . On the evening of the 24th, I was called in to take charge of the prisoner.


                  JAMES 
                  PROUDFOOT
               



            . I was standing at my door on the evening of the 24th, and I saw the three men standing at Davis's shop. Presently I saw the prisoner give a signal, and immediately the boy, or the smallest, went in, and brought out the cloth, and gave it to the prisoner. I went over, and seized him; he nearly got away from me, by slipping his coat, but Mr. Harvey had him by the waistcoat.


                  FRANCIS 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I produce the cloth, which was delivered to me by Mr. Davis.


                  THOMAS 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I know that cloth to be mine. Two of my young men must have been in the shop at the time it was stolen; they are not here.
Prisoner's Defence. As I was going along, I saw the scuffle, and went to it, and then they seized hold of me, and said I was one.




               GUILTY
            , aged 22,
Of stealing only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
