





314. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BROWN, alias 
ROBINSON





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of January
, twenty-eight pounds weight of copper, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Rhode
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  RHODE
               



            . I am a ship-chandler
; I live at Limehouse. I lost the property on the 10th of last month, from a warehouse in Narrow-street, Limehouse


. On the Thursday following, it happened I received a letter from the office, saying an officer had stopped a man with copper. I went the next morning to see the copper. Bendell is my warehouseman.


                  ROBERT 
                  BENDELL
               



            . On the 10th of January, Mr. Rhodes warehouse in Narrow-street, Limehouse, was broken open, between seven and nine o'clock in the evening. On the 11th, I missed twenty-eight pounds of copper, and two bolts of canvas.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . On the 17th of January, I met the prisoner with a cake of copper on his back; I asked him what he had got. He said, it was no business of mine. I told him, I was an officer, and it was my business. He said, I should not see it. He threw it into Aldgate-church-yard. I seized hold of him. I got the copper out. I asked him, how he came by it. He said he could not tell. I asked him, what he was going to do with it. He said, he did not know. He said, he wished I would shoot him. I told him, I had no authority to do that.
Q. Did you find any other pieces - A. No. This is the piece.
Bendell. That is my master's copper. This is the only piece that is found.
Q. What is the prisoner - A. He had a constant situation at Preston's lead manufactory. He worked there about eight or nine months, but not for the last seven years.
Prisoner's Defence. The copper I found under some pales. I knew no more of stealing the copper than a new born babe.



               GUILTY
            , aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
