





864. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     ALLEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking, and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Lowry
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of eleven in the forenoon, on the 21st of October
, and stealing therein, a waistcoat, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Jones
                        



                     
                  ; a counterpane, value 4 s. a sheet, value 4 s. a pillowcase, value 6 d. a shift, value 1 s. a pillow, value 2 s. two gowns, value 2 s. and an handkerchief, value 6 d. the property of Mary Lowry
            .


                  MARY 
                  LOWRY
               



            . I live in Smart's-gardens, Bethnal-green


. I have a whole house there, and my grandson lives with me. On the 21st of October I went out about half after ten on the forenoon. I locked my door, and left the key in the window of the lower room, expecting that my grandson would come, and want to go in. When I returned home I found my door locked. The prisoner was taken to Worship-street office. Mr. Armstrong has got my things now.


                  SARAH 
                  THORN
               



            . I live in Smart's-gardens, next door to Mrs. Lowry. On the 21st of this month, about eleven o'clock in the forenoon, I saw the prisoner coming out of Mrs. Lowry's, with a bundle under her arm. She locked the door, went round the corner, and dropped the bundle. I took the bundle up. The bundle was wrapped up in a counterpane. I knew them to be Mrs. Lowry's things. I then applied to the neighbours, and they took her in custody. The prisoner said, she found the things by the door, and she was going to put them inside. When I first saw her she was inside of the house, and the bundle under her arm. I asked her, where she was going to take the key. She made no answer, but gave me the key.


                  JOHN 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I am an officer. I produce the bundle. I received it when the prisoner was under examination. The prosecutrix and the last witness were present.
Prosecutrix. The things are all mine, except the waistcoat; that is my grandson's.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going by this door; I saw these things lay. I picked them up. A woman said, these were Mrs. Lowry's things; and another woman said, she was sure it was Mrs. Lowry's gowns.
GUILTY, aged 40,




               Of stealing only, but not of breaking and, entering the house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Chambre.
