






446. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of March
, two silver gravy spoons, value 32 s. a silver table spoon, value 1 l. the property of the Reverend 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Cloyne
                        




                     
                  , bishop of Cloyne, in Ireland
, in his dwelling-house
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  COTTLE
               



            . I am butler to his lordship the bishop of Cloyne; his house is No. 11, Montague-square, in the parish of Marybone


. On the 9th of March, I was in the servants hall, busy, about a quarter before twelve, in the middle of the day. I heard the plates rattle in my pantry. I halloaed out, who is it in the pantry. I spoke loud enough for the prisoner to hear. Nobody answered. I ran to see who was in the pantry. He got to the side door, and in the passage, before I got to the area door, I heard the silver rattle. I ran up the area steps. I ran over two large gravy-spoons that had fallen from the prisoner.
Q. Did you see them fall - A. No, I did not. They were on the area steps. I saw one spoon fall from one step to the other. I pursued the prisoner; he ran very fast indeed. He had got about forty yards when I overtook him. I collared him, and took him to Marybone watchhouse.
Q. What did he say for himself when you laid hold of him - A. He said it was through want. I never lost sight of him from the area steps until I collared him.


                  JOHN 
                  PEARSON
               



            . I am an officer. I produce the spoons. I took this table spoon out of his pocket, and these are the two gravy spoons.
Cottle. They are the bishop's spoons.
Prisoner's Defence. I throw myself on the mercy of the court.
GUILTY, aged 39,
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
