





394. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     REORDEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of March
, five pound weight of soap, value 4 s. seven bags, value 14 d. and a pair of clogs, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Moore
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  GILHAM
               



            . I am in the employment of Mr. Moore, a soap boiler
, Goswell-street


. On Wednesday the 7th of March, about seven o'clock at night, I saw the prisoner come down the yard with something rolled up in his apron: when he came to me at the gate I told him that Mr. Cherry wanted to speak to him. I followed him to the accompting-house; I saw him throw a piece of soap down out of his apron; I accused him of it, he fell on his knees and asked for mercy.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHERRY
               



            . I am Mr. Moore's clerk. On Saturday evening, the 7th of March, we were desired by Mr. Moore to examine the men that went out of the gate, Mr. Gilham and myself; Mr. Gilham said there was a man throwing down some soap out of his apron; I was directed to the accompting house, there was a piece of soap there which was not there when I went to the gates; I directly accused him of it, he fell down on his knees and asked for mercy; I told him I could say nothing in the case, he must go to Hatton Garden office.
- . I am a constable. In the prisoner's lodging we found seven bags, a pair of clogs, and likewise a piece of paper that soap had been rolled up into, and a small piece of soap of the same sort.
The property produced and identified.
Prisoner's Defence. I had no soap; as for the bags, they are not Mr. Moore's; Mr. Cherry gave me them clogs out of the accompting-house.

Q. 
            to Mr. Cherry. Did you give him them clogs - A. No. The clogs are lodged in the accompting-house, the men come occasionally and ask for them to go into the vats.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
