





715 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of September
, a coat, value 5 s. and a waistcoat, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Robinson
               




            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am a mariner, commander of the Leicester
. The prisoner, I believe, is a mariner
.
Q. What makes you accuse him of taking your coat and waistcoat - A. My coat and waistcoat was taken out of my cabin, on Monday morning last, about half past four o'clock, and they were found in another vessel. That is all I know.
JOHN CARR. I was on board a collier; that is not Mr. Robinson's ship; there was one ship laid between Mr. Robinson's ship and ours. I slept upon the half deck; our dog barked; I jumped out of bed; I looked into a lighter; there was a man there; I asked him what he was doing there so early in the morning; he came on board our ship, and asked me to lend him our boat to put him on shore; I refused. He said, he would get a scaller. I stepped over our ships quarters; I saw a little bundle laying upon the lighter's gunnel; the prisoner was standing about a yard off the clothes. I called out here, a hand here, I suspect this man, here is a thief; the Captain came, and looked at the clothes; he said, he is a thief. I directly took hold of him. One of our men went on board the lighter, and fetched the clothes.
Q. Did you know any thing of the prisoner - A. No; I never saw him before. It was between five and six in the morning. The dog barking, I looked into the lighter; I then saw the prisoner, and the bundle.


                  JOHN 
                  HERBERT
               



            . I am an officer. I produce the property. On this morning, I was rowing by the tier, I heard the cry of police. I took the prisoner into custody. This coat and waistcoat were delivered to me on board the lighter; I have had them in my charge ever since.
Prosecutor. It is my coat and waistcoat.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
