





942. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FARRELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of June
, 200 yards of canvas, value 6l.
            . the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert Gardner 
                     Paget
                  




               
            .


                  NATHANIEL 
                  NATHAN
               



            . I am a slopseller, and live in Upper East Smithfield


-the prosecutor, Mr. Paget, lives in Mark-lane; I was a customer of his, and have often bought goods of the prisoner as his foreman
. About the 3d of June he passed my door - We were talking together. I asked him if Mr. Paget had any fresh goods come in? he said he had none but what I had seen. I said they would not suit me, as I could buy them cheaper. He then said there was a person in the country of the name of Howe, who owed him money; that he had sent him several lawyer's letters, and that Howe had promised to send him canvas for the debt, and asked me if I would be a purchaser? I said I could say nothing to it. He asked for my card. He knew my shop very well before - I gave him one. On Saturday, the 6th of June, he called again, and said the goods were arrived, and they would not hurt me at 8d. a yard - He said he should send them down on Monday. On Monday, the 8th of June, about seven o'clock in the morning, a man brought five bolts of canvas, and said the person who sent him would be there in the course of the day. In about ten minutes the prisoner came, and asked me how I liked the canvas? I said it was much the same quality as what I had seen at Mr. Paget's, and had been asked 9d. for. He said he thought it was as good a quality, and asked me if I would buy it at 8d.? I told him I did not particularly want them, as I had bought eleven bolts shortly before of Mr. Stephenson, of Philpot-lane. I then offered him 7 1/2d. a yard; he said if he did he should lose 16s. on them. He then said, rather than put himself to the expence of porterage again, he would let me have them. I told him I hoped he would excuse me, and asked him why he did not offer these goods to his master? He said he did not wish his master to know it. I told him his master could give as good a price for them as I could, and I could afterwards buy it of his master. He said he did not wish his master to know that he had any dealings with Howe. He then took a paper out of his pocket-book, with the lengths, and what they would come to at 8d. a yard. He scratched that out, and calculated it at 7 1/2d. - he made it 6l. 17s. 4d. He pressed me to pay him immediately, and said he would give me a receipt, and that would satisfy me. I said it did not suit me to pay him that morning. He said, "I suppose you do not want the goods?" I said I certainly did want them, and if he would call in the course of the day I would pay him - He went away. I afterwards told Morris what had passed. We went to Mr. Paget's - I remained outside. Mr. Paget afterwards came to my shop and claimed the goods. The prisoner never gave me any bill of them.
Cross-examined by MR. MARSHAM. The canvas was as good as that at 9d. I have often seen him at the warehouse, and have paid him money on account of his master. I told him to call for the money, because I wanted to inquire if the goods were his own.
MICHAEL MORRIS. I am an officer of Shadwell. Nathan gave me information. I went to Mr. Paget; he went with me to Nathan's, and claimed the canvas. We returned to the prosecutor's, and questioned the prisoner about the goods. He said he had sent some goods to Nathan, and that he meant to receive 9d. a yard for them, and produced a bill of parcels, which amounted to 9l. 4s. 7d. Isearched his pockets, and found a paper in his pocketbook, with a calculation at 8d. and 7 1/2d. a yard.
MR. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  GARDNER PAGET
               



            . I live in Mark-lane. On the 8th of June I received information from Nathan, went to his house, and found five bolts of canvas there, which were mine-the prisoner was my foreman. When goods are sold out of my house, it was his duty to enter them in a book, and send a bill of parcels with them-there was no entry made of the goods. There were two entries of good transactions of the same day, which must have been bought after ten o'clock in the morning; they were made by the prisoner about eleven o'clock. I asked him why he did not enter these goods? he said he had not had time. The lowest price he might have sold the goods at was 83/4d. a yard. - the usual price was 9d.; he knew that. It is usual to enter goods before they are sent out. He should have entered the number of the piece and the yards.
Cross-examined. It is quite unusual to enter goods after they are sent out. We always have cash from Jews.
Prisoner's Defence. Nathan ordered five pieces of me - He said he must have them to cut, and would call at seven o'clock in the morning, which he did, and said he must have them immediately - I sent them. He offered me 71/2d. for them; I told him I could not take it. I forgot to enter them. I never intended to defraud my master.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
