






487. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     THORPE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     AGGUS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of January
, 60 lbs. of sugar, value 3l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Perry
                        



                     
                  ; three pair of stirrup-leathers, value 9s.; three pair of woollen girths, value 6s.; two bridles, value 10s.; two collar-reins, value 2s.; one suit of horse-cloths, value 10s.; two pair of stirrups, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Stanlake 
                        Batson
                     



                  , Esq.
; three pair of breeches, value 30s.; one waistcoat, value 1s.; three pair of boots, value 1l.; one gun, value 3l., and one pistol, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Palmer
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating the goods to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Chalk
                  



               
            .
JOHN PALMER. I am servant to 
                  
                     William 
                     Orton
                  



               , who trains running-horses
 for Stanlake Batson, Esq. I packed a box at Windsor, and directed it," 
               
                  John 
                  Palmer
               



            , at Stanlake Batson's, Esq., Horse Heath, Linton, Cambridgeshire"-it contained the articles stated as mine in the indictment; the box was corded.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIS
               



            . The box was delivered to me at Windsor. I left it at the waggon-office, at Windsor, to go by Habberton's waggon.
ANDREW RICH. I am book-keeper at the Vine Inn, in Bishopsgate-street. On the 7th of January, I received a box, directed to 
               
                  John 
                  Palmer
               



            , to go to Horse Heath - I delivered it to William French.
Cross-examined by MR. MARSHAM. I heard of the robbery four days afterwards.


                  HENRY 
                  CRUTCHLEY
               



            . I am shopman to Messrs. Davison and Vincent, wholesale grocers, Dowgate-hill. I entered the sugars to Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Perry
               



            , and directed it to Sapswell - They were delivered to the Catherine-wheel Inn.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SAYERS
               



            . I am carman to Messrs. Davison and Vincent. On the 6th of January, I delivered twenty-seven loaves of sugar at the Catherine-wheel Inn, in Bishopsgate-street, directed to Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Perry
               



            , at Sapswell, to go by Chalk's waggon.
WILLIAM FRENCH. I drive Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Chalk
               



            's waggon, which goes from the Catherine-wheel Inn, in Bishopsgate-street. I loaded the waggon. Rich gave me the trunk, directed to John Palmer - I put it in the waggon. I put the twenty-seven loaves in the middle of the waggon. I left town about three o'clock in the afternoon. I had every thing safe at Hoddesdon, in Hertfordshire, at half-past ten o'clock at night. I left that place at one o'clock, got to Sapswell about five o'clock in the morning, and missed ten loaves of sugar and the box. The prisoner, Aggus, formerly drove this waggon - He came into the Catherine-wheel yard on that day, and asked me to send him some things from the country.
Cross-examined. It was a deal box. I cannot read. No person drove the waggon with me.
WILLIAM BRANSCOMBE. I am book-keeper at the King's Arms, Snowhill. On the 27th of December a box, directed to Palmer, at Linton, came by the Windsor waggon. I sent it to the Vine Inn on the 7th of January, by Vaughan.
Cross-examined. Q. It had been sometime at your office - A. Yes, a fortnight.


                  RALPH 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . I carried the box to the Vine Inn, and got a receipt for it, which I produce. It was to go by Chalk's waggon.


                  JOSHUA 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I am an officer. I and Gleed were at Bethnal-green. I saw a tilted cart-nothing was in it. We went to Webb-square, to a house kept by Parker. We met the prisoner, Thorpe, coming down stairswith something under his arm, within two stairs of the door. I told him to go up, as we were officers, which he did. I took him into the garret, where I found Wheeler and Cresswell. I saw four loaves of sugar in this room, on a dresser. I found four more in a basket, and a great number of things strewed about the floor. I left him with Gleed, and went into the one-pair room kept by Dunkley, and met Aggus coming out of her room. I took him to Gleed, returned, went into the bed-room, and found the window open. I went into the cellar, which was under the window, and found a bundle-the cellar-flap was up. The bundle contained a pair of breeches and a waistcoat - We took the prisoners to the office - I took the women there also. I found a pistol with the sugars. I advertised the goods.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you not been informed that Parker's house is frequented by improper persons - A. I have. I met Thorpe at the door. Parker lives in the garret.


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



            . I am an officer. I was with Armstrong - He gave the prisoners into my care. The bundle which Thorpe had contained a loaf of sugar. I found a pair of stockings in his pocket. Thorpe said the things were all his own.
JOSHUA ARMSTRONG, JUN. I am an officer. My father sent me to Parker's house. I found the things in the room.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WHEELER
               



            . I went to Parker's house to wash for him, at nine o'clock in the morning. The prisoner, Aggus, came up, and asked for Parker, Cresswell said he was not within. He went down, came up again in about twenty minutes, and asked for him again. Cresswell said she did not know where he was. He came up again in a few minutes, and threw down a large hamper, a handkerchief hung out of it. He brought up one or two more hampers. In a few minutes he came up again with Thorpe-both of them were carrying a large sack - I looked at them. One of them said, "Mind your washing." The officers immediately came in.
Cross-examined. I never knew Parker before that day. I know nothing of it.
Prisoner AGGUS. Q. Did you not carry part of the property into the room - A. No.
MARY CRESSWELL. I went to work at Parker's at velvet-weaving. Aggus came up first, and asked for Parker - I said he was not at home. He went down, returned in half an hour, and asked again for Parker. He returned in a few minutes with a hamper. He went down twice, and brought up a hamper each time-then Thorpe and him brought up a sack, which they put into a room. Aggus afterwards brought up a portmanteau. We were all taken to the office.
Cross-examined. I do not know the day of the month. I suspected there was something wrong.
REBECCA DUNKLEY. I live in the one-pair-of-stairs room in Parker's house. On the 9th of January, the prisoner, Aggus, came into my room, with a bundle under his arm - He was a stranger to me. I asked him who he wanted? he told me to hold my tongue. I heard footsteps on the stairs - He gave me no answer. He heard the footsteps, ran into my bed-room, and threw the bundle on the other side of the bed. I told him I would have nothing left there. He said, "If you will not let me leave it, throw it out of the window." I gave it to him, and he threw it into the cellar. I pushed him out of the backroom-Armstrong was at the door, and took him - I shewed him where the bundle was dropped.
Cross-examined. The window was open. Parker lives in the room where the sugar was found.


                  JOHN 
                  PARKER
               



            . I keep the house. I went out at nine o'clock-the property was not there then. I do not know the prisoners.
Cross-examined. I knew the officers. Wheeler never washed for me before.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
THORPE'S Defence. I was employed to carry the property.
AGGUS'S Defence. I now nothing about it.
THORPE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 57.
AGGUS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
