





662. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HITCHEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of April, in the 46th year of his Majesty's reign
, an Exchequer bill, value 100 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Kent
                  




               
            .
SECOND COUNT for like offence, only stating it to be the property of different persons.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KENT
               



            . Q. I believe you are an upholsterer
 at London Wall


 - A. I am; my partners names were, at the time of the transaction, 
               
                  Abbott 
                  Kent
               



            , 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Luck
               



            , and 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Luck Kent
               



            .
Q. In the month of April, 1806, were your premises broken open - A. They were; on the night of the 16th we presume so, on the morning of the 17th we discovered it. The shutter at the warehouse door was forced away from its fastening, a pane of glass was taken out, by which means they entered, there was room for the admissionof a boy at least, I should think for a man. The counting house is in the warehouse, so that if a person gets in the warehouse, there is an admission into the counting house, where there was fifty pound, besides an Exchequer bill for one hundred pound. I think the number was 1401, I have got the memorandum in my pocket, it is a brokers memorandum, it was a collateral evidence, not what I received with the Exchequer bill. This Exchequer bill was enclosed in an iron drawer, within the iron safe, which drawer having been locked, was forced open; I never discovered any thing of the Exchequer bill, until the prisoner was taken up. The Exchequer bill was my private property; I had that Exchequer bill in my possession three or four months; I have the number and date in my pocket book. If I saw the bill I could swear to it.
Q. Now, looking at that bill, have you the least doubt that is the bill that belongs to you - A. No, this is the bill that I lost.
Mr. Alley. This has been cut across has it been paid - A. I have received from government the amount of it.
Q. Then you have lost nothing - A. Yes, I have lost fifteen pound. After the robbery, I applied to government for that bill; and upon my given bond that I never would call for payment, they paid me the money.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  GOODALL
               



            . I live at Coventry; I am a peace officer. I apprehended the prisoner at Daventry, in August, 1808; I searched the prisoner on the 17th of August, I found this Exchequer bill in his breeches pocket.
Q.Has it been in your keeping ever since - A. Not exactly. It was given up to Mr. Carlton, an attorney at Warwick; I marked it at the time.
The number and date of the Exchequer bill read. 1401. 45. 21 Oct. 1805. This entitles the bearer to one hundred pounds.
Prisoner's Defence. My Lord, and gentlemen of the jury, I come to this tribunal, equally impressed with the confidence of my own innocence, and in the justice of the court, conscious as a British subject, I shall have justice from a British jury; I claim your indulgence for a few moments, while I relate the circumstances of the prosecution. It is a well known fact that I was educated for a merchant, that I have imported and exported corn and cheese, and by the loss of two vessels and the failure of a house at Boston, in America, I was a considerable sufferer; I became insolvent; since which time, I have resided at Liverpool and London as a dealer in corn and cheese. In the year 1808, I was a resident in Somers-town. Gentlemen, in the beginning of August, 1808, I had several mercantile transactions with Mr. Benjamin Shaw, who then lived in Walbrook, and having to receive some money of him on account of cheese delivered to him; I received of him, at the Virginia coffee house, that Exchequer bill with other monies, making in the whole, one hundred and nine pound, thirteen shillings, and one penny; this transaction very fortunately took place in the presence of gentlemen, who will prove, in a very honourable manner, the way I became possessed with this bill. I was subpoened at Warwick, I left London on Saturday, the 13th of August, and arrived at Warwick the next day. The trial was over on the 16th, and I set of for London. In consequence of which I was pursued, and took back on a charge of forgery; and so high ran the tide of malice and revenge, that although the magistrate knew no forgery was committed, still he committed me upon a charge of forgery. Gentlemen, it shews you the malice of the parties who were my prosecutors. After laying eight months under the dreadful charge of forgery, in a jail, the worst England can produce; under a jailor the most tyrannical, in the center of my enemies, who were determined upon my life; my dear family ruined; obliged to associate with ruffians of the worst denominations; deprived of all communication, even of the nearest relative, unless with the third person. At March assizes a bill was found upon me for forgery, and one for a fraud, all arising out of the same charge. I tried the charge of forgery, the prosecutors were not able to make out their case, I was most honourably acquitted, without being called upon for my defence. I was then permitted to find bail in six thousand pounds; not being able to comply with it, I was detained. Gentlemen, the managing persons, and the principal witnesses in the prosecution, their malice have never ceased, it has continued with double perseverance. All this was grounded upon whim and supposition. Is a man to be stamped with ignominy, and his family to be ruined, because an insatiable thirst for popularity, actuated them to bear an individual down great part of his time. I was suffering the most dreadful affliction, and upwards of two years imprisonment in the bloom of my life; I trust these things will be duly deliberated. Gentlemen, since my arrival in town, and Shaw's name being in the papers, in spite of my endeavours he has been able to keep back. I will prove to you that he is in town, or in its vicinity, and not in America; that his wife has called upon me several times, is well known - Why could he not call if he was an innocent holder of the bill - Why did he not come forward, and prove to you, that he and me are innocent men. It appears to me, and I think it must in his own mind, that he ought to come forward and prove the honourable way he possessed it, or I think every honest heart would avail himself of that. My conduct in this was when I was committed for trial; I did not deny the bill, when the attorney and committing magistrate lodged a warrant against me. I instantly gave up the name of Shaw, as the person from whom I received this bill; I used every effort in my power, by which means I became possessed of this bill. I was buried to the world, or at that time I had it in my power to produce Mr. Shaw: two years have elapsed, and from my long confinement, and my finances being ruined, I have not been able to bring him forward. I suppose, at the request of the prosecutor, in order to lead me off my guard; the first time the warrant was served upon me, the jailor assured me, that the warrant was withdrawn against me; but to my inexpressible surprize, the day on which my confinement expired, at twelve o'clock at night, I was taken out and brought up to London. I have certainly been hunted down by the hand of power. Therefore, being confident of my innocence and integrity, I shall call such witnesses, as I trust you will not convict me upon this charge. Any of you, gentlemen, might have been placed in my unpleasant situation; even his lordship on the bench might have been a holder of this bill, it being a government security. It is not impossible, that the day on which the burglary was committed, that it might have been circulated through several persons hands, and that with impunity. It is a known fact, that persons who are in the act of making these depredations, they, if they cannot part with the bill they so obtain, destroy it. But this bill is found in my possession two years after the burglary was committed.Gentlemen, whatever prejudices may rest upon the public relative to any mercantile transaction of mine, nothing criminal whatever has attached to any part of my conduct. Even after I had given an hundred pound for it, had I known a felony was connected with it, I would have destroyed it, and my having possession of the bill, no man would think I committed the burglary. And if I had been aware that any felony had been connected with it, I would not have gone to the office of Mr. Bish, to know if it was a good bill; Mr. Bish is known to be a government broker, and in all human probability, Mr. Bish might have had information that this burglary was committed. My going into the county of Warwick was not any premeditated design, but by order of the court; would I have then in my possession a bill to which a burglary was connected. I most solemnly declare, that if any nefarious transaction is concerned with this bill, a fraud must be imposed upon me by 
               
                  Shaw 
                  Gentlemen
               



            , our English constitution breathes nothing but liberty, no man can be punished without guilt, and of this guilt there must not only be proof, but the guilt must be proved by legal clear evidence, so that nothing dark shall operate to the subject. I bid defiance to my most inveterate enemy to prove, that any knowledge of guilt of mine is connected with it. Gentlemen, my ruin must have been sought after, but if Providence, through your medium, should restore me to my family, it shall be my prayer to God, to fulfill those great and important duties of a christian, a husband and father, to the end of my life. Give your minds to the facts, examine into the truth, and I am certain your verdict must be an acquittal; thus you, gentlemen, and self approving conscience, will release me from woe, and I am restored to my family to alleviate their wants.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ANSLIP
               



            . Q. What way of life are you in - A. A tanner, I reside at Greenwich.
Q. Were you in the habit, some years ago, to frequent the Virginia coffee house - A. I was in the habit of going there frequently, about the latter end of July, or the beginning of August, 1808; I have seen the prisoner there two or three times.
Q. Do you know a person of the name of Shaw - A. I cannot say I know the person to swear to him; I knew a person of that name that was produced to me by the prisoner, if he was in this court I could swear to him, I saw a bill which the prisoner produced to me, and asked me if I knew what it was; I saw him receive it of a person, that he told me was Mr. Shaw; he told me it was an Exchequer bill, I never saw such a one before, it was signed Grenville, and there were some figures on the back of it, it was cut in two, and sealed or wafered on the back.
Q. Look at that, and tell me whether you think that is the same bill that you saw of the prisoner's - A. I could not swear positively, I believe it is the same, it has the same appearance, it is cut in the same way, wafered in the same way, the same signature, and for the same sum of one hundred pound.
Mr. Gurney. You and the prisoner are acquainted together - A. I knew him when he was in Ipswich, he had a bank there; he sent circular letters about for connection; I applied to him for the loan of thirteen hundred pound on my estate, it was not complied with; during that interim, they were taken up and tried for forgery, in the very place where we are now.
Q. You afterwards became acquainted at the Virginia coffee house - A. Yes, about two years back.
Q. How long was that after you became acquainted with him as Ipswich - A. Rather more than four years.
Q. However, he and you met two years ago; you saw the ceremony pass; the person that he called Shaw offered to him a piece of paper, which he shewed to you, which he told you was an exchequer bill; that is all you know about it - A. Yes.
Q. Where it came from, and whether ever it was in Mr. Shaw's pocket, you do not know. When were you first told that you were wanted as a witness - A. About a week or ten days back.
Q. Then till a week or ten days back, you had no knowledge that you should be wanted as a witness here - A. No.
Q. Do not you know that your friend was taken up at Warwick two years ago - A. I saw it in the papers. He is no friend of mine.
Q. He knew where you lived - A. Yes.
Q.Why, upon his being taken up did not he write to you? Did you receive a letter from him - A. There was one letter wrote, I took no notice of it, there were several letters, as I understood.
Q. Do not tell me what you understood, tell me what you know. Is the first account correct, that you never heard that you should be called upon as a witness till a week or ten days ago - A. It is impossible that account can be correct, if I received a letter; I had a letter from the prisoner at Warwick after he was taken up. I cannot recollect any circumstance of the letter at all.
Court. Are you a master tanner - A.I am supported by my brother, he lives at Kimbolton, I live at Greenwich. I have not worked in the trade for three years; I never worked with any body, only as a journeyman to myself.


                  JAMES 
                  GASKIN
               



            . I am a shoemaker. I have known the prisoner about three years.
Q. In the summer, 1808, did you meet him at the Virginia coffee house, by appointment from him - A. I have met him there to receive money of him for work that I had done, for boots and shoes.
Q. Do you remember seeing any instrument of security of money paid to him - A.There was a gentleman in company at that time, I think, in August, 1808, gave him a note. In fact the note was put into my hands. There was a gentleman in company gave Hitchin the note, I believe he called himself Shaw.
Q. Do you think you should know it if you was to see it - A. I have no doubt about that; I think it was wrote upon the corner on the face of it.
Court. What was written upon the face of it - A. A name upon the corner.
Q. What was it, a parish indenture - A. No, it was not.
Q. Was it written or printed - A. I think written. There was a person's name in writing; I think it was part written and part printed. I think it was a one hundred pound note, or bill, Mr. Hitchen informed me that Mr. Hitchen shewed it to me, because he could not pay me for the work I had done, without I got it changed.
Q. Did you get it changed - A. I went to the gentleman's in Walbrook, Mr. Shaw could not change it.

Q. Then the prisoner did not pay you - A. No, because he had not small notes enough.
Mr. Alley. Look at this bill, are you able to say whether that was the bill that was shewn you - A. Yes, I think it was.
Q. You say you saw that given him by Shaw - A. Yes.
Mr. Gurney. Q. What was the amount of your bill - A. Two pounds fourteen shillings.
Q. You came for the two pounds fourteen shillings just in the nick of time - A. No, I was not in the nick of time.
Q. Mr. Shaw was there, he handed over the bill to him, and he handed over that bill to you; he said, Mr. Gaskin, I cannot pay you without I get that bill changed - A. Yes.
Q. Did not he say, I will go over to Palace-yard and get that bill changed - A. No.
Q. Where do you live - A. I live at No. 26, in Marshall-street; St. George's Fields.
Q. That is in the rules - A. I believe it is.


                  JOHN 
                  BROOKS
               



            . Q. You were clerk to Mr. Bish, Cornhill, in 1808. Do you recollect the prisoner calling there in the month of August - A. I recollect a person calling there, I have not the least recollection of the prisoner's person.
MR. STROUD. Q. I believe you are the keeper of the Virginia coffee house. Do you know the prisoner Hitchin - A. I recollect his being in the house some time ago.
Q. Do you recollect the person of Shaw - A. I do not.



               GUILTY
            , aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
