






505. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GREENWOOD
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MARTIN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of April
, two pieces of carpetting, containing forty-nine yards, value 17l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Newell
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Newell
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  NEWELL
               



            . I lost this carpetting on the 9th of April, at about twenty minutes before eight o'clock; the door having been left on jar at that time in the morning, somebody got into the parlour where it was then, and stole it. In consequence of information, I saw a roll of carpeting on the seat of the privy in Mrs. Breadcult's yard; she pointed out a man to Harrison, who secured him; that was Greenwood.


                  ANTHONY 
                  HARRISON
               



            . On Tuesday morning, the 9th of April, at about eight o'clock, informationwas given me that a man had run up Mrs. Breadcutt's yard, with a carpet on his shoulder; I went to Mrs. Breadcutt's street door; it was fastened; I knocked, and it was opened. I saw the carpet lying in the privy, and Mrs. Bradcutt pointed out the man to me who left it there; he was making off, and I secured him, and took him, together with the carpet, into custody.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BELL
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Newell. On the morning in question, when I was in the kitchen, in consequence of hearing a noise in the passage, I opened the door, and saw the prisoner Martin going out of the ware-room, with a roll of carpeting on his shoulder; I asked him what he was going to do with it, and he told me my master had sent him for it. He went out at the door with it, the moment he got out he ran as hard as ever he could, and I went to the counting-house to my master.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HATTON
               



            . I ran after Martin; I called out to him, and asked him where he was taking the carpeting, and he dropped it, and ran away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I was going to work on the morning in question, and met two men, with two pieces of carpet. I believe the prisoner Greenweed to have been one of them.


                  THOMAS 
                  TRIPP
               



            . I was coming out of the gates belonging to Mr. Newell's premises on the morning in question, at a little before eight, and saw the prisoner Greenwood looking into the ware-room window. I am not certain that the other man was Martin.


                  EDWARD 
                  GROVE
               



            . I can swear that the carpeting in question was sent to Mr. Newell's.
MARTIN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
GREENWOOD, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
