








314. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LEE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of November

, one pair of scales, value 8 s.; two tea-urns, value 10 s.; one tea-pot, value 2 s.; seventy rings, value 2 s.; seventy hooks, value 2 s.; seventy turnbuckles, value 2 s., and one basket, value 3 d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Phillips
                  



               
            ; and 
               

                              SAMUEL 
                              HINTON
                           



                        
                     , and ELEANOR, his wife






            , were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, they well knowing them to have been stolen
            , against the statute.
EDWARD PHILLIPS. I am an ironmonger
, and live in Sloane-street, Knightsbridge



. On the 1st of November at night I left my shop safe, and missed these things in the morning.


                  HENRY 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am son of the last witness. On the 1st of November, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning, I went from my father's house to the shop, and found the doors forced open, and the property stated in the indictment gone; we heard nothing of it till a fortnightafter, when the father of the witness, Munton, informed me where they were sold. I went to a shop kept by the prisoners, Hinton, in Peter-street, Wardour-street, and found a pair of copper scales hanging in the window, a tea-urn on the table, and four papers of brass goods; the officer went backwards in the passage, and found a basket with some flask, and old copper in it - they both denied knowing anything of it, and said they never saw it - I am sure the property is ours. I know one of the papers of brass goods - the paper being a particular sort.


                  ELIZA 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I live in South-place, Knightsbridge. On the 31st of October, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I saw four persons go up to Mr. Phillips's shop, and look through the keyhole - one of them came to me, and bought a pennyworth of apples - they went about twenty yards off, and whispered to each other, then returned, and went up the yard, to the back of Mr. Phillips's premises - I saw them looking in at the window - they were standing about all the evening, but I saw nothing particular; I left them there about ten o'clock - Baker bought the apples, and gave them to Lee - Munton was with them; I knew them before - I am sure there was four of them.
Cross-examined by MR. ADULPHUS. They lived in the neighbourhood.


                  RICHARD 
                  MUNTON
               



            . On Saturday, the 31st of October, about six o'clock in the evening, Baker, Lee, and I met together in Exeter-street, Sloane-street, Lee said he should like to go into Mr. Phillips's shop - Baker and I agreed to it. We went about eleven o'clock at night, and all three set our backs against the doors, and burst them open. Lee and I went inside, Baker stood outside - we took two tea-urns, a pair of copper scales, a tea-pot, and several brass articles, put them on a table at the back of the shop, we came out, shutting the doors, and met Baker in front of the house; we went towards Hyde-park corner for two hours, then we all three came back to Phillips's shop. I went in at the back door, and handed all the things out to Baker and Lee, they put them into a basket which we found at the back of the shop, and concealed them in a ditch in a field at the back of Knightsbridge; Lee said he would take us to a place where they would buy them of us; we all three went together to Peter-street, Wardour-street, and knocked at Hinton's door - he keeps a marine store shop - we received no answer, and came away. Lee and Baker went home to their lodgings. I went to mine, but could not get in, it was about three o'clock in the morning. I walked about until near six o'clock, then went and called Lee. We called Baker, went to the field, and got the things - we took them to Hinton's, Lee went in, Baker and I waited outside. Lee called me in with the things; I took them into the parlour behind the shop, and put them on the table. Hinton and his wife were there. I and Lee came out.
Q. What did you do with the things - A. Left them there; there was no agreement about them; Lee said he would call again that morning - I heard no conversation about them. I was hardly two minutes there. When we got to the bottom of Princes-street I left them, and went home. I met Lee and Baker about eleven o'clock, they gave me 2 s., and I went home.
Q. Did you not think that a small portion of your profits - A. Yes, but I said nothing. I met them a few days after - they ill-used me. I never saw them afterwards.
Q. What did you do with yourselves from six o'clock until eleven - A. We walked round about Sloane-street, went up to the shop, and looked into it between seven and eight o'clock. Baker bought some apples of Mrs. Griffiths, and gave some to Lee. I am sure there was only three of us. We looked into the shop, both front and back. They told me that they got 8 s. for the things.
Q. Who did you tell this to afterwards - A. To Mrs. Phillips, and told her where the things were. I was going to enter into the American service.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Where did you live at the time - A. In the New-road, Knightsbridge. I went to school for two years, then I turned thief. Lee and Baker lodged in Exeter-buildings. We got to Hinton's about seven o'clock.
Q. Who did you see there - A. Mr. and Mrs. Hinton, and a little girl, were the only persons there. The prisoners beat me afterwards.
Q. Then you said you would be revenged - A. No; I thought it would be best to leave their company, and told Phillips of it.


                  RICHARD 
                  SMITHERS
               



            . I am a constable of Bow-street. On the 25th of November Phillips, Westcoat, and I went to execute a search-warrant at Hinton's house. I saw Mrs. Hinton, and asked her if her husband was within? she said No, but she expected him in every minute. I asked her if she had bought a tea-urn, copper scales, and those sort of things? she said there was a tea-urn and some scales. I went in - the tea-urn was on the table; Phillips claimed it, and the scales, which hung in the window. Four papers of brass-work laid in the window, for sale as I suppose - it was an old-iron shop. I told her there was another tea-urn and a tea-pot, which came with those - she said she had bought nothing else but these. On searching further, I found the basket, with some boxes, in the passage, brought it into the shop, and Phillips claimed it. I asked her how she came by it? she said she did not know how it came there, unless the children might have had it to play with in the street. I asked her if she thought she should know the person who brought them if she saw them? she said she thought she should. Her husband came in, and said he was a harness-maker, and did not deal in the shop, but his wife did, and that he did not buy them. I found some new harness up stairs, he said he made it. We took them to the magistrate, and he was set at liberty until we could find the prisoners. On the 27th of November I went to Exeter-buildings, and found the prisoners at their lodgings - they live about five doors apart. I apprehended Munton the same day on board the Cyrus, at Limehouse-hole.
Cross examined. Q. It was a broker's shop - A. Yes. The things were exposed for sale. The scales are not perfect.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WESTCOAT
               



            . I went with Smithers - he has spoken correctly.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  SAMUEL 
                  HINTON
               



            'S Defence. I know nothing of it.


                  ELEANOR 
                  HINTON
               



            'S Defence. I bought some of one man, and gave him 14 s. for them - I never saw Munton.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HINTON
               



            . I am the prisoner's son. My father is a harness-maker
, and my mother keeps a broker's shop
;I am a harness-maker, and work for Messrs. Windsor and Co., Long-acre. I was at home at the time the iron and scales were brought to the house - it was on a Sunday morning in November, between nine and ten o'clock - only one person brought them; it was neither of the prisoners, nor Munton. The man said he was a labourer, and had done some jobs for a person who was going out of town, who said these things were of no use to him, and that he had given them to him as a recompense for his labour. My mother said she would not buy them, as it was Sunday. He pleaded great distress, and said his wife and family were almost starving, and by my persuasion my mother bought them. He asked 1 l. - she gave him 14 s. 6 d. He brought them in his arms openly; they were not in a basket.
Q. What did he bring - A. A pair of scales, a coffee-urn, and some papers of brass.


                  CHARLES 
                  HINTON
               



            . I am brother to the last witness, and apprentice to Messrs. Watson, coach-makers, Long-acre. On Sunday morning, between nine and ten o'clock, my brother and I were at home, and another person; an elderly man, in a working jacket and an apron, brought the things on his arms, or in his apron, it was the scales and tea-urn - he wanted my mother to buy them; she said she did not like to buy them on the Sabbath. He said he was in distress, and my brother persuaded her to buy them. He asked 1 l. for them - she gave him 14 s. 6 d.


                  JOHN 
                  DWYER
               



            . I am a harness-maker, and live in Ogle-street. On Sunday morning, between nine and ten o'clock, I was at Hinton's house, and saw the person come in to sell the things - it was neither of the prisoners, or Munton; I had carried a harness home, which I had been sewing. Mrs. Minton was up stairs - I was waiting for my money; when she came down, the man said he was in distress, and she was persuaded to buy them; he said his master told him to clean the place out, and what rubbish there was he might have. She gave 14 s. 6 d. for them.


                  RICHARD 
                  MUNTON
               



             re-examined. When I went in I saw Mr. and Mrs. Hinton, and a little girl, nobody else.
BAKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
LEE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ELIZA HINTON - GUILTY. Aged 42.




               Recommended to Mercy
            .




               Confined One Year
            .
JAMES HINTON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
