





905. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     LANE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of September
, a gown, value 16 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Elliot
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ELLIOT
               



            . I am a single woman
, I live at No. 1, Union Street, Middlesex Hospital; I lost a five pound note, and various other articles, seven gowns, there is only one gown indicted for. The prisoner lived servant
 at No. 8 Suffolk Street; I lived servant
 with a gentleman and lady, she moved into that house, the prisoner helped me up with my box; this was the 2d of September, she observed that it was very heavy.
Q. Was your box locked. - A. No only corded. I put the box in an empty second floor, locked the door, and kept the key myself. On the next day I asked my mistress leave to go out, I obtained leave, I went to the box and got some clean things out, and to get two one pound notes, and left the five pound note in my box. This was between nine and ten on the Sunday morning. I found the things safe in my box, I locked the box and took the key up to the landlord; I returned on the Monday morning; I slept at my mothers; I went up stairs for the key, the landlord was out, I found the key on the table, I took it, and went into the room; when I came back the prisoner was gone. I found the room door locked; when I entered the room I found the rope not tied as I left it, there was nothing left in the box, all the clothes, and the five pound note were gone, I value my clothes at ten pound, I had seven gowns, they cost me twenty-five shillings each, on the 27th of October, I received information that the prisoner was in Oxford Road; I went and saw her, she had one of my gowns on her back, she said she had pledged the things, and left the duplicates at Mrs. Barlow's in Gravell Lane, and if I would forgive her, she would tell me all she could, and pay me half a guinea a week.


                  JOHN 
                  LANGLEY
               



            . I am a constable, I took charge of the prisoner, and took the gown from her person, I went to Mrs. Barlow's, Gravel Lane, I could not find any duplicates.
Prosecutrix. This is my gown.
Prisoner's Defence. I am an unfortunate girl in the street. Mr. Simpson asked me to scower a room, and on the Sunday I took my gown off to wash it, and I took that gown, and that is all.



               GUILTY
            , aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
