






830. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  KEITH
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     EVES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 1st of August
, twelve handkerchiefs, value 12 s. the property of certain persons to the jurors unknown, from their persons
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am an officer. On the 1st of August. I was in Hyde-park


; I first saw the prisoners about four o'clock in the afternoon They were in company together. I saw them about the canal where the naval fight was. I saw them very busy attempting to pick people's pockets about the canal. I had missed them about two hours. They went into the green park at the time the fireworks were going off. I saw them at the same actions there; they were picking pockets in the green park. They were going out; they were met by another: I knew him. I knew the prisoners. I knew the other man they met to be a thief. They were going out then. I followed them until they got to a public-house. I let them go into the public-house. When they were picking pockets it was impossible for me to get hold of them, the crowd was so great.
Q. Did you see them under any circumstance that you are quite sure they had actually taken pocket handkerchiefs - A. I was sure they had a number of handkerchiefs about them, and that they had actually effected their purpose. I followed them into a public-house to see what they had about them. I searched them regular. On 
               Keith
             I found concealed in his smallclothes and at his back seven handkerchiefs. On Eves I found five in his smallclothes and pockets. I secured them. The handkerchiefs have been all advertised.
Q. Do you know the persons of those people whose pockets they were picking - A. I do not. I could not bring them forward.
Eves Defence. I am quite innocent of the charge in taking anything from any person whatever. I went to Hyde-park at the time of the fair. I fell in company with Keith at six o'clock in the morning. We came out of there, and went into the green park to see the fireworks. This young man kicked his foot against a bundle; he picked it up, and opened it; it contained these handkerchiefs. We went to the public-house, and called for a pot of beer. Johnson came and took us into custody.
Keith's Defence. What the other prisoner said, is a real fact.
KEITH, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 20.
EVES, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
