





1476. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM MOOREHOUSE 
                     STONEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               unlawfully, and by false pretences, obtaining three 1 l. Bank notes, and 40 s. from 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Campbell
                        




                     
                  , with intent to defraud him thereof
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CAMPBELL
               



            . I lodge at Whitechapel. In July last I came to town from Scotland. On the 23d of September I was walking with Richardson, and saw the prisoner at the Obelisk in the Borough. Richardson went over, spoke to him, and in about five minutes he beckoned me over - I went, and Richardson said, this gentleman, Mr. Stoney, thought he had interest to get me a place in the Customs; I said I should be much obliged to him if he would. We all three walked together along Blackfriars-road, and went into a public-house. He said he shouldgo to the Custom House and see his friend, and that we were to meet him again at the Twelve Bells, public-house, Bride-lane, at twelve o'clock. We went, and he came soon after, said he had seen his friend at the Custom House, and there were two vacancies as tide-waiters, and if I would pay 35 l., I might have one of them; I said I was agreeable. He said 5 l. was to be advanced immediately for stamps, and 10 l. was to be paid when I was sworn in. I said it would be more convenient to pay the whole 30 l. by instalments - he said he would see if his friend would do that; we all three walked together to the Custom House, parted there, and appointed to meet at half-past two o'clock, in Miles-lane, Cannon-street, at a public-house, to give him the 5 l. - I went in the mean time to Whitechapel to procure the 5 l,; we met in Miles-lane. I had only got 3 l. 12 s. - it was three 1 l. notes, and the rest in silver; he said his friend agreed to take it by instalments. I said I was sorry I could not get all the 5 l.; he said if it could not be advanced I should lose the situation, as the vacancy must be filled up. I proposed to pledge my watch, which I did for two guineas - I got two 1 l. notes and 2 s.; the prisoner waited outside until I came out, we then went to Miles-lane, and he said it would be necessary to have a certificate, stating my age and where I was born, and said he should fetch me a written agreement from the Secretary of the Customs, and then I should give him the 5 l. He went away and returned in about a quarter of an hour with the agreement - this is it - (looking at it). On receiving this, I gave him three 1 l. notes and 2 l. in silver; he went away, saying, he was going to the Custom House to pay the money. He returned and said he had received half a crown for his trouble - he shewed it to me, and said we should have some dinner with it. We went to a cook-shop, and dined there, then went to a public-house, where I treated, and we parted.
Q. Were you to meet him again - A. Yes, next day, at eleven o'clock in the morning, in Miles-lane, and he was then to introduce me to his friend at the Custom House. I met him there, and he said he had been to the Custom House, that the Secretary was busy with the Commissioners, and I could not see him. We met there again, at one o'clock, he said he had seen his friend, and that it was all right. We was not to meet again until the Tuesday, for me to be sworn into office, at eleven o'clock - we met then. He left us there, and went to the Custom House to see if all was ready; he returned in about twenty minutes, and said my certificate was not come up from Dunbar, but to a certainty it would be settled on the Thursday following - we were to meet on Thursday. We went, but received a note from the prisoner - (looks at it) - this is it.
Q. He met you on Friday in consequence of the letter - A. Yes, and asked if we had received his note? I said, Yes, we had - we all three went to the Custom House together; we waited in the hall while he went up. In about ten minutes he returned, saying, the Secretary, Mr. Delavaud, was busy, and could not be seen, but we should should see him in half an hour; we waited half an hour. The prisoner then went to the Custom House again, came out again in about twenty minutes, with a letter in his hand, and said he was to carry it to the Lords of the Treasury Office, Westminster, to see if my warrant was signed. As we were walking towards the Treasury, he opened the letter, and read it in a low tone. It signified that if the warrant was ready, to give it to the bearer, and was signed J. Delavaud. Richardson and I waited at a public-house while he went to deliver the letter. He returned in about half an hour, and said he saw the warrant lying before them, but it was not signed, that some of the Lords were expected that morning, and it would then be sent down to the Custom House signed.
Q. Where did you go then - A. To the Custom House - he said he should go and tell his friend what had passed, and we parted; we met on Saturday, between eleven and twelve o'clock, in Miles-lane. He went to the Custom House to see if the warrant was come, returned, and said it was not, but Mr. Delavaud was going to the Treasury, and would bring it down in his pocket that afternoon - we parted. I received a note from him on Saturday evening, saying, that he wished to see us at nine o'clock on Sunday morning in Miles-lane. I went by myself, and asked him if he had seen his friend? He said he had, and that my warrant was come down, and that I should be sworn in on the Tuesday following, which was the 5th of October; I was to meet him then in Miles-lane. I went, but he did not come.
Q. At all these meetings you had something to eat and drink - A. Generally, and all at my expence. Finding he did not come, I went and inquired for Mr. Rentor, and found that he had not been to the Custom House for a fortnight - I never got my appointment. I accidentally met the prisoner in Little East Cheap on the Thursday following. He said if I would wait at Miles-lane, he would run to the Custom House and see if it was ready - I said I would go with him. I saw him go into the messenger's room; he returned in about five minutes, and said as sure as his name was Stoney, I should be sworn in in half an hour. I got two officers, and gave him in charge.


                  JAMES 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I live in Church-lane, Whitechapel, and was present with the last witness at the different interviews between him and the prisoner - he has spoken correctly; I saw him give the prisoner three 1 l. notes and 2 l. in silver. The prisoner gave him the agreement.
Agreement and letter referred to.
Memorandum, September 23, 1819.
By way of security to 
               
                  John 
                  Campbell
               



            , who is to be appointed a tide-waiter in the Customs, at a salary of 35 l. per annum, and 5 s. 6 d. daily, for every day he shall be on actual duty, to commence from the day he shall be sworn in; and in consideration thereof, the said 
               
                  John 
                  Campbell
               



             agrees to pay the sum of 5 l.: and a further sum of 30 l., by quarterly payments of 7 l. 10 s. each payment, to be paid out of his salary as it becomes due; and any further sum for any charges is not to be allowed or expected. The warrant to be ready on Tuesday next, and the appointment to take place on that day. Signed
G. DELAVAUD
Note referred to.
Mr. Rentor's compliments to Mr. Stoney, not seeing him at home, thought it best to leave this, to say the certificate was arrived from Dunbar, and he will be wanted on Thursday, certainly.
Mr. Stoney's compliments to Mr. Campbell, the above note was left last night. Mr. C. must have patience and keep himself quiet till then. Mr. S. has to meet a person in the Commercial-road.



                  GEORGE 
                  DELAVAUD
               



            , ESQ. I am Secretary to the Board of Customs; the memorandum is not my signature - I know nothing of the business. The prisoner is quite a stranger to me.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  JEPSON RIPLEY
               



            . I am clerk in the Secretary of the Customs Office, and have been so eleven years. The appointment of tide-waiters pass through our office; no person, named Campbell, was appointed this year - no fee is given to officers for appointments. The prisoner is quite a stranger.
Prisoner's Defence. As the parties have stated, I accidentally met Richardson; he said he had a job I could make a few pounds of, as he knew I could get situations if I liked. I said I would inquire of a person who I thought was in the Custom House, and could get those things which I had tried for myself, but for the want of money I could not. I applied to him, and he told me what to do - I told them as he instructed me; I had no interest in it. I spent ten days in going backwards and forwards; the man kept amusing me, and would not see them. He ordered me to meet him in the long-room, and I was going there when I was apprehended. I paid him the 5 l., and he gave me the memorandum.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
