






59. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     RYDER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  REYNOLDS
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of November
, a silk handkerchief, value 3 s.
             the property of a certain person to the jurors unknown.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRETT
               



            . I am a constable of the City of London. On the 9th of November, I was on my duty on Blackfriars-bridge; 
               
                  Richard 
                  Mills
               



            , my brother officer, was with me. I had been partly over the bridge, and was returning back again. It might be a little after two in the afternoon. I saw the two prisoners follow a gentleman close; I suspected them, and followed them. I saw Ryder go to the gentleman. Reynolds was behind Ryder, covering him, because he should not be seen committing the depredation. Ryder put his hand into the gentleman's pocket, took the handkerchief half out; the gentleman stepped off the curb, and walked on the horse pavement, about three yards. He did not perceive him. He got on the curb again. Reynolds went up to the gentleman and took it completely away. I seized Reynolds by the collar; the gentleman did not perceive the handkerchief drawed out until I told him. Reynolds threw the handkerchief down when I seized him. I picked it up, and holloaed after the gentleman. I said, sir, you have been robbed of your handkerchief. He said give it to me. I said, no, I cannot give it you; you must go with me. I told Mills to go and bring Ryder back. He brought Ryder to me. I kept them both in custody. The gentleman that was robbed followed me about two yards, no further; the multitude of people being so great I lost sight of him in the crowd. I have not seen him since. Some gentleman brought me these two handkerchiefs; he said, the prisoner Ryder had throwed them under a gentleman's carriage. Ryder said, he knew nothing about it, or what he was brought back for. That gentleman is not here. I took both of the prisoners to the Poultry Compter, and searched them both. I found this cotton handkerchief in Reynolds's hat, and this silk handkerchief in Ryder's hat.
Q. Now, the gentleman from whom the handkerchief was taken, are you quite sure that he did not perceive the handkerchief was taken - A. I am quite sure of it. He did not know that he had lost it untill I told him of it.
Q. Have you any knowledge who that gentleman was - A. No; he was a stranger to me, and remains so. This is the handkerchief; it is a silk handkerchief; it is worth three shillings.


                  RICHARD 
                  MILLS
               



            . I am a constable. I was with Barrett. I saw the fact as he has stated; what he has stated is correct.
Ryder's Defence. I slipped off the curb. I might catch hold of the gentleman. The constable catched hold of me, and said I picked the gentleman's pocket.
Reynolds's Defence. I was going to see my Lord Mayor take water. I ran past the middle of the bridge; this gentleman catched hold of me. I said, what is the matter. He said, you have picked a gentleman's pocket.
RYDER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 27.
REYNOLDS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
