





486. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of April
, two bonnets, value 2l. eight gowns, value 6l. five silk handkerchiefs, value 1l. one pelisse, value 50s. three shawls, value 2l. two shifts, value 10s. two half handkerchiefs, value 2s. one napkin, value 2s. three tea-spoons, value 6s. two combs, value 2s. one ring, value 10s. one veil, value 10s. two yards of calico, value 3s. one bed-gown, value 1s. three caps, value 5s. and four lace collars, value 10s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Jesson
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  JESSON
               



            . I keep a public-house
 in the Broad-way Westminster


. The prisoner was my servant
 on the 26th of April, and had lived with me about eight days. On the evening of the day in the indictment, when my daughter went up stairs, she missed a great many things, and hallooed out at the top of the stairs, that the house was robbed; I immediately ran up stairs, and found the prisoner there; I accused her of having stolen the things, and she made no answer at all. I then called an officer out of my parlour, and then she said, the things were not out of the house. By her direction, the officer went into the back yard, and there he found a bundle of things; he said, he had got them out of the sand-hole in the kitchen. She was taken to Queen-square office.


                  SARAH 
                  JESSON
               



            . Proved where the things had been deposited previous to their removal.


                  ROBERT 
                  SMITHERS
               



            . I am an officer. The prosecutor called me up stairs, and I asked the prisoner how she could be so foolish, and she said, she was very sorry for it; but the things were not out of the house. I found the things by her direction, in a kind of washhouse.
THOMAS GARNER. I am a police officer. I searched the prisoner at our office, and found this silk shawl and these two spoons on her, which are claimed by the prosecutrix.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
