





1541. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MUMFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of March
, one saw, value 10s.; four augers value 2s.; one plane, value 6d., and one gauge, value 3d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Mould
               




            ,


                  JOHN 
                  MOULD
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and live at Enfield


, On Sunday the 8th of March, I missed the tools stated in the indictment out of my workshop-the door was broken open-it had rained all night. I noticed footsteps in the yard, and laid a board over them, to prevent their being disturbed-the prisoner had worked for me two or three days before; next day he came to me for a job; I refused him. As as soon he was gone I compared the footmarks he then made with the others, and they exactly corresponded both in the number and distance of the nails, and the length and breadth of the foot. There were some nails deficient in one of the shoes, it agreed with that also. I traced the footsteps for a mile and a half, which led me very near to his house. I did not prosecute him then, being afraid of the expence, but having been robbed again I was determined to do it. I searched his lodgings last Tuesday week, and found the articles stated in the indictment there - He lived there in March also - I had lost more, I was at Highgate when he was taken at work in a saw-pit-my saw was found just by the pit - He said it was not his, his fellow workman said it was. He then said it was his, and he bought it.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. You lost them in March - A. Yes; he is a sawyer - I can swear to the saw.
RICHARD HUNT. I am servant to the prosecutor. He covered the footmarks. Next day the prisoner came - I compared the footsteps he made that day, with the others - They corresponded exactly.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
SAMUEL SLOWMAN, I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner in the saw-pit-the prosecutor claimed thesaw-the prisoner said it was not his. He afterwards said he bought it with the rest of the things found at his lodgings, of a broken-down sawyer.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
