






383. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  THACKER
               




             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of May
, fourteen pounds weight of coffee, value 20 s.
             the property of our sovereign Lord the King.
SECOND COUNT for like offence, the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Hanwell
                  




               
            .
EDWARD PEARCE. I am one of the constables employed in the West India Docks


. On Monday the 6th of this month, I was on duty at the gate, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon I saw the two prisoners, they were coming towards the gate, they were walking together; they turned under a shed opposite No. 1, from that shed they could get to another; I followed them and found them under No. 11, when I came up to them they were about ten yards apart; I first seized Thompson. I felt at his coat pocket, and I felt something like coffee; I told him to stand there, and not to throw any thing away. He wanted me to let him go and to say nothing about it.
Q. Did you know the two prisoners were two Excise officer

s - A. I did. I then quitted Thompson and went after Thacker.
Q. When you had stopped Thompson what became of Thacker - A. He quitted the shed and got on board a ship discharging at No. 11, I followed him on board the ship, I left Thompson in the shed, and told him to stay there; he could not get out of the dock at that time. When I got up to Thacker I felt something in his coat pocket, which felt like coffee; I told him to come along with me, which he did. I brought him back to the shed where Thompson was; I took them both into one of the dock offices; I searched them both one after the other; Yardley, another constable was present. I searched Thacker first, I found a quantity of coffee in a handkerchief in his hat. This is the handkerchief and the coffee; I found part of the coffee in his coat pockets; I have put it altogether in the handkerchief; there is here what I found in the handkerchief, and I have added to it what I found in his pockets; I then searched Thompson, I found a quantity of coffee in a handkerchief in his hat, and coffee loose in both his pockets, the quantity was about six pounds. I asked Thompson how he came by it, Thacker was in the same room, he informed me that he got it from a vessel, down below, forward. I then took them to the police office.
Q. Did you find in your way that one of them had a knife - A. Yes, Thacker; this is it, it is a common knife.
Q. The next morning did you go on board a schoonerof the name of Madorosa - A. Yes. I had learned then that was the ship on board which they were stationed, she was lying afloat in the West India Import Dock, she had not commenced the discharge of her cargo.
Q. Did you go down to that part of the schooner which Thompson described below, forward - A. I did; that is in the forescuttle.
Q. Did you feel about and discover whether any coffee had been disturbed there - A. I did. There is no light permitted to be there. I found a board had been wrenched at the upper part of the bulk head. The bulk head is the partition that separates the cargo from the men's birth.
Q. Was this board sufficiently open for you to put your hand in - A. It was, and when I put my hand in it found its way to a in a hole bag of coffee. I took a sample of that coffee, this is it; it appears to correspond with that found on the persons of the prisoners. The fore-scuttle was afterwards locked up until the commencement of the discharge of the cargo, which was on the 14th of May. I had chalked two bags through the hole. I attended the discharge of the cargo until they came to them bags. One bag that I had marked is marked I. S. I. 43; the other bag is marked I. S. I. 22. Both the bags appeared to be cut; the bag that I put my hand into was No. 43, and there appeared to be taken out of the bag, No. 43, from eighteen to twenty pound; and the bag No. 22, appeared to me that it would hold fourteen or fifteen pounds to fill it, it was a damaged bag; I took both the bags away, and have had them in my custody ever since, and what I took from the prisoner I have had in my custody ever since. At the police office the prisoner said it was given him by the mariners. This is the bag 43, there is a cut about eight inches, and this bag 22, there is a cut twelve inches.


                  JONATHAN 
                  YARDLEY
               



            . I am a constable at the West India docks. At the time that has been spoken to I was on duty near the the gate, Pearce quitted me to go after these men at the shed; shortly after he called to me to assist him; I went; he had got hold of Thacker; I took hold of Thompson, they were taken into the office, and searched and the coffee was found upon the prisoners as Pearce has described in their hats and their pockets, I saw them both searched Thompson begged and prayed of me to let him go; I said to him, if you are fool enough to lose your own bread I must keep mine. We took them away to the police office.


                  JOHN 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am a tide-waiter. I went on board the Madorosa at Gravesend on the 30th of April the vessel came in the dock on the 1st of May, and I believe the crew came into the dock; I believe they left the vessel to go on shore at the time of locking up the dock; as all the people do at the close of the day on that evening.
Q. Do you know the persons of the prisoners on what day did they come on board the vessel - A. On the same day with me at Gravesend.
Q. Did the two prisoners remain on board the vessel untill the 6th - A They were.
Q. Do you recollect between the first of May and the 6th of May whether the fore-scuttle was open or closed - A. It was frequently opened.
Q. Were you on board this schooner on the 6th of May - A. Yes, and the two prisoners were on board that day; on that day I left the vessel about half past one o'clock, the two prisoners and the mate were then on board, and no one else; I did not return to the vessel till the next morning. I then learned that the two prisoners were in custody. The mate came to his work the next morning as usual.


                  ARTHUR 
                  BEDWELL
               



            . I am an excise tideman. I was so on the 6th of May.
Q. After these prisoners were taken were you sent on board the next morning - A. I was sent on board the Madorosa the next morning about nine o'clock, in the West India Import Dock; Mitcheson and Pearce went with me and Parker. I continued I these six or seven days until the cargo was all discharged; during that time no person could get at these bags, they remained locked up in the hatch until Mitcheson and Pearce took them out.


                  RICHARD 
                  ONDER
               



            . I was the captain of the Madorosa in May last. I brought the vessel to the West India Import Dock; I had the charge of all the contents of the ship, the cargo consisted of coffee and cotton. The coffee was stowed in the hold of the vessel.
Q. Was any part in the forescuttle - A. In the aft part of the forescuttle, the bulk head divided the people from the cargo.
Mr. Alley. I take it for granted your men bring an adventure for themselves - A. It is very often done.
COURT. Had the men any coffee of their own - A. None, to my knowledge. I found some rum in the men's birth.


                  JOHN 
                  PRINCEP
               



            , JUN. Q. You are a partner in the house of Princep and Co. - A. I am; the partners names are 
               
                  John 
                  Princep
               



            , senior, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Parsons
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Princep
               



            , junior. We were the consignees of coffee in the Madorosa I. S. I. 22 and 43, were consigned to us.
Thacker's Defence. This said coffee that we had was taken out of the seamens chest; they left it in the birth place when they went away; they told me and Thompson we might have it.
Thompson's Defence. The same.
Thacker called no witnesses to his character.
Thompson called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
THACKER - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.
THOMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 35.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
