





237. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     CUTLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of December
, ten live tame fowls, price 20 s, the property of 
                     
                        John Final 
                        Cook
                     



                  , and seven live tame rabbits, price 7 s
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Edwin 
                     Cook
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  FINAL COOK
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and live at Heston


; the fowls and rabbits were in an outhouse. On the 27th of December, at night, it was broken open, and the fowls gone.


                  EDWIN 
                  COOK
               



            . I lost my rabbits out of the place next to the fowls - I had locked them up at eight o'clock the night before, and missed them at five the next morning.


                  THOMAS 
                  BRANSGROVE
               



            . I am a publican. On the 24th of December, between four and five o'clock in the morning, I was at Acton with Mr. Bailey - it was dark, and foggy; I heard somebody coming on. We stopped opposite the Red Lion, and two men came opposite us, one had a bag on his back - the prisoner had a basket. I crossed over to them, and asked the man what was in the bag, as I saw it was something alive; he said they were hares. I asked him where he got them? he said out of the country. I put my hand into the prisoner's basket, found feathers, and asked him if he had got pheasants? he said
"Yes, and a few fowls." I asked him if he got them from the same place? he said Yes. I collared the other man, and told him he must go with us, to see what he had got. I had not got ten yards when the prisoner passed me on the road, in Bailey's custody. He got from him, and ran by me. I gave the other man to Bailey and collared him. The other man then got from Bailey. I kept hold of the prisoner, took him to my house, searched him, and found a flint, a gimlet, and three or four pieces of raw beef in his waistcoat pocket. I asked him if that was to stop the dogs from barking? - he made no answer. I found nine hens and a cock, dead, and a small liver, in his basket. There were seven live rabbits in the other man's bag.


                  JOHN 
                  FINAL COOK
               



            . I know them to be mine.
Prisoner's Defence. The other man asked me to help him with them - I did not know what it was.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 60.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
