





99. 
               
                  LOUISA 
                  PERKINS
               




             was indicted for 


               that she, on the 4th of November
, a certain child, of the age of five years and seven months, maliciously and feloniously, by force, did take and carry away, with intent to deprive 
                     
                        Susannah 
                        Potter
                     




                  , its parent, of the possession of the said child, by concealing and detaining it from her
            .
SECON COUNT, the same, only stating her intent to be to steal on bonnet, value 2s.; one pelisse, value 6s.; one frock, value 2s.; one pair of trowsers, value 2s.; one pair of stockings, value 1s.; and one pair of boots, value 3s., the goods of Susannah Potter, the said clothes then being on and about the person of the said child.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  POTTER
               



            . I am a widow
, and live in Vere-street, Clare-market


. I have an only child, who is five years and seven months old. On the 4th of November, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning. I sent her out, with a basket and cloth, to buy some rolls, at the corner of Vere-street; she not returning made me uneasy. I went to see for her, and sent persons in different directions. As I was coming home, between ten and eleven o'clock, a person called to me, and said my child was at home - I found her at home with Mr. Hutchins.
Cross-examined by MR. REYNOLDS. She was a good-natured child, and easily enticed away.
EMMA POTTER. I live with my mother, in Vere-street, Clare-market-my mother sends me on errands; I go to school by myself. My mother sent me for some rolls-when I went out at the door the prisoner was on the opposite side of the way - I crossed over, and went up the street; she followed me up the street and took hold of my hand, then she loosed it, and I went into the baker's. She then took me up in her arms and carried me - She put me down, to walk, in Lincoln's Inn-fields. We went down Portugal-street - she walked me about the Temple. I went through dark passages, and when I had almost got to Blackfriars Bridge, Mr. Gibson took me away from her.
Q. What did she say to you when she first spoke to you - A. She said she would buy me some biscuits, and make me some doll's things.
Q.Was you not surprised at her taking you by the arm - A. Yes; I said nothing. I am sure the prisoner is thewoman. I had an old coat and bonnet on-she did not take any thing from me. She did not say where she was going to take me. I never saw her before.
Cross-examined. She walked by me, and took hold of my arm. I expected to get the doll's things.
JAMES GIBSON. I am a cooper, and live in Redcross-street, Borough. I was passing through Temple-bar on the 4th of November, about ten minutes after nine o'clock in the morning, and saw the prisoner holding the child by the wrist, and walking down Fleet-street - the child resisted as much as possible. She appeared to me to have been crying bitterly. I followed her to the archway, leading to the Temple - She dragged the child down there as far as the Piazza-the child resisted very much, and was very unwilling to go with her. She took it through a passage, down two or three steps, and conversed with it. I heard her say she would buy it some biscuits. She came out of the passage, and turned round to the Piazza again - She went down the passage again, through the steps towards the gardens, and attempted to go through, but it was stopped up; she returned, crossed over, and came on the parade. I followed her into Tudor-street (there is a passage which leads from William-street into Tudor-street)-the child resisted very much there. She had a basket and a napkin in her hand, the napkin fell out on the pavement. I crossed over, and attampted to take the child from the prisoner - She was unwilling to let me have it. I asked her what she was going to do with it? the prisoner said, "D-n you, Sir, what is it to you? she is my niece; she has been disorderly and disobedient, and I shall do what I think proper with her."The child still resisted very much, until it got to the corner of William-street, leading to Blackfriars-bridge. I told a person who was passing that I thought she had stolen the child; with his assistance, I took the child away while he held her. I told her I would give her in charge - She said there was no occasion for that, as she was its aunt, and would go to the parents with me. I asked the child where its friends lived? she said, they lived at No. 15, Vere-street, Clare-market. The prisoner said the child was correct, and she would go with me to its friends. I told her, if she would I should feel satisfied, and if not, I should give her in charge. She was willing to come with me. We returned the same road she came. Just as we came to the passage, with the steps, she attempted to run away. I told her I certainly would see the child to its friends. Mr. Hodson, a solicitor, passing at the time, said he would send an officer, he sent Hutchins - I gave him the child to take home. The prisoner stopped with me until he returned, and said he had found its mother almost distracted. He took her in charge.
Cross-examined. No person interfered with me until Hutchins came. I was going into the Borough, and followed her.


                  JOHN 
                  HUTCHINS
               



            . Gibson called me to take the child. I went to Vere-street with it, where I found her mother. When I returned he had the prisoner in charge.
Prisoners Defence. I was quite ignorant of any thing - I was insensible at the time.
THOMAS SMITH. She appeared as if she had been drinking. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
