





324. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Turner
                     



                  , about the hour of seven in the night of the 18th of March
, with intent to steal, and for burglariously stealing therein, three pair of half boots, value 12s. two pair of shoes, value 4s. two blankets value 7s. and one rug, value 3s.
             the property of the said 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Turner
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am a shoe-maker
; I went out on the evening of the day of the indictment, and returned at about half past seven o'clock. I had gone out only half an hour before. The place which was broke open, was a work-shop of mine, a little way from my house, where the lads sleep; two apprentices and my own son. As I was returning home I put my hand against the door as I usually did; I found the top part open, and on putting my knee against the bottom part; it also gave way. The lower part of the door, (it being a hatch) could only open half way, for the bedstead. I asked who is there, and no one answered. I thought I heard something move very slow in the shop, and I requested a man who was going past at the other side of the way, to knock at the next door, which was mine. My wife hearing my voice, came to the door of my house with a light, and then the prisoner made an attempt to come out of the shop. I caught hold of him half in and half out. I took him by the collar, and took him to my own house; some neighbours came in and I left him with them. I then went back to our shop to examine if I had lost any thing. I found nothing missing; but two blankets and a rug were rolled up together at the foot of the bed. I found three pair of half boots, and a pair of man's shoes removed from the place where I had left them.


                  THOMAS 
                  BATES
               



            . I left the shop at half past six o'clock, and it was just upon dark then. I fastened up the shop by nailing the upper part of the door with a nail, and a piece of leather; then we come underneath and fasten the lower part, by locking it. I then took the key into the house after I had done, to hang it on the nail. The other apprentice had gone out a quarter of an hour before me. There were only these doors and a window to the shop, and I had fastened the window also. The blankets and rug had been laid smooth on the bed, ready to come to bed. When I went out, there were three pair of half boots lying by master's seat, and also a pair of shoes.


                  ROBERT 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am a headborough belonging to the parish. I was sent for between seven and eight o'clock on the evening of the day in question, to take charge of the prisoner; and after I had lodged him in the watch-house, I went to this shop the next morning to examine it, I did not find any violence on the door at all. I could not discover how it had been opened. The nail I understood, it had been fastened with, was put into my hands by the last witness. I saw the hole in the door-post where the nail had been driven. I look upon it that the upper part of the door had been pushed open, and then the hand was put in and opened the lock, which was a spring one.
Prisoner's Defence. As I was coming home from my work on the same evening, I was coming down Birdcage-walk, I heard a parcel of men coming along, and I expected they were intoxicated; they were hallooing out, there was a mad bullock; and seeing this place open, I ran in until it was come by, as I thought; and as I was coming out, the prosecutor stopt me, and accused me of robbing his place; that is all I know.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Wood.
