





1128. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BOWMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of August
, one pair of pantaloons, value 1l.; one waistcoat, value 12s.; one hat, value 14s.; one pair of shoes, value 7s.; two shirts, value 12s.; two handkerchiefs, value 7s., and one pair of stockings, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Coleman
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
JOHN COLEMAN. I am an iron-founder
, and lodge at Mr. Welch's, in Tottenham-court-road


. In August last I went to work over the water, and left my lodging for a week - I returned on the 20th, and missed the property; I met the prisoner on Westminster Bridge - He lived with me at Welch's - I asked him how he came to rob me? he said he was drunk or he should not have done it, and that he would make it good to me. I told him to come with me-when we got to St. Martin's-lane, he said he must have some drink, and that he would pay me when he received his prize-money; he ran away, but was stopped.


                  MICHAEL 
                  WELCH
               



            . I live in Blue-court, Tottenhamcourt-road. Coleman left my lodging on the 18th of August, leaving the things in my charge-the prisoner slept in the same room with him. On the 20th of August I missed his property. The prisoner said he had pledged the things.
ANN WELCH. I saw Coleman's things safe on the 19th of August; the door of the room was locked every morning, and the key hung up; I went out and when I returned I missed the key.
ELIZA HUSSEY. I was left in care of the house. On the 20th of August, about eight o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came in and asked me to make his tea for him; he took the key off the nail and went up to the room; when he came down I told him there was a man waiting for him in the court; he went out, returned, and went up stairs again, he then came down and went out with a bundle, without his breakfast, took the key with him, and never returned.


                  ISAAC 
                  PIKE
               



            . I am a constable. On the 30th of August I was in New-street, Covent-garden; about half-past eight o'clock, I heard the alarm, and stopped the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I left because I could not pay my rent.
GUILTY. Aged 23.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Holroyd.
