





465. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES EDWARD 
                     COX
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of February
, a watch, value 25 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Delany
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  FORTY
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  Peter 
                  Delaney
               



            , he keeps a goldsmith and jeweller's shop
, 68, New Bond-street


, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square. On the 16th of February last, about half past seven in the evening, I was in the shop alone; the prisoner came in.
Q. Look at him; are you certain he is the man - A. I am certain. He asked to look at a watch which was suspended in the window. I took it down; he examined it; I gave it into his hand. He then requested to look at some others, which I accordingly took down. He then desired me to recommend him one which I thought was a good one, that would do him service. I did; I recommended him the best watch in the shop. He asked me whether I could warrant it to perform well. I told him I would warrant it to perform remarkably well. After a little conversation he desired me to reach him one suspended at the left of the window. While I was turning myself to reach that watch, the prisoner ran out of the shop. I saw him have the watch in his hand, and when I turned round again he and the watch was gone. I could not pursue him; I was alone.
Q. What was the value of the watch - A. Twenty-five pounds. It was a gold watch; it was worth more than that. We could not purchase one of that quality for ten pounds more. It was the property of 
               
                  Peter 
                  Delaney
               



            . Last week I was informed the prisoner was in custody in the city; I went there, and recognised him.
Q. How long was he bargaining and talking about this watch - A. I should imagine he was in the shop about four minutes; it was dark; we had a lighted candle in the shop, and a lamp.
Prisoner's Defence. Situated as I am, not having time to send to my friends, trusting entirely to a jury of my country, which is the greatest gratification to a prisoner, the trial by jury. Gentlemen, the man who knows his innocence can put his hand to his heart, and has nothing to fear. I declare, most solemnly, gentlemen, that I am as innocent as any of you. I am situated without a counsel, having been committed on Saturday. Gentlemen, I have been at large after having undergone three examinations. I was acquitted of the whole charge, but I fell within the domain of Bow-street. I now appear before you. Gentlemen, now the prevarication of the witness I will ask you. The witness now swears positively to me. It is now three months ago; whether from that period to four months, which positively did not exceed a minute and a half, how he can prevaricate before a jury. I should be sorry to say that he is the individual that did the act himself. I can thus much declare, no property has been found. It is something extremely singular, at the office he felt a degree of agitation in swearing to me, now he can swear to me. If I had shrunk from the court I must have been a guilty man, though conscious I am that whatever your verdict may be I shall be satisfied. To my God and my country I leave it. I have not been allowed time to call my friends, or else I could have confirmed my innocence.




               GUILTY
            , aged 26,
Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
