





1262. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CONNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of September
, one gown, value 2l.; one petticoat, value 10s.; one handkerchief, value 2s.; one apron, value 1s.; one waistcoat, value 1s.; and one silk handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Giddens
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of Joseph Plumpton
            .


                  JANE 
                  GIDDENS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Giddens
               



            , I lived servant with 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Plumpton
               



            , in Fleet-market


. On the 7th of September, the house caught fire - I left it about eight o'clock in the evening, leaving my box in the garret; I returned the next day about eleven o'clock, and missed the articles stated in the indictment.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LOOK
               



            . I belong to the Custom-house. I went to the fire and brought several of the things out of the three pair of stairs, and took them to Mr. North's, just by; I saw the prisoner come from Mr. Plumpton's door(I did not see him within the door), with a bundle under his arm, I watched him past Mr. North's door - He went into the crowd - I went after him and laid hold of him and took it from him; I asked him where he was going with the things, he either said he was going to take care of them, or going to take them home; I brought him back, with the officer's assistance, and took him to Mr. North's. The bundle contained the articles stated in the indictment.
THOMAS BRANSCOMB. I am an officer. I was at the fire between eight and nine o'clock, keeping the crowd back; I saw the last witness and the prisoner with a bundle under his arm, he endeavoured to get among the crowd; I laid hold of him - He said he was not going to keep them, but was going to take them to some place, I do not exactly recollect; there was an open space for the things to go through the market, where every thing that was saved was taken; the prisoner was passing among the thickest of the crowd, quite away from the place mentioned, to convey the property away. I took him to the Compter, with great difficulty, he made a great resistance. I took him about fifteen yards from the fire - He said he lived on Saffron-hill, but would not say where there.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I took them to take care of.
GUILTY. Aged 28.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
