







1506. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PRIMROSE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MARTIN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of September
, two reins, value 8s.; two pair of harness and traces, value 30s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Walker
                        



                     
                  ; one collar, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Jarman
                     



                  ; and one bridle, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Martin
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am a butcher
, and live at Knightsbridge


. On the 24th September I lost the articles stated in the indictment out of my stable, which was broken open. The prisoners lived in the neighbourhood.
WILLIAM SPENDLOVE. I am a dealer in harness, and live in Crawford-street. On the 24th of September, about half-past ten o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoners in Oxford-street. They said they had two chaise-harness and four saddles, for sale. I told them where I lived. They said they would bring them in a coach by ten o'clock. Knowing Primrose, I got two officers from Marlborough-street to attend at my house. About half-past nine o'clock Primrose knocked at the door and said, "We have only got the two chaise-harness, but the four saddles you shall have in the morning." He made use of a bad expression, and said he would make a good thing of it for me and himself too before the winter was out. While he was speaking, Martin came to the door and called the coach up, which was two or three doors off, and pulled the harness out of two flour sacks which were in the coach. They put them at the top of my kitchen stairs. Primrose turned them out, and said he wanted three guineas for them. called the officers down.


                  JOHN 
                  WALES
               



            . I am an officer. I attended at Spendlove's house, by his desire. I saw the coach at the door, and found the prisoners down stairs, bargaining for the harness. I asked if it was their's? They denied all knowledge of it. Spendlove said they came to sell it to him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
PRIMROSE'S Defence. I found it on the road at Brompton.
MARTIN'S Defence. I met Primrose, and went to sell it with him.
PRIMROSE-

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
MARTIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
