






1320. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WATERS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HURLOCK
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of July
, one saw, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Davis
                     



                  ; four saws, value 5s.; one chisel, value 6d.; one screw-driver, value 1s.; one hammer, value 2d., and one coat, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Braine
               



            .
JOHN DAVIS. I am a bedstead-maker
, and lives at Leipzic Cottage, City-road


. On the 19th of July, about nine o'clock in the morning, I found my shop broken open, and the articles stated in the indictment gone.
GEORGE 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BRAINE
               



            . I am Mr. Davis's journeyman
. I missed the things out of the shop.
THOMAS MAYHEW. I am a patrol of Bow-street. On the 19th of July, about a quarter after three o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoners come from Leipzic Cottage, and walk down the City-road; one of them appeared bulky round the body. I secured Hurlock; the things fell from under his coat. Williams run away.
JOHN AVERY. I am a Bow-street officer., I was with Mayhew, and saw the prisoners come from the back of Leipzic Cottage, each had a great-coat on, and appeared bulky; Mayhew took Hurlock, and I took Waters-the saw fell from his back; he slipped his arms out of his coat, and ran off. I followed, and took him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
WATERS'S Defence. I saw Hurlock looking at the things; he asked me to carry the coat and saw for him.
HURLOCKS'S Defence. I found them among some rubbish.
WATERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
HURLOCK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 52.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
