





94. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOWARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of November
, 100 lbs. of lead, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hobson
                        




                     
                  , jun. and fixed to a certain building of his
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  JOHNSTON
               



            . I am coachman to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Hobson
               



            , jun. who lives at Tottenham


. On the 6th of November, in the night, some of the lead-covering of the stable was stolen. The stable is about five hundred yards from the dwelling-house. On the 12th more was taken, and more on the 22d. It was all taken from the same outhouse. I saw the last quantity on the day before. After we missed that stolen on the 12th, we thought proper to watch. On the morning of the 22d of November, between five and six o'clock, Wood was watching, and called me. I went round into the main road, and met the prisoner with the lead on his shoulder, about a quarter of a mile from the road. I laid hold of him, and told him to stop, or I would blow his brains back. He surrendered. We took him out. The lead produced was taken from the coach-house; it appeared fresh cut. We took him to the constable's.


                  THOMAS 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am gardener to Mr. Hobson. We were watching on the 22d of November, and about five o'clock I saw a man on the top of the stable, taking the lead off. I told my fellow-servant; he went into the main road, and came upon him close by it, with the lead on his shoulder. It was not light. He gave no account of himself. We had not seen him before. We took him to the constable.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
WILLIAM GOODACRE. I am a constable. The prisoner and the lead was brought to me. He said he was caught in the act, and would not deny it.
Prisoner's Defence. I beg for mercy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
