





921. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SAUNDERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of May
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Lloyd
                        




                     
                  , one 5l. and three 1l. bank notes, his property
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I live at Bow. I am a sailor
, and belong to an East Indiaman. On the 20th of May I was at the East India House, about one o'clock, and received a 5l. and four 1l. notes. I was intoxicated very much, but knew what I was about. I held the money in my hand. I was in the prisoner's company the best part of the day before - He came as far as St. Mary Axe, towards the India House, with me, on that day; he heard me tell the people in our company that I was going there to receive money. I went back to the George, public-house


, after I had got my money, the prisoner joined me at the step of the house; I was putting my money up, he said he would be d-d if I should have any more to get drunk with, and took it from me. I did not know where he lived. I got drinking with him at the George, and got more intoxicated. He was taken up the same day.


                  MICHAEL 
                  KELLY
               



            . I am a Custom House officer. I was in the George, public-house, between four and five o'clock that afternoon, the prisoner and prosecutor were drinking together, in company with a woman. I did not think the prosecutor was very drunk. I suspected the prisoner, having heard the prosecutor had been receiving money. I advised the prosecutor to give his money to the landlord until the morning. The prisoner called me a b-dy Jacob, and asked if I thought he was going to be taken-in by a flat of my kind-that he had been too long in town. On my asking him to give the money to the landlord, he snapped his fingers, and said he would see me d-d first. I did not know he had got the prosecutor's money - I only took the sailor's word for it. I told the prisoner if he did not give up the money I would send for an officer, which I did; as soon as the officer came Itold him the prisoner had got the prosecutor's money - He denied having more than 1l. about him, and said he had none of the prosecutor's money. The officer searched him - He attempted to strike him. I laid hold of one of his arms. The officer found a 5l. and three 1l. notes, in his pocket. He then said we were all a set of thieves together. I had advised him before the officer, to give the the money up to the man; he said he had it, and would keep it.


                  JOHN 
                  RICE
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for, and found the prosecutor and prisoner together, with a woman-the prosecutor was drunk. Kelly said the prosecutor had been robbed. I asked him if he had been robbed? he said, Yes. Kelly pointed out the prisoner as the man. I desired him to give the man his money; he said he had not got it, and had not robbed the prosecutor. I told him not to be obstinate, but return the money, and keep himself out of trouble; he insisted that he had not got the money. I then attempted to search him - He tried to strike me in the face, I stopped the blow, collared him, searched him, and found a 5l. and three 1l. notes upon him. He then said he only meant to take care of them - He had denied having them several times.
Prisoner's Defence. He gave it to me to take care of. - SMITH. I am a jobbing porter. I saw the prisoner and prosecutor come out of the East India House-the prosecutor was drunk, and gave the prisoner his money to take care of; they both went over to the George public-house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
