





733. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MASCARY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of July
, one hat, value 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wiltshire
                        



                     
                  ; and one other hat, value 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Blackwell
                        



.
- JOHNSON. I am a waiter at Tom's coffee-house in Cor


nhill. On Monday the 12th of this month the prisoner came to our house, and soon after he had left the seat we observed we had lost two hats, and having noticed the prisoner coming for some length of time in a very suspicious manner, always with a green bag, caused our suspicion. After we had lost the hats I said I was sure he had taken the hats. About an hour after the hats were missing I was in Gracechurch-street; the prisoner passed me with the bag in his hand. I clearly perceived that there were two hats in the bag. I followed him; he observed me follow him; he attempted in a manner to avoid me. I followed him into the gateway of the Cross Keys, Gracechurch-street. As soon as he saw I followed him there, he went up the yard; I still followed him, until he came into Bell-alley, where I stopped him, and told him a little time ago he wasat Tom's coffee-house, and drank a glass of punch. I told him there was a friend of his would be very glad to see him there. He answered, he would come by-and-by. I told him I would not leave him until he went to the coffee-house He resisted; I still kept hold of him. By a good deal of persuasion I took him there. I took him up stairs into a private room; I immediately sent for an officer. In the mean time that the officer was gone for, he acknowledged that he had got the hats, but that he would give them up to me. He offered me a pound note to let him go. I told him, that I could not do. I delivered him into Harrison, the officer's charge. Soon after, we took him to the Poultry Compter, where the hats were taken out of the bag.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILTSHIRE
               



            . I am a waiter
 at Tom's coffee-house. One of these hats are mine; the other is 
               
                  George 
                  Blackwell
               



            's.


                  ANTHONY 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am a constable. On Monday evening, about half after eight, I was fetched by the waiter to Tom's coffee-house, Cornhill. The prisoner was given in my charge for stealing two hats. These are the two hats. There was also in the green bag this mat tied up as it is now. I searched the prisoner: I found on him: one pound note, a shilling, and a sixpence, two duplicates of eight waistcoats in pawn, and a pencil-case.
Q. to Johnson. What time of day was he at your house - A. He left the house about seven o'clock in the evening; it was about eight when I took him.
Prisoner's Defence. I throw myself on the mercy of this honourable court.



               GUILTY
            , aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
