







1512. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RICHARDSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of September

, ten tin canisters, value 10s.; and 118lbs. of lead, value 17s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Kiallmark
                        



                     
                  ; the said lead being fixed to a certain building
            ; and 
               
                  MARY 
                  ROWLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been feloniously stolen
            .
JOHN MILLER. I am a watchman of St. Lukes's. On Sunday morning, the 28th of September, about three o'clock, I was going my rounds and found the back-door of the house at the corner of French-alley, Goswell-street



, broken open; about half an hour before that, I had seen the prisoners, Richardson and Wright, coming out of the passage which leads out of French-alley into Hatfield-street, going towards the house; Wright went into the prisoner, Rowley's, house; Richardson waited about five minutes in the alley, and then came out and went down Goswell-street; I went round another way and met him - He turned back again and went into Hatfield-street; I took no more notice of him until three o'clock, when I found the house broken open, I went in and found fifty-six feet of the leaden water-pipe taken away-it was an empty house; I went to the watch-house, Johnston, Ustonson, and myself went to the prisoner, Rowley's, house-this was between three and four o'clock on the Sunday morning; the outer door was open and the inner door shut - She keeps a chandler's shop; the shutters were up. I knocked at the shop-door, they would not admit us - We forced the door open - I waited outside.


                  JOHN 
                  USTONSON
               



            . I am a constable. On the 28th of September, about three o'clock in the morning, I went to the house at the corner of French-alley, and found the water-pipe gone, and the water flowing about the cellar; I went to Rowley's house - They would not let us in; the watchman and I got down through the cellar-window, and found part of the pipe in the middle of the cellar, and the rest at the back; it measured fifty-six feet, and corresponded within one foot, with the place where it had been taken from-it was rolled up. I could not see the full extent of it. While I was in the cellar, I saw the prisoner, Richardson, go across the yard - I got out of the front window and went into the shop, after forcing the door, and found a good fire in the shop; I went into the yard and found Richardson in custody - He was dressed; I found eight tin canisters in the yard, and returned tothe shop and found the prisoner, Rowley, in the shop, in her shift, and the prisoner, Wright, in a room adjoining, in her hed, with his clothes on-his shoes were muddy; I found two tin canisters in the shop, covered over with a sack, under the counter, and seven lids of the canisters near a chair by the fire; there was a great deal of water in the pipe. We took them into custody-the next morning I went to the premises and found the lock had been forced; I found another canister-lid and a crow-bar at Rowley's house, which fitted the marks made in the door.
JOHN GARNER. I was with them at the house-the witnesses have spoken correctly.
WILLIAM 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  LYLE
               



            . I am an agent to 
               
                  George 
                  Kiallmark
               



            , who is the owner of the house; the pipe and canisters were safe two days before the robbery.


                  JOHN 
                  MILLER
               



            , re-examined. The door was safe at half-past two o'clock-it is forty or fifty yards from the prisoner, Rowley's, house; it might have only been put to; if the pipe was cut before they could have had time to take it away.


                  HENRY 
                  MAY
               



            . I am a bricklayer, and live in the prisoner, Rowley's, second floor. On the 27th of September, about twelve o'clock at night, I was looking out of the back staircase window-there is no glass in it; I saw Richardson come out of the passage, by French-alley, with a load under his arm - He turned into Rowley's house; in a minute after I saw the other prisoner following him with another load - They appeared very heavy; I went down to the front door, and saw them go through the shop to the back-door, and throw their loads into the cellar - They do not sleep in the house; Richardson lodges at No.3, in the same street.
JOHN EVANS. I lived in Keallmark's house as a tenant, about four months ago, I left the canisters there and the pipe in the cellar.
WRIGHT'S Defence. I know nothing of it.
ROWLEY'S Defence. I know nothing of it - I was in bed. I let my house out.
WRIGHT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
RICHARDSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.
ROWLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 54.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
