







107. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     PARKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3rd of November

, one piece of timber, value 40 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Sharp
                  



               
             widow, and 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     GOULD
                  



               
             and 
               
                  GWIN 
                  TURNER
               




for 


               feloniously receiving on the same day the th goods, she well knowing it to be stolen
            .
MR. BECKWELL. I superintent the timber at Mr. Mill's Dockyard; at the Isle of Dogs; I did not miss the timber until it was found. This piece of timber was shewed me by the officer Evans; upon examining, I found it was missing; the value of it, when lost, was more than found; the worth of it is forty pounds. The marks were F P for the ships name and M for Mills. It was formerly one piece, it is now cut the mark remained. I knew it directly I saw it, it was not defaced in any way. It was fifty six feet and a half long.


                  THOMAS 
                  MILLS
               



            . I am a waterman; I ply at stone stairs, just by Rayner's wharf; I went on shore, with some passengers. I saw Parker on the wharf, I did not know his business: the next day the 4th of November. I saw it in the morning moved to Rayers wharf; Parker was upon the timber he was assisting in craneing it. I came out in the morning about seven o'clock; I saw Parker and several working men the timber was brought before I came out in the morning they were heaving it up on Rayner's wharf; I saw no more until I saw it sawed, I think that was on the same day I will not be sure; I saw it sawed at a little after seven o'clock. I saw it being sawed by two men, as I was going off with a fare.


                  JAMES 
                  TWEESEY
               



            . I am a waterman. I saw this piece of timber on Mr. Rayners wharf on Friday the 4th of November; I saw Parker assist in craneing of it. I came out, it was heaving up a slip that was made on purpose for heaving of timber.
JOHN FORD. I remember this piece of timber being brought on Friday morning the 4th of November, Parker and the others said it must be landed on the wharf; they said they had permission of Mr. Rayner on the over night. I went to borrow a rope of Mr. Pallister, Mr. Rayner was by, I got the tackle ready, and it was brought on the wharf.
Q. In the course of that day afterwards did Turner come - A. Yes; he came down and cross-cut this piece of timber; he brought a saw with him, and cut it in two. I assisted him, after he had cut it in two he said, he believed Mr. Gould was coming to draw it.
Q. Who paid you for wharfage and landing - A. Mr, Turner, and he paid me for the cross-cutting of it.
Q. How much did he pay for the wharfage and landing - A. I cannot say; after it was put by till Monday; the prisoner Gould came, Gould brought Mr. Planket's timber carriage; with three or four horses, I fancy his own horses he took it away, he did not say where he was going with it as I heard.
JOHN BAYNER. Q, Do you remember the timber coming to your wharf - A, I remember a person applying to me, on Thursday evening; I saw it on Friday morning landed, about eight o'clock. About eleven o'clock, I remember the prisoner Turner coming, he was looking at the timber; I think he mentioned something about having it up, I said to him, what, does it belong to you; he said, yes; I said, another person had applied to me, the night before, but if it belongs to you, that is very well, he said, yes; it belonged to him, he could pay the wharfage and labour; I asked him the contents, he said two hundred and sixteen feet. I asked him why he did not send for the timber, as he had promised; his reply was that the carriage was broken down, that they would come for it on the Monday following; the carriage came on Monday, the prisoner Gould came; it was loaded, and taken away by Gould, Gould assisted in loading it.


                  THOMAS 
                  JARVIS
               



            . I am a carter to 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Gould
               



            .
Q, Did you go with Mr. Plinket's timber carriage for these two pieces of timber - A. Yes; I took it to Mr. Freland's. Cumberland-street, Shoreditch; Turner there came to me and assisted me in putting one piece on the saw pit.
- BIRCH. I am a sawyer.
Q. Do you remember meeting Turner - A. Yes, on Monday, the 2nd of November, he said, he had a large piece of timber he wanted sawed if I would cut it, I should do it; I said, I had no objection. On the Monday following, I saw a strange carman; I asked him what he wanted, I suspected he was the carter of that timber, and while we were unloading it Turner came, Turner marked the piece on the saw pit how I should cut it; I asked master the proper place to put it for conveniency; master said outside of the yard; Turner said let it remain in the yard: Turner seemed careless whether it was in the yard or no; it laid outside of the yard, and there it remained until Evans the officer came.


                  JAMES 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am a Thames Police surveyor. On Wednesday the 7th of November, I went to Mr. Ireland's yard, I there saw the timber; it appeared to me to be all one piece before it was out, it was marked M at one end, and F B on the other end 216, the quantity, the ships name the Friend; I shewed Mr. Beckway the same pieces; he identified it. In consequence of information, I went to the house of Turner in John-street, Curtain-road, he was not at home the first time I went; I went the second time, and found him; I told him I had come to make some enquiries respecting a piece of timber he had cutting at Mr. Ireland's. I asked him who he bought it of; he said a person living some where about Limehouse, he did not know the person. I asked him what he was to give a loud for it; he said ten-pounds, he had paid seven pounds on account, he was to pay the remainder in two months. I asked him if he had a bill of parcels; he said, no. He said a person came there at two o'clock in the morning, which he believed to be the man that he had bought the timber of, he said he had the appearance of a sailor. I told him he must go to the magistrate to explain the matter; he very readily went there.
PARKER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
GOULD, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
TURNER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
