





100. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     MARTIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of January
, a great coat, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Littler
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  LITTLER
               



            . I am a calico-printer
, I live at Waltham Abbey, Essex. I lost my great coat on the 1st of January, about five o'clock; the night being dark my coat was in a single horse cart; I was leading the horse; my boy was behind on foot; it was a jockey cart. My boy saw the prisoner take the coat out of the cart; he told me and pointed to the man; I followed him; he dropped the coat before I got to him. There were three of them together; the prisoner was in the middle. I saw the man in middle drop the coat; I continued following him until I overtook him.
Q. You are sure he is one of the three that you followed, and dropped the coat - A. Yes; after the boy pointed him out to me I never lost sight of him.


                  JAMES 
                  MILES
               



            . I was following my master's cart: master was leading the horse. I saw the prisoner take the coat out of the cart; I told my master immediately; he run after him. He had not gone far when I poined him out; there was nobody close to him when he took it. I saw master lay hold of him. I am sure it was the same man. I am sure the man I pointed out and the man he took is the prisoner.
Prosecutor. This is my great coat.
Prisoner's Defence. I deal in oranges and lemons in the wholesale way; I had been about to the shops. On Saturday afternoon coming home from Islington; I heard the cry of stop thief; I saw two men running; I ran after them to stop them, that gentleman came after me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
