





107. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     MORMAN
                   alias 
MEREMAN





             was indictedfor 


               felouiously stealing, on the 26th of November
, a gown, value 2 s. a tippet, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        Ewbank 
                        Leaf
                     



                  ; a gown, value 2 s. two caps, value 1 s. a habit shirt, value 6 d. and two handkerchiefs, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sophia 
                     Remnart
                  



               
            , widow
.
EWBANK LEAF. On the 26th of November, I had gone to bed, being a little indisposed; I went to bed a little before eleven o'clock. Mrs. Leaf was following after me; she told me one of the children was indisposed. I recommended her to to burn the night lamp; in getting the lamp, she perceived the lamp part was wanting; she went to see for the night lamp, not finding it in the room where we were, she went into the room adjoining; I heard her in very great distress. I jumped out of bed, and went into the room where she had gone into; I there found the prisoner at the bar; my wife told me she discovered her in the fire-place. I seized her, and asked her the reason of her coming there. She said she come to the house between seven and eight o'clock, and thought of asking for relief, as she was in great distress; and having formerly been our servant, she was sure I should relieve her. We then discovered a bundle of clothes in the fire-place. The fire-place had a chimney board before it; it had seen removed when I came into the room. Mrs. Leaf handed this bundle out to me; she asked the prisoner how she could be such a bad girl; she begged for mercy, and hoped we should forgive her, and overlook it, I was much alarmed lest there should be accomplices in the house; I armed myself; I then took her down stairs, and sent my present servant for the watchman; the watchman was too feeble, in case a rescue should be attempted; I sent for another one; he came took her to the watchhouse; we did not discover any accomplices; we thought we heard a watchword in the night. The watchman and myself searched the house before I went to bed, and found nobody.
Q. Had you any idea how she got into the house - A. Not the slightest; I think she must have got over the area rails, and got into the kitchen; from the kitchen there is access to the room that she was in; I told her to empty her pockets; she took from her pockets a pair of shoes, she had no shoes on. The constable of the night searched her.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  LEAF
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. About a quarter before eleven at night; I went into a room adjoining where the servant always slept, and a young child of my own; the room was adjoining of my own. I went into that room, and found part of a night lamp I went to the fire-place, and removed a chimney board, and behind the screen I discovered a woman. I immediately screamed for assistance, and went into the front room, and fetched my husbnad directly; he came and seized the prisoner, and asked her why she got into the house; she said she was in a state of starvation, and came to the door between seven and eight o'clock, in tending to ask for some relief, finding the door a-jar, she came in, and thought she would stay till the morning I told her that was very improbable. I turned round and looked at the place of her concealment. I saw a bundle lay; I then asked her if she had brought her clothes there, she said Yes, she turned herself from me, then took up the bundle, and unrolled it; it contained a gown of my own, a fur tippet taken to the front room closet, and also some articles from wearing apparel of my servant's, a gown, a habit shirts, two caps, two handkerchiefs, and an pron. Remnant was my servant then. Mr. Leaf desired her to turn out her pocket. She turned not her shoes, she had none on; she said she meant to take nothing.
Q. How long had the prisoner lived with you - A. About nine months: She ran way, without giving any warning; she went out for some porter for supper; she went away and took the money with her, never brought the porter, and never returned.
THOMAS - . I am a constable of the night at Islington. On Saturday night, the 26th of November, the prisoner was brought to me by two watchmen; they said a gentleman, at No. 27, Charlton-place, had given them charge of her; I searched the prisoner; in her pocket I found this pocket-book, with seven duplicates, a flint and steel; a bit of tinder, and a match wrapped up in a bit of rag; she had nothing else about her. I produce the bundle.
Prosecutrix. This preperty is mine.


                  SOPHIA 
                  REMNANT
               



            . These things were all found in the bundle.
Prisoner's Defence. I was very much in liquor: I do not know by what means I got into the house; I beg my master and mistress's pardon.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury before Mr. Recorder.
