






990. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MARKS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  PETER 
                  NOAKES
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of September
, three hats, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Ayres
                  




               
            .


                  MICHAEL 
                  CANNON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Ayres, hatter
, Holborn-bridge


. On the 21st of September, a quarter before six in the evening, I missed three hats from the door; I immediately went over to an old woman sitting opposite, and received a description of two men from her. I then went to Mr. Lee, an officer, in Field-lane, and almost immediately afterwards, we found Marks disposing of one of the hats in Mrs. Cottorell's shop; we took him into custody; he answered the description of one of the men, given me by the woman. In a short time afterwards, I and Lee went into the Thatched House, and found the prisoner Noakes, with another of the hats on his head.


                  DAVID 
                  DAVIDSON
               



            . I am a salesman, and live at the corner of Lower West-street, West Smithfield. On the day mentioned in the indictment, a person very much like 
               
                  John 
                  Marks
               



            , came into my shop, and asked me six shillings for this hat; I offered him five; and he went away, and after having tried several other shops, he came back to me. I can't swear to his person; but I am almost sure it was the prisoner Marks.
WILLIAM LEE. I am an officer. Cannon gave me some information. I found the prisoner Marks, in Mrs. Cotterell's shop, trying to sell this hat; I instantly seized him, and gave him into the charge of a brother officer, named Corby. I then went into the Thatched House, in company with Cannon; and there I found Noakes, with this hat on his head.
(Hat sworn to by Cannon.)
Marks's Defence. I honestly bought the hat; and as I went along Field-lane, these gentlemen shoved me into the woman's shop, and said I wanted to sell it there.
Noakes's Defence. I had just got my week's wages, and bought this hat with the money I worked hard for.
MARKS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 36.
NOAKES, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
