






612. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BOYCE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DOVER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of March
, 13 yards of floor-cloth, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Couch
               




            .


                  HENRY 
                  COUCH
               



            . I live in James-street, Lisson-green


. On the 17th of March I heard an alarm, ran out, and met Thorpe pursuing the two prisoners. I took Dover in a public-house about a hundred yards off. I missed the floor-cloth from my shop-it was brought back. Dover said he did not take it, but was with the man who did. I saw Dover run into the public-house - He threw the cloth down.


                  THOMAS 
                  THORPE
               



            . I am a plasterer. On the 17th of March, about one o'clock, I saw the prisoners lurking about the prosecutor's shop, I passed them about fifty yards, turned round, and saw them walking together, with the oil-cloth - I saw Boyce take it and carry it before him, Dover walked by his side. I sent my brother to tell the prosecutor, who came out, and the prisoners ran away-the prosecutor pursued; I ran down Stafford-street to meet them, but lost them; in the evening we took Boyce, in bed. I am sure they were in company-both went up to the shop and came away together.


                  ELIZA 
                  OWEN
               



            . I live opposite the prosecutor. I saw the prisoners standing before the door, loitering about. The prisoner, Boyce, took the cloth-Dover was with him. I am sure they are the men.


                  RICHARD 
                  COATS
               



            . I apprehended Boyce, in bed, at his house, that night.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BOYCE'S Defence. I know nothing of it.
BOYCE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
DOVER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Dallas.
