






248. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TYSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of December
, one piece of floor-cloth, value 3l. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Hare
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        George 
                        Sargon
                     



.
JOHN TITTERSON. I am a clerk to Messrs. Hares, who keep a shop in Little Queen-street, Lincoln's-inn


, Mr. Sargon lives in the house. On the 21st of December, about half past one o'clock in the afternoon, I observed the two prisoners, looking very earnestly in the shop;I watched them; they passed the shop two or three times singly, soon after they both came together, and stood in front of the shop; the prisoner, White, said to Tyson, he is there, he is there; Tyson untied the piece of cloth, and dragged it over the front of the shop, which is about three feet high; he put it on his shoulder; it was within the shop, I ran out, and overtook Tyson with it, about six yards from the shop; he threw it down, and ran away; the prisoner, White, was standing by at the time; I told a person to secure him, while I ran after Tyson; I pursued, and overtook him; I never lost sight of him.


                  ROBERT 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am a constable. On the 21st of December, I heard the cry of stop thief, the prisoner, White, was given into my charge by Titterton.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
TYSON'S Defence. If he had seen us, would he not have taken us before we took the property. White came to me, and said, he would have the cloth, and I told him not to take it - He said, he would, and took it, and ran away.
WHITE'S Defence. I never saw Tyson.
EDWARDS. When I took White, he would not own Tyson; but soon afterwards, he called him by his name.
TYSON - GUILTY. Aged 18.
WHITE - GUILTY. Aged 18.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
