





937. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS HENRY 
                     MARSH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he on the 14th of August
, being servant
 to 
                     
                        
                           Francis Albert Leonard 
                           Van Strick
                        




                     
                   Linscoten, and was employed and entrusted by him to receive money for and on his account, that he being such servant and so employed, did receive and take into his possession the sum of 4 l. 14 s. and that he afterwards did embezzle, secrete, and steal the same
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  JAMES
               



            . I am an oil and colourman.
Q. Do you buy your colours of Mr. Linscoten. - A. Yes.
A. Do you know the prisoner. - A. Yes, he called on me on the 13th of August for the money due to his master. I observed that his master was in a great hurry, he said his master had a bill to make up, the last bill was one pound five shillings. I said if you will take discount of I will pay you. I paid him four pound fourteen shillings, he gave me this receipt.
Q. How long since that did Mr. Linscoten make application. - A. I believe about a fortnight.
Mr. Knapp. The receipt is in the name of Moore. - A. The business is carried on in the name of Moore and Sons, it is my father in the City Road.


                  FRANCIS 
                  ALBERT LEONARD VAN STRICK LINSCOTEN
               



            . The prisoner had been in my service about fifteen months, and occasionally collected money that was due to me, he made the entry of the sums he received in my book.
A. Turn to the entery of the 13th or 14th of August, do you find any entery made of any sum received of Moore or James. - A. I have examined the book before. I find no such entery about the 13th of 14th of August.
Q. At this time were you much pressed to make up a bill. - A. Not the least in the world, he said that without my authority. I believe he applied to me to take off the discount of five per cent. of the one pound five.
Q. Did he bring that money to accompt the four pound fourteen shillings. - A. He never did. I called upon Mr. James for the money on account of receiving the letter upon which he acknowledges receiving the money and not accompting to me for it.
(The letter read.)
Prisoner's Defence. I acknowledge receiving the money, I never received it with intention of defrauding him.
The prisoner called two witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
