





947. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     RYAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of June
, one watch, value 10 s.; one chain, value 6 d., and one key, value 1 d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Lawrence 
                     Nuttall
                  




               
            .
LAWRENCE NUTTALL. I am a private in the Guards
. On the 3d of June, about three o'clock in the morning, I was in a coffee-shop near Covent-garden


; I had been drinking with some friends - the prisoner was there; I took her for the servant, and enquired for the privy, she told me to follow her. I followed her up stairs, she opened the door, and I went in - I took my watch out, and put it on the floor - I looked round for the place, and immediately missed my watch, she was shutting the door; I ran after her, and said she must have it, she said she knew nothing about it. A person came up, who I took for the landlord; she wrenched herself out of my hand and got off - I followed, caught her at the door, took her to the watch-house, and gave her in charge. She denied it, and said she would be searched if I would leave the place. The constable ordered her to strip, and she unpinned her things. When she came to her under-petticoat she began to be very slow; she put her hand under her petticoat, got the watch in her hand, and the constable took it out of her hand.


                  EDWARD 
                  LONGLEY
               



            . I was constable of the night; the prisoner was brought to the watch-house - she put her hand under her clothes, I heard something crack, and found the watch in her hand, with the glass broken.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He gave it to me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
