






535. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     TOWHEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  M'GINNIS
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of June
, seven yards of cambric, value 4 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Presser
                        




                     
                  , privately, in his shop
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PRESSER
               



            . I am a linen-draper
. I live at 47, Banner-street


, in the parish of St. Luke's. I have no partner. The shop is mine. On the 23d of June, the two prisoners came into my shop together. I was standing near the window. They passed me, and went to the lower end of the shop, where my young man was serving. As soon as I had served my customer, I went down to them, and asked them what they wished to look at; they said, they wanted to look at a bit of print. There were a good many things on the counter. I immediately began to clear them away to show the print. In clearing away these things, there was some trifling thing amongst them which one of them asked to look at: I shewed it them, and told them the price, two shillings and two pence a yard: she looked at it; and one of them was rather surprized at the price of it. I turned round, and heard a rustling of paper. I looked over the counter and said, I hope you have got nothing under your feet; they both drew back and said, they were sure there was nothing under their feet. On their drawing back together, and the manner they answered me, gave me suspicion that they had got something. I immediately ordered my young man to look. He hurried to them; and before he came they both drew back.
Q. Did you see this yourself - A. Yes. I saw one draw back from the other, and take a piece of cambric from her pocket.
Q. Who was it that drew back and took the cambric from her pocket - A.M'Ginnis, she held it up, and throwed it down on the floor. I asked her, what business she had with it; she said, she had nothing. It was laying on the floor at the time. I then sent for an officer.
Q. Now, are you sure that, upon your sending your young man round, you saw her take it out of her pocket. - A. Yes; and I am sure it was not on the floor before she threw it.
Q. Now, what was that - A. A piece of cambric. This is the piece. I have had it ever since; there is seven yards of it. I knew it to be my cambric by the private mark upon it. I had taken it out of the box about a quarter of an hour before; and it was laying upon the counter with the things that I was removing. They were all laying together.
Q. So that, according to your account, it was upon the counter, near to where they were standing - A. Within half a yard. The piece of cambric cost me more than four pounds.
Q. Are you sure you saw her pull the cambric from her pocket - A. Yes; she had hard work to get it from her pocket, and then she threw it on the ground.
Q. I think you said, from the manner in which they were standing, you suspected they were about something. Did you see them take any thing - A. No; I heard a rattling of paper.
Mr. Arabin. How many persons were there in your shop - A. Two; a boy and a young man; the boy is not here.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a shopman to Mr. Presser. I saw the prisoners come into the shop. I was serving two young ladies at the bottom of the shop. They passed me, and were standing near the two young ladies I was serving.
Q. Did they apply to you to serve them with any thing - A. No. Mr. Presser came. I saw him clear the counter. I heard them ask the price of trimmings. Mr. Presser was turned half round to reach something off the shelf for them. He turned back again, and said, what have you got under your feet? or something to that effect. They both drew back, keeping close together. The right hand of Towhey, and the left of M'Ginnis were out of sight. There was nothing on the floor then. Mr. Presser desired me to go round to them. He said, he was afraid they had got something that did not belong to them.
Q. Did he say that for them to hear - A. Yes. I ran round. I saw M'Ginnis pull the cambric from her pocket. She threw it on the ground. Mr. Presser asked her, what business she had with the cambric. She said, she had it not: it was laying on the floor before. Then I went for an officer.
Q. Did you see either of them take it - A. No. I had seen the piece of cambric not ten minutes before. I saw Mr. Presser take it out of the box. It was laying on the counter, just by where the prisoners were standing. I am positive the cambric is my master's property. It cost ninety-four shillings.
Towhey's Defence. I asked my prosecutor to cut off a yard and a half of trimmings.
M'Ginnis's Defence. I went into the shop by myself. There were several people in the shop. I asked my prosecutor for a piece of print, before he accused me of this cambric; and when the young man came round me, he found the cambric on the floor.
Towhey called five witnesses, who gave her a good character.
TOWHEY, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
M'GINNIS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
