





701. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HUSHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2d of August
, two pillows, value 5 s. a sheet, value 2 s. one rug, value 2 s. thirty-two penny pieces, and twenty-nine halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Gosling
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  GOSLING
               



            . I am a widow
, I live in Golden-lane


. On the 2d of August I went out to market a little before seven, I came home about eight, I only know that I had put the penny pieces and half-pence in the drawer the over night, the drawer was not locked, I had left my daughter at home. The sheet, quilt, and pillows were in a box.


                  MARY 
                  HOLDER
               



            . I am the daughter of the last witness, I was at home on the second of last August.
Q. Had you any pillows, sheets, and rugs in a box - A. Yes. We had, I knew they were in the box, I had seen them within two or three days before. On the second of August a little after seven in the morning I heard a noise in the shop, I went into the shop, I saw the prisoner in the shop taking the halfpence out of the drawer, I asked him what he did there, they were my mother's halfpence that were in the drawer, he said they were his own.
Q. What shop does your mother keep - A. A greengrocers shop
, he said they were his own and jumped over the counter, he ran away, I called out stop thief, a gentleman stopped him as soon as he went out of doors.
Q. Did you ever loose sight of him - A. I did, he was stopped a few doors from our house.
Q. Had your shop been opened that morning - A. No, I was not up when I heard the noise.
Q. In what state did you find the box in which the things were taken out - A. He had taken them out and doubled them up in this quilt, they were laying on the floor under his feet.
Q. How much are the things worth altogether, are they worth more than a shilling - A. Yes.
Q. How many halfpence were there in the drawer - A. There were three shillings and ten-pence after he had got them in his pocket, I did not know before.


                  GEORGE 
                  FRY
               



            . Did you stop the prisoner - A. Yes, not more than forty yards from the door. I was going by the door at the time I heard the cry of stop thief, I saw the prisoner come out of Mr. Goslings shop, he was searched in my presence, he pulled the halfpence out of his pocket before the officer came and said they were all he had taken, they were counted three shillings and ten-pence halfpenny, he begged forgiveness.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PRINCE
               



            . I am an officer, I took the prisoner into custody, I found nothing upon him but two knives and two keys, he acknowledged to me that he got over the counter and got this money, but the pillows and other things he denied having taken.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from work, I went in there to get some bread and cheese for my breakfast, the shop was open, and presently the woman sung out stop thief, that man said you are my prisoner, I immediately went back with him.



               GUILTY
            , aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
