





213. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS
                     BODENHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 18th of February, in the 52d year of his Majesty's reign, did take to wife one 
                     
                        Amey
                        Pattey
                     



                  , and to her was married; that he afterwards, on the 5th of June, in the 53rd year of his Majesty's reign, did marry one 
                     
                        
                           Eliza
                           Keattch
                        



                     
                  , his former wife being then alive
            .


                  HENRY
                  PEARSON
               



            . I am the parish clerk of Kingston upon-thames. I produce the register of marriages.
"18th February, 1812, Francis Bodenham. of this parish, and Amey Pattey, of this parish, were married by me, 
               
                  John
                  Kendall
               



            , curate." I saw the parties sign this register, 
               
                  Francis
                  Bodenham
               



            . I believe the prisoner is the man. I cannot positively say he is.
AMEY PATTEY. I live at Mortlake, my daughtor's name is Amey. On the 18th of February, 1812, my daughter was married to the prisoner; in about a month after she was married, she came home and brought her husband with her. They lived in my house as man and wife together. My daughter was alive on the first of June; this is her second child by the prisoner. He left my daughter.


                  JOHN
                  VINCENT
               



            . I am parish clerk of Heston, in Middlesex. I produce the register of marriages.
"5th of June, 1813
. Francis Bodenham and Eliza Keattch, both of this parish were married by banns by H. S. Trimmer, vicar, 
               
                  Francis
                  Bodenham
               



             and Eliza Keattch." I think the prisoner is the man.


                  ELIZA
                  KEATTCH
               



            . I lived with Mr. Lewis four months; the prisoner came courting to me; he said he was a single man; he had been married, but his wife died in child-birth. I was married to the prisoner on the 4th of June, 1813, at Heston, in Middlesex.



               GUILTY
            , aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
