






864. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GLYNN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of September

, a tress of hay, value 3 s. a bag, value 1 s. and half a bushel of peas and beans mixed, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Austin
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MOORE
                  




               
            , for 


               feloniously receiving, on the same day, a truss of hay, being part and parcel of the above mentioned goods, he knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  AUSTIN
               



            . I am a sugar refiner
, I live in Mile End-road



, Glynn was my carman
. On the 21st of September, having suspicion of the prisoner Glynn, I arose early in the morning to watch him, I saw him go into the stable, he soon afterwards brought out a bag with something in it, put it upon a cart that was loaded with potatoes ready to come to town; he then went into the stable, brought a truss of hay out and put it on, also he went into the stable again, brought something under his arm, which turned out to be part of a truss of hay, it was covered with his great coat, he put that on also, he then put his horses into the cart; I then came down stairs and saw the prisoner go on with the cart; I followed the cart to the public house called the Coach and Horses, about thirty yards from my house, he stopped there and was joined by the prisoner Moore. They then proceeded up the road to the King Alfred public-house, the prisoner took the truss of hay and put it to Moore to receive it; Moore turned up the gateway of the King Alfred public-house, I pursued him and took Moore with the hay pitched down before him; I followed my cart and apprehended Glynn opposite of the watchhouse, I delivered him in the care of the constable; upon searching the cart I found this bag, the one I saw him put into the cart in my premises, it contains pease and beans; the peas are a foreign production, the beans I do not mean to swear to, the peas being of various sorts would not do for any other purpose than hogs; I bought twenty quarters, upon comparing them with the bulk I can swear to them, there are Prussian blues among them. I did not lose sight of the hay from the time it was taken from my house, untill I saw it delivered to Moore.
Glynn said nothing in his defence.
Moore's Defence. I took the hay up in the road and carried it into the yard; the hay fell off the cart, I did not know who it belonged to.
MOORE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 54.
GLYNN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
