






721. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     LEE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     CHINNERY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of August
, a pocket book, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Jackson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
ROBERT JACKSON. I am a taylor
, I live in Bond-street. I lost the pocket-book at Charing-cross


, between twelve and one, on the 1st of August, I went to see the men in the pillory that day, I had been in the mob about five minutes, I was holding my hands upon my pockets, I had a silk handkerchief in one pocket, and a pocketbook in the other. I had my hat over my eyes, I put my hands up to raise my hat, it was rather tight; I lost both my pocketbook and handkerchief; the moment I felt in my pockets and found I had got nothing, I turned round and saw Humphreys had got hold of Lee; he was picking up my pocketbook. I assisted in taking Chinnery to the office.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I am an officer. On the first of August I went to Charing-cross for the purpose of apprehending pickpockets; I saw the two prisoners in company with another, I followed them into the crowd, they were following Mr. Jackson; after he had been in the crowd five minutes, the three persons surrounded him, they were all standing as close at they could behind him; I saw Lee make several attempts to take his pocketbook out; I saw Mr. Jackson put his hand to his pocket; after some time he took his hand away to move his hat, at the same time a coach came alongside of the pillory, to take the men out, Lee took hold of the pocketbook, I laid hold of him by the collar, and with the other hand I took hold of the book; the next witness was in company with me at the time, I desired him to lay hold of Chinnery;the other made off, before Lee drawed the pocketbook out of his pocket, Chinnery looked round at me, then I looked off; he then gave the other a touch of the arm, as much as to say, take it now. I knew their persons all three.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BECKITT
               



            . I was in company with Humphreys, I saw Chinnery and Lee in company, close to Mr. Jackson; Chinnery spoke to Lee, and Lee pointed down to Mr. Jackson's pocket; what he said, I cannot say; he had got his hand in his left pocket; just after that, a coach came up, Mr. Jackson moved rather to the right, Lee took the pocketbook at the time, Humphreys took hold of Lee, I took hold of Chinnery immediately; there was a third person in company with them. Humphreys picked up the pocketbook.
Lee's defence. I know nothing at all about it. I never see this young man before in my life.
Chinnery's defence. On the first of August I went to see the pillory the same as another person might go. I am innocent of any thing of the kind.
LEE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 15.
CHINNERY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
