






1337. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CROUCH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of August
, two live pigs, price 3l.
             the property of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Prendergast
               




            .


                  CHARLES 
                  PRENDERGAST
               



            . I am a labourer
, and live in Church-lane, St. Giles's


. I had two pigs which I kept in my back-yard. The street door is kept open. On Sunday morning I missed them. They were black and white.


                  BRIDGET 
                  PRENDERGAST
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I saw the pigs safe at seven o'clock at night, and fastened the yard-door. Next morning I missed them. The prisoners are strangers.


                  MARY 
                  ANN
               



             MAHONY. I lodge opposite the prosecutor. I saw the prisoners and another boy standing at the corner of Church-lane, about one o'clock in the morning; when they saw me, they went away. I was attending a sick person. Between two and three o'clock I saw them again. Jones went into the prosecutor's passage, the door was open; I saw the pigs come out, he let them out of the yard. Crouch and the other man waited at the door, Jones and the other man each carried a pig, Crouch went away with them. I called out "Stop those young men with the pigs." I was at the door at the time; I had gone out to get some cloves. The watchman was at the top of the street, he did not hear me. I saw the prisoners next day at Marlborough-street.
WILLIAM WILLIAMS. I am a patrol of St. Giles's. At four o'clock in the morning I saw the prisoners and another man going up High-street, with two black and white pigs. I knew them before, and did not stop them. On Sunday night I saw Crouch and took him into custody. I asked him if he hurt himself much with the pigs; he said no, not much. I had seen him fall, and the other fell over him, He said he only drove the pigs out for a bit of lark, and he did not know what became of them.
JONES. Q. Did you not ask me to take the pigs to the Green-yard - A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PRINCE
               



            . I am a watchman. On Sunday morning, about ten minutes past four o'clock, I saw the prisoners, and another man dressed like a butcher, driving two pigs. The prisoners went after the pigs, as they went a contrary way. Jones ran against Crouch and pushed him down, as he ran after the pigs. I went up and asked what was the matter; Jones said the pigs had broken out of a pound; that Crouch knew the owner, and was driving them home. Crouch made no answer; he appeared hurt. I did not suspect him. The pigs were black and white. I saw Jones in Dyot-street, at ten o'clock that night, and took him. He denied the charge.
CROUCH'S Defence. I never saw them.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CROUCH-

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Confined Two Months
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
