





188. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BUDD
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 12th of December
, was servant
 to 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Allanson
                        




                     
                  , and was employed and entrusted to receive money on her account, and being such servant, and so employed, did receive and take into his possession the sum of 1 l. and that he afterwards did embezzle, secrete, and steal the same
            .


                  MARY 
                  ALLANSON
               



            . I am a widow
; I carry on the business of a rope and twine manufacturer
.
Q. How long has your husband been dead - A. Nine years, and the prisoner has been my servant five years; I entrusted him to take out goods and receive the money.
Q. Did the prisoner give you any account of money received on the 12th of December - A. He did not. When I found out that he had been embezzling money of Boyer and Company; I went round to my customers and found that he had received the money of Stock and Company and gave a receipt in my name; he has received forty-three pounds at different times.


                  FORD 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a servant to Stock, Cooper, and Company. On the 12th of December the prisoner brought a dozen skeins of cord, it came to one pound, I paid him, he gave me this receipt.
"Bought of Mrs. Allanson a dozen skeins of cord, one pound. Received, 
               
                  William 
                  Budd
               



            ."
Prosecutrix. I am sure he never brought it to accompt.
Prisoner's Defence. The property was never my mistress's, although I made use of her name in the bill.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
