





226. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WATSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously having in his custody and possession, three forged bank notes, knowing them to be forged
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I am an officer of Lambeth-street. On the 28th of December
, in consequence of information, I and Forster watched the prisoner - He is a hawker
-his caravan was in the Commercial-road


. About ten o'clock at night I saw him come from his caravan, cross the way, and turn down Gray-street to his stables - He appeared to have his hand in his breeches pocket, and his lanthorn in his right hand. He got to the stable, and unlocked it with his right hand; I caught hold of him, and told him I wanted him - He made great resistance. In the scuffle he threw something white from him, with his left hand, out of his breeches pocket-it hit the pail which was behind the door. Forster picked up a bag, which contained four 1l. notes-(looking at them)-these are the notes; they were folded up in a small compass. We found a bad shilling in the pail, and another out of it. We found a 25l., two 10l., two 2l., and six 1l. notes on him, all good, and ten guineas in gold, wrapped up with the good notes, in his coat pocket.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. His left hand would be near the lock of the door - A. He threw them behind the door. I am positive that I saw him do it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FORSTER
               



            . I am an officer. I was with Freeman, and saw the prisoner throw something away with his left hand, after Freeman had seized him. I found the canvas bag about two yards from him; one shilling in the pail and one out, both bad.
Cross-examined. I saw him throw them. I found 23s. 6d. in his left-hand breeches pocket.
CHARLES CHRISTMAS. I am an inspector of bank notes-(looks at them) - They are all forged in every respect, and all of one plate and paper-two of them are of the same number and date. They are the names of signing clerks, but not their hand-writing.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not throw it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
