







667. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RYAN
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MULKEY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PHILLIPS
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of June
, a handkerchief, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Lowndes
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
HENRY LOWNDES. I live as clerk
 with my father, 6, Gutter-lane, Cheapside; he keeps a muslin commission warehouse. On the 20th of June, I was in Hyde Park


, at the review; I went into the Park about ten o'clock in the morning; I am sure I had my handkerchief in my pocket when I went into the Park. My handkerchief was taken from me without my feeling it. The witness Avory, came and told me of it about one o'clock. I missed my handkerchief in about two minutes after the prisoners were laid hold of, and Avory took my handkerchief from Ryan. I am quite sure the handkerchief was mine; it was worth three shilling and sixpence, or four shillings. I saw my handkerchief taken from 
               
                  John 
                  Ryan
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  AVORY
               



            . I am an officer. On the 20th of June, I was in Hyde Park, I saw the three prisoners all together; I saw them all go to the prosecutor; he was looking at the soldiers. They came from him again. They all three went to him again; in about half a minute they left him, and returned instantly to him again; the prisoner Ryan was in the middle, the other two were on each side of him; they covered Ryan. I saw Ryan pull his hand from the gentleman's pocket, and put whatever he had in his hand, under his coat. I saw the hand had apparently a handkerchief, something of this colour; he put it under his coat. 
               
                  John 
                  Dobson
               



            , a neighbour of mine, was with me at the time. The prisoners then left the gentleman. I went and told the gentleman that I believed he had his pocket picked; he told me he had not; he felt in his pocket, he said, he had lost his handkerchief. I asked him to go with me, I would shew him the man that had picked his pocket, and when I came up to the three prisoners, they were from twenty to forty yards off; they were all three together at that time. I then charged them with stealing the gentleman's handkerchief. I took the handkerchief out of Ryan's left hand pocket, he had got inside, under his arm; I searched him afterwards. I found this handkerchief upon him, and these two handkerchiefs I found in Phillips's pocket. The three prisoners were altogether, as nigh as they are now.


                  JOHN 
                  DOBSON
               



            . I was with Avory in the Park at the time this matter happened. I saw the three prisoners together before the gentleman's pocket was picked. I saw them try more than one pocket; that induced me to watch them. I saw Ryan draw his hand upwards from the gentleman's pocket, and put whatever was in his hand, under his coat.
Q. Had they been near the gentleman before that - A. Yes, they had been once; they returned to him again instantly. I saw Avory acquaint the gentleman of what had happened. I kept my eye upon the prisoners; they continued together. Avory and the gentleman came, and secured them. I was present when they were searched. Ryan had the handkerchief which was claimed by the prosecutor; that was taken from under his left arm. Then they were all taken.
Q. to Prosecutor. Look at that handkerchief - A. It is my handkerchief. I am quite sure of that. This is the handkerchief that was taken from my pocket.
Ryan's Defence. I humbly hope to present these lines in my defence. I hope and trust my case will meet the judicial proceeding of this bar, and that notwithstanding what has been said by the witnesses, there may appear yet some favourable circumstance to a youth at the early age of seventeen, for the first time brought to this bar to answer for any charge of a felony. On Monday, the 20th of June, about eleven o'clock in the forenoon, I went into Hyde Park; I had not been there long before an officer came and took me into custody, with the two young men now at the bar; stating before the magistrate, that we were in company together; which I avow to my knowledge I never saw the two prisoners before. I will now ask the officer whether he did not observe before the magistrate, that he had been pursuing another one with a velveteen jacket on, and said, he had plenty of handkerchiefs about him. I do allow that the handkerchief that was dropped by a lad, who was making his way in the crowd, I took it up.
Prosecutor. No such thing; he was asked if it was his handkerchief; he said, yes; he knew it by the pattern.
Mulkey's Defence. I am quite innocent. I never saw either of these prisoners before in my life.
Phillips's Defence. These two young fellows are strangers to me.
RYAN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.
MULKEY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 17.
PHILLIPS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 16.







               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
