






345. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SALT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of January

, six trusses of hay, value 12 s. and three bundles of hay, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Melton
               



            ; and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     ROGERS
                  




               
            , for 


               feloniously receiving on the same day, the same goods he knowing it to be stolen
            .


                  MATHEW 
                  MELTON
               



            . I am a horse dealer
 in Brick street, Piccadilly, I have also a farm at Finchley in the county of Middlesex, the prisoner Salt had been my servant

 about three months, he was employed in taking the horses provender backwards and for wards from the farm to London. On the 26th of-January, I went to Finchley, I looked in the cart house, there I found a load of straw, that he was to come to town with on the cart; he was particularly desired not to bring any hay to town; seeing this cart loaded with straw, I put myself behind the house to watch him, I saw him come out of the stable without his horses; go to the cart house where the cart was, there I saw him put six trusses of hay on the cart, and three bundles likewise on the cart, after he had put it on the straw, he brought his horses cut, put them in, and drove away; he could not see me all this time, upon his going away, I suppose he was gone half an hour, I took my horse to follow him; I desired him to go the Highgate road, I missed him I suppose he went the Hampstead road; I got to London first, I saw the cart brought in by the prisoner, I could not perceive any trusses of hay in the least; there was no appearance of hay in the cart; I had the straw throwed down in the yard, there did not appear any hay at all; we loaded his cart with dung and sent him about his business; he returned to Finchley with the dung, I did not acquaint him with what I had observed; in the course of the evening, I received information from a man of the name of Crane, in consequence of the information Crane conveyed to me, I got Foy the officer to watch him I was not there; the man was discharged from me.
Q. You discharged Salt - A. Yes, he got a warrant against me for an assault I then apprehended him.
Q. Were you present at the time that Rogers was apprehended - A. No.

Q. 
            Were you in the habit of selling hay at all? - A. I never sell any, all the hay I grew at Finchley is for provision for the horses.


                  ISAAC 
                  CRANE
               



            . I am a green grocer, at Campden town. I keep a cart.
Q. Do you know the mother Red cap's - A. Very well, sir, at Campden town. On the 26th of January I was just past the horse trough of the mother Redcap's I saw the cart coming down the Hampstead road. I have often seen the cart upon the road with the name 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Melton
               



             upon it; the prisoner drove as near the yard gate as he could, and stopped as near the gate as he could, it was about twenty minutes past six, star light, a very sharp frosty morning; when he stopped the cart, I heard an alarm, the Red cap's gates were three parts open, he gave a hem, he got up on the near side of the cart, I saw him chuck six trusses of hay off the cart, one at a time on to the ground; 
               
                  Robert 
                  Rogers
               



             took them into Mr. Young's yard, he is ostler of the Red cap, he has been ostler there many years; there were six whole trusses and three bundles, afterwards Rogers put them into Mr. Young's yard, after they had stowed the hay away, I saw Salt drive on towards town; I did not hear a word that passed; as soon as Salt drove on, Rogers shut the gate; I communicated to Mr. Melton, what I had seen that same evening, about a quarter past six, I went to his house in Brick street Piccadilly.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer.
Q. In consequence of information of the robbery, did you apprehend Salt - A, I did, the prisoner Saltcame to the office, he had taken out a warrant on the Friday before for an assault; when I came to the office Mr. Melton was there he called me of one side, in consequence of what Mr. Melton told me, I detained Salt; in the afternoon, I went and apprehended the prisoner Rogers; I searched the hay loft, at the Red Cap, there were several trusses of hay in the hay loft, and some loose; Rogers was at home, he said nothing then; I brought Rogers to the office having left Salt there before; I told 
               Rogers
             the charge I had against him coming along, for buying hay of Mr. Melton's carter; he said I was to do the best I could for him, he pursuaded me not to bring the cloth away I found in the loft I searched his house it was close to the Red Cap, coming cut of his house, he shoved a one pound note into my hand; and told me to use him, as well as I could; I told him I should do my duty, and produce the one pound note before the magistrate, which I did.
Rogers called six witnesses who gave him a good character.
SALT 

               GUILTY
             aged 33.
ROGERS 

               GUILTY
             aged 43.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
The prisoner Rogers was recommended to mercy by the jury, on account of his good character.
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Richards
               



            .
