






189. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FARTHING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of February
 six pound weight of thread, value 1 l. 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Crauford
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRAUFORD
               



            . I am a bookbinder
, 16 Peerless Row, City Road. On the 28th of January I sent my boy, 
               
                  Richard 
                  Davies
               



            , to Mr. Suttaby's for six pounds of thread.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GUEST
               



            . I am a smith and bell hanger, No. 2, Gutter Lane. On the 28th of January, about half past six in the evening, I had occasion to come out of doors, I saw the prisoner at the bar plant himself at the top of Gutter Lane


. As I was standing the off side of the way, a little boy came with a parcel upon his head, the prisoner snatched it from his head, and came running down the lane, the boy cried out, I ran across the street, threw the prisoner down, and tumbled on top of him. At the time that we were down, there came up a young man who appeared to lay hold of him, and while I was picking up my hat he let him go. I immediately pursued after him, and catched him again after he had ran eight or ten yards, I took him and the property to the Poultry Compter, I never lost sight of him, he was never away from me ten yards. I saw the prisoner take the thread from the boy's head.


                  RICHARD 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I live with Mr. Crauford, I had been for some thread at Mr. Suttaby's, Stationer's Court, Ludgate Hill. As I was going along the top of Gutter Lane, the prisoner came behind me and snatched the thread off my head, and then ran down Gutter Lane, this gentleman, 
               
                  William 
                  Guest
               



            , pursued him and caught him directly, he threw the parcel down, I picked it up, I gave it to Cartwright.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming along Cheapside, there was a quarrel just by Gutter Lane, I went down that lane to get out of the way of it, about twenty yards down Gutter Lane I was stopped by a man and throwed down, I got up again and went away, I was stopped again, and taken to the Poultry Compter.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 17,




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
