





536. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COX
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 29th of June
, thirty knives and forks, value 5 s seventeen plates, value 9 s. four dishes, value 6 s a flower pot, value 6 d. a sugar bason, value 1 s. thirty cups, value 8 s. twenty-seven saucers, value 7 s. two basons, value 1 s. a mug, value 1 s. an ice pail, value 1 s. sixteen earthen plates, value 1 s. a tea pot, value 1 s. four pickle dishes, value 1 s. three goblets, value 1 s. three tumblers, value 1 s. seven glasses, value 1 s. 6 l. a Derbyshire spar goblet, value 1 s. one butter color and stand, value 6 d. fifteen books, value 15 s. an pera glass, value 10 s. a pocket book, value 6 s. two India boxes value 1 s. five brushes, value 2 s. nine tablecloths, value 50 s. thirty-three napkin, value 12 s. seven pillow cases, value 7 s. a half pound weight of scarlet silk, value 1 s. a silk scarf, value 10 s. a yard of chinez, value 5 s. a petticoat value 2 s five yards of point lace, value 2 s. five yards of black lace value 2 s. two lace veils, value 1 l. a silk handkerchief, value 3 s. two pair of silk stockings, value 5 s. a silver tea spoon, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        Mary Ann 
                        Sturt
                     



                  , in her dwelling house
            .
SECOND COUNT For stealing the like things, stating them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Stuart
                  



Esq.
 in his dwelling house, six yards of silk, value 18 s. nineteen handkerchiefs, value 19 s. three aprons, value 6 d. a scarf value 2 s. one sleeve; value 2 s. a necklace, value 1 l. a pair of boots, value 2 s. thirteen pair of gloves, value 2 s. eleven pair of stockings, value 2 s. a cloak, value 2 s. the property of 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Mitchener
               



            , spinster, in the dwelling house of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann Stuart
               



            , and Charles Stuart, Esq.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HAMILTON
               



            . I am an officer of Marlborough Street. On the 2d, of the present Month, about ten in the morning, I searched the prisoner's lodgings, No. 7 Little Chesterfield street, Mary-le-bone. The prisoner was in bed; when I went into the room, I told him, that the lady Sturt had reasons to suspect that he had wronged her; he said, he had, and he hoped he should die for it. I searched the room the drawer of his trunk, and in two large bundle under the bed, I found all the articles named in the indictment; 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Mitchener
               



             was with me; she said, they were her mistress's property. All the articles are here, except the china.


                  CATHERINE 
                  MITCHENER
               



            . I live with 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann
               



             Sturt, I have lived with her six years, in Upper Seymour Street.
Q. What is the name of her husband - A. Charles Sturt.
Q Do you know the prisoner, did he ever live in her family - A. Yes, a year and ten months, as footman; he left her service on the 20th of June. I was with the officer when these things were found; I looked at them all; the whole of the lace is hers; I had it under my care; I am not at ail a judge of the value of the lace. The tablecloths are the lady's property, and the cabinet; the tablecloth may be worth two or three shillings each, and the napkins a shilling each; I am a judge of the value of the cabinet, some of the things were missed before the prisoner left the service, and many of them afterwards.
Q You cannot speak of any particular thing to any particular time - A. No, these silk handkerchiefs and muslin handkerchiefs, muslin aprons, a muslin gown and many other things, are mine; they have been all worn, they may be worth a shilling each.
Q. Were they missed at any particular time - A. No, I cannot speak to any particular time when these acre taken away.

Q. 
            There is no single article of the value of one guinea perhaps - A. No.
Mr. Arabin. He lived in the family near two years, and if he had been evil minded enough, he might have taken them away one one day, and another another - A. Yes.
The prisoner left his defence so his counsel, and called no witnesses to character.
GUILTY, aged 26.




               Of stealing to the value 39 shillings
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Le Blanc.
