







746. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     THACKERY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     DRUITT
                  , alias 
CROSS





            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILSON
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of May
, one silk handkerchief, value 3 s. the property of a person unknown, from his person
            .
GEORGE VAUGHAN. I am an officer, belonging to the public office at Bow-street. I was watching the prisoners about four o'clock in the afternoon, of the 16th of June. Just before they came to Temple Bar, there was a gentleman going through, and went up to him, and puffed his handkerchief a little cut of the pocket; when he got a little through the Bar, She pulled it right out, and clapped it underneath his coat. They then turned up a court, made a circuit round Chancery-lane, and that way, and returned down into Pickett-street. I then saw Wilson go into a pawnbroker's shop in Pickett-street; I went in when he came out, and found he had just pawned a handkerchief for three shillings. I had looked for the gentleman whom they had robbed, but missed him in going through the Bar, and could not find him. I met Smith, the beadle, and asked him to assist him; he did; and we went down Fleet-street, and saw them stop and talk to a young man, and sell a duplicate to him; we went up to him, and got the duplicate from him. We then followed the prisoners into Fleet-market, and there we took Thackery and Cross; we took them into a linen-draper's shop, and searched them. Smith assisted me in taking them to Bow-street; when we got there, and had them in the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



            , an old man came in, and said, Wilson was all right. I left Thackery and Cross to the care of Smith, and I followed him, and got Wilson.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARRIETT
               



            . I am a pawnbroker Wilson pledged this handkerchief with me on the 22nd of May.


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a beadle. But know no more of this than Mr. Vaughan has related.


                  JAMES 
                  GODSELL
               



            . I am an apprentice to the Crown printing office. I bought the duplicate from the three prisoners at the bar, for sixpence. The prisoners were all three together. Mr. Vaughan got the duplicate from me.
Thackery's Defence. That officer has a spite against me, and he swore if he could not do any thing else with me, he would police me.
THACKERY, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 21.
DRUITT, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 18.
WILSON, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 55.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
