






895 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     RIPPEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of October

, a gold ring with an antique head, value 5 l. a heart stone, value 10 s a blood stone, value 10 s. four pair of ear rings, value 4 l. two broaches, value 1 l. seven bracelets, value 10 l. two gold chains, value 8 l. eight rings, value 40 l. a gold locket and key, value 3 l. an amethyst stone, value 10 s. a topazring, value 1 l. a painting and frame, value 5 s. and a box, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Campbell
                  



               
            . And 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     POLLARD
                  




               
             for 


               receiving the said goods, he knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  HANNAH 
                  HARRIN
               



            . Is your mistress's name 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Campbell
               



            . - A. Yes. she is a single
 lady.
Q.On the 2nd of August last, did your lady move to Sloane Street. - A. Yes, from Brick Street



 to Sloane Street



. A hackney coach was sent for for the purpose of removing her property. The prisoner Rippen was the driver of that coach.
Q. Among the different things that you gave the footman to put in was there a box of jewels. - A. Yes, and that box of jewels contained the several things in the indictment, I myself put these jewels in that box, and kept the key, and went with the coach to Sloane Street, and there the things were taken out of the coach, and put into the house.
Q. Have you any recollection of the jewel box being taken out of the coach, and put into the house, - A. No.
Q. I believe at that time you did not observe or miss any thing. - A. No.
Q. How soon afterwards did you miss that jewel box. - A. That day week, I have since seen some of the things at Bow Street.


                  JOHN 
                  CHESTER
               



            . I am a coachman. I fetched the hackney coach for the purpose of removing the property, the prisoner Rippen is the driver of that coach.
Q. Did you put thethings into the coach. - A. I do not remember the particular things, I remember the ladies maid bringing all the things into the hall, I put them all into the coach, I do not remember one from the other, I am quite certain the prisoner is the man that drove the coach.
Q. Did you take them out of the coach. - A. Some I took out, and some the prisoner Rippen took out.
Q.(to Hannah Harrin). You put all the things in the hall. - A. Yes, and the jewel box among the rest, and begged it to be particularly taken care of, I mentioned it particularly to the coachman.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DE ROACH
               



            . I am a working jeweller.
Q. In the month of August last did you work for the prisoner Pollard. - A. Yes, he is a working jeweller.
Q. Where was his shop. - A. In the two pair of stairs in John's Court, Handy Street, Oxford Street. The prisoner Rippen lodged in the same house in the one pair of stairs, Pollard keeps the house. In the middle of August I was in Pollard's Parlour, Pollard was reading the newspaper, he saw these things advertised, and said,
"they have got a good booty," I made answer,
"I think they have." Then the week following Mrs. Rippen came down several times and asked what such stones and such ear-rings were worth. Then after she came down and made these enquiries, then Pollard sent for the same newspaper, and on his reading the same paper she said,
"I think these things are up stairs." Then on the Saturday night following Mrs. Rippen brought down an amethyst stone and a heart-blood stone, and an amethyst broach, there were nobody else in the parlour but me and Mrs. Pollard, Mr. Pollard came in at the time, he said they were the finest stones that ever he had seen in his life, and then I saw the amethyst broach was crack'd at one end of it, Mrs. Rippen asked Pollard what these things were worth, Pollard said the blood stone was worth a pound, and the others were very good, he could not say what they were worth. Then on the Sunday morning I was up in the shop, I saw several of the sittings of diamond rings broken up, and I saw some stones I had seen the night before.
Q. Did you see an antique head in a ring. - A. Yes, and I saw a gold lockit with a snake round it with diamond eyes, when it opened the inside opened in the shape of an heart.
Q. What was done with the amethyst stone. - A. Pollard was taking the ring out of the heart, and in taking the ring out of the heart, it broke the stone.
Q. Did you see what Pollard did with the antique ring. - A. I saw the stone, he had it reset.
Q. What was done with the blood stone. - A.Rippen waited in the shop while I did it, he had it to wear it as a broach in his shirt.
Q. Did you see any sitting of a miniature picture. - A. Yes, I had it, that was among the other things.
Mr. Alley. Q. You were journeyman to the prisoner at the time. - A. Yes.
Q. What reward are you to have for giving evidence to-day. - A. Nothing, I have been offered something by Pollard's brother not to give my evidence.
Q. Did you go to a magistrate. - A. No, I never went to a magistrate till they took me with Pollard and Rippen, I was taken in Pollard's house.
Q. Then you gave no account of this transaction until you were taken upon the charge as a prisoner. - A. No. I did not know they were stolen. I did not know whose they were, Mr. Isaacs bought the pearl head piece and the gold locket with the snake round it, some loose diamonds and the beads to match the head piece, and beads for a necklace, for which Isaac's gave eight pound five shillings, as Pollard told me.


                  NATHAN 
                  ISAACS
               



            . Q. In the month of September last, did you purchase any jewels of the prisoner Pollard. - A. I did, I have got them with me. This is what they call part of a head ornament, it is gold.
Q. And the broach, did you purchase any thing in the shape of a snake. - A. I did not. I gave between three and four pound for them.
Q. You did not give between three and four pound for that. - A. No, there was a pearl ornament with them, they lain in my shop window, and part of them were sold. When the officer came and made the enquiry, I had no more than these. I got the pearl ornament back. I went for the lady and shewed it her, she said it was not hers.
Q. Did you buy other things. - A. I bought some loose diamonds.
JAMES STONE. I am an officer. I went with Foy to search Pollard's house, upon searching the work shop I found this amethyst heart broke in three.


                  THOMAS 
                  FOY
               



            . I found on a person of the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Jones
               



             this antique head. Jones produced it before the magistrate, and afterward by the order of the magistrate. I went home with him and he gave me this copy.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I keep a shop in Castle Street, Leicester Fields. I am a dealer in antiquities.
Q. In the month of September last did you puschase any antiques head of the prisoner Pollard. - A. I did, I gave him two guineas and a half for it, it was set in a rimg, I saw it previous unset, I delivered it to Foy. I had an order for the copy of it previous to the officer coming, I had the copy of the stone made by Mr. Tassy. Mr. Smith gave me the order.
Q. Looking at it as a man of science what do you call it. - A. Cleopatra.
Q. Is not that generally with a snake around the head. - A. It is. When I saw it in an unfinished state it had no snake round it.


                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Hill, in Rathbone Place, in September last the prisoner Pollard brought a quantity of stones and other things. These are the stones.
Q.(to Harrin.) Look at the locket, the miniature picture. - A. I know it perfectly. It is the antique that was lost I think, and part of the ornaments that Isaac produced are part of her ornaments, and the amethyst stone is broke in three. I am quite positive of it, and the stones produced by 
               Jones
             I can speak to positively. And the antique head is the head of the empress Julian not Cleopatra.
Rippen's defence. The lady's coachman knows he searched my coach with a candle, and then asked me my fare, I told him four shillings, he took my No. 210, at Marlborough Street. I told him the number was 218, after that I went to Vauxhall and it was three o'clock in the morning when I got home.

Pollard's defence. I never had any dealings with the man in my life, except making a blood stone, I cut it with my own hands and mounted it, he saw it in the rough state, and the man that worked for me saw me make it; he told me he had lost the broach, well then, I said you have lost it before you have paid for it.
Rippen called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Pollard called one witnesses, who gave him a good character.
RIPPEN, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
POLLARD, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
