





5. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of November
, a wicker basket, value 2s. and twenty four bottles of wine, value 6l.
             the property or 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Brown
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHAW
               



            . I am in the employment of Mr. Brown, who is a wine merchant
 on St. Mary's Hill


. I did not see the prisoner come into the warehouse; but in consequence of some information which I received, I went out and detected the prisoner with the wine on his shoulder.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PRATER
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Grobb, Rood lane. I was coming up St. Mary's Hill on the 3rd of November between ten and eleven in the morning, I saw some persons at Mr. Brown's house. I saw them with a hamper at the door; they lifted it on the prisoner's shoulder, and he took it away. I noticed which way he turned; the others turned down little Tower street. I immediately went to give Mr. Brown information that he had been robbed. His servant was sent, and he took him with the hamper on his shoulder. There were four or five concerned in this; I fetched the officer who took charge of him.
Prisoner. Did you see me take it out of the warehouse - A. No you did not.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I know all the wine merchants; they are in the habit of employing me to carry hampers and things for them. I was standing at the corner of St. Dunstan's hill, and the prisoner came along with the hamper on his shoulder. Shaw beckoned to me, and I followed the prisoner with him. We went up to the prisoner, and Shaw said to him, "halloo my friend, you have gone quite far enough with that." I helped the hamper off the prisoner's shoulder, and then he ran away. I followed him and took him in Mincing lane; I collared him, and brought him back to Shaw, and took the property to Mr. Brown, and he took the prisoner.


                  CHARLES 
                  WHITE
               



            . I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody; I took charge of him and the wine, and took both before the Lord Mayor.


                  JOHN 
                  TIDEFOLD
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Brown. The wine is not here, but the hamper is in Court. I packed the wine in the hamper myself and unpacked the hamper after it had been stolen; and took out the wine; (hamper produced.) It had two dozen of old port in it.
William Shaw. That is the hamper which we took from the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. Two men asked me to carry that hamper to Tower street, and I did not know it was stolen.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
