





468. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SCOTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of May
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Hulman
                        




                     
                  , a pocket-book, value 1 d. and four one pound bank-notes, and a bill of exchange, value 20 l. his property
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  HULMAN
               



            . I am a master of a vessel
. On the 8th of May I lost my pocket-book. I was coming through Exchange-alley


 as the clock was striking four; I was looking at my watch about a minute before that. I had my hand in my pocket, upon my book, coming along; I had felt my pocketbook safe about a minute before.
Q. What had you in your pocket-book - A. Four one-pound Bank of England notes, and a twenty-pound bill of exchange; and about eight hundred pound of accompts, but not money, only receipts. While I was looking at my watch I turned round; a gentleman pointed the prisoner as the man that had taken my pocket-book.
Q. How far was the prisoner from you - A. About two or three yards. I took the prisoner myself. I felt a hand in my pocket before I turned round. A gentleman said, what is the matter. I said, my pocketbook is gone. He said, there is the man that took it. I seized hold of the prisoner. I have never seen my pocket-book since; it was handed off. The prisoner said I might search, he had not got it.


                  GEORGE 
                  MABBS SHELLY
               



            . I am an hosier, in Whitechapel.
Q. Did you happen to be in Exchange-alley at the time this matter happened - A. I had been to Barclay's the bankers, and coming from there, I saw the prisoner and another person attempting the captain's pocket.
Q. Did you see whether they took any thing from it - A. Not at the time: I followed him from Birchin-lane into Exchange-alley: I was going that way and I followed them. I followed them through King's Arms-buildings into Exchange-alley again. I saw the prisoner next to the prosecutor, and another person behind him; his companion was with him when I first saw him. I saw the prisoner take the pocket-book out of the left hand pocket of the captain: the prisoner put his hand back. I thought he was putting it into his own pocket: I immediately went out of the alley and saw the prosecutor; he said he had lost his pocket-book. I said, that is the man I saw take it.
Q. What became of the companion - A. I did not see the companion go off; the prisoner was rubbing his face. The captain stopped the prisoner, and took him to the Mansion House.
Prisoner's Defence. When the gentleman came up to me I was wiping my face with my handkerchief. I had not a soul with me.
JURY Q. to Shelly. Did you see the companion run off - A. No, he walked off.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for Life
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
