





587. 
               
                  
                     FRANCES 
                     WEBB
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of June
, twelve silver table-spoons, value 8 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Meikle
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  MEIKLE
               



            . I live in Wapping Wall, inSt. John's parish


. I lost twelve silver table-spoons at different periods. The discovery was not made until the 4th of June. I missed them about two o'clock in the afternoon on the 4th of June, we missed eleven; only one was in the house then. We afterwards missed another the same evening.

Q. 
            Had you know the prisoner - A. Yes; his sister lived servant with me, and she frequently on head to see her sister. When I missed the last spoke I questioned my servant about who had been there; she said, Betey's sister. On Monday morning I found that spoon at Mr. Delaney's, a pawnbroker; he accompanied me to the office, and at the prisoner's lodgings I found there the whole of the duplicates for the twelve spoons pawned at six pawnbrokers. The prisoner took me to these pawnbrokers herself. She before denied every thing. The officer found her in the act of throwing the duplicates in the fire.
MR. DELANEY. I am a pawnbroker; I live in Church-street, Rotherhithe. On the 4th of June, late in the evening, the prisoner pawned with me a silver table-spoon. This is the spoon.
Prosecutor. This is my spoon; I had it at dinner, and missed it at supper. I know the spoon by a particular dent on it. I have no doubt it is my spoon.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been long out of place.
GUILTY, aged 20,




               Of stealing one spoon only, value 12 s.
            





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Dallas.
