





22. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BURCHALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of November
, one watch, value 40 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Emanuel 
                           Russell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  EMANUEL 
                  RUSSELL
               



            . I am a porter
, and live in Great Hertford-street, St. Luke's. On Friday evening, the 12th of November, I was at the corner of George-yard, Whitechapel


, carrying four chairs on my head; the prisoner came up, snatched my watch from me, and held it in my face. He turned up George-yard, and I followed him about twenty yards, then lost sight of him. I gave information to Lyon at nine o'clock, and described the prisoner to him. I saw him in custody on the Monday following, and am certain he is the person. There was a strong gas light close by.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not go into the Cross Keys, public-house, and point out another person as the man who had robbed you - A. No, I said that man was not so stout. I never said any other person was the man. I never had any doubt of the prisoner being the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LYON
               



            , I am a headborough of Whitechapel. I received information of this robbery about nine o'clock on Friday evening, The prosecutor described the man to me, in consequence of which I apprehended the prisoner; I knew him before.
Prisoner. Q. Do you know any thing wrong of me - A. I do not know him to be a common thief, but he is along with a gang. I took the prosecutor to a house that evening, which thieves use. The first house I took him to there were about thirty, but he said the person was not there. I took him to another house, pointed out a man to him, and said,
"Is he any thing like that man?" He said he was not so stout; he never charged any one with it but the prisoner, and the moment he saw him he identified him.
Prisoner's Defence. The person who did the robbery is now in custody. I was at home from half-past five o'clock till eleven. I wrote to witnesses to come, but they have not, as I have no money to satisfy them. If I was not innocent I could have got away after I was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Garrow.
