





265. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MARTIN
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of December
, one watch, value 5l.; one chain, value 2l.; two seals, value 1l.; and one watch-key, value 5s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           James Whiffing 
                           Paulin
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  WHIFFING PAULIN
               



            . I am an auctioneer
, and live at Ratcliff. On the 16th of December, about twelve o'clock at night, I was called out to protect the property at a fire in Wapping, I had my watch, chain, and seals about me, they are worth 9l., I looked at my watch once or twice, I was there about two hours, I was standing at the corner of the street, and felt my watch drawn from my fob, I made a snatch at the hand that was taking it, and caught the prisoner by the sleeve, I did not see the watch in his hand, I accused him of it, and he made no reply, I heard it rattle on the ground, it fell at his feet, I picked it up, I laid hold of him by the collar, he resisted, I struck him on the head and he called out to his companions, saying,
"Will you let me be taken in this way?" one of them said to me, let him go, it was not him; I knew that man to be a bad character. I took the prisoner with much difficulty and gave him to the watchman.
Cross-examined by MR. CHALLENOR. My attention was directed to the fire, I had about twenty-five round me, my back was against the wall; I did not observe the prisoner till I took hold of his hand, the watch fell immediately I took hold of his arms, it fell at his feet; he stood next to me.
Court. From the position in which the arm was when you seized it, could there be any other arm to convey away the property, but the one you seized - A. I have not the least doubt of it, the hand was directly before my fob.
GEORGE OLNEY. I am a patrol. I took the prisoner in charge; he denied the robbery.
Prisoner's Defence. The gentleman took hold of a sailor, and he got away; the gentleman then took hold of my arm and gave me into custody.
PAULIN. I did not take any body but the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
