







391. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COX
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GIBBONS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     KITTY 
                     BELL
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of January
, eighty pounds weight of potatoes, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Martha 
                  Norris
               




widow
.


                  MARTHA 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I am a widow; I carry on business in Spitalfields market
; I have a warehouse there. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cox
               



             and 
               
                  Kitty 
                  Bell
               



             were my servants

 there. On the morning of the 31st of January, I came down stairs a quarter before six o'clock, the first that I asked them was, whether they had any custom, or whether they had sold any potatoes out of my warehouse, they both (Cox and Bell) said they had not sold any, nor had any customers been; I have no partner in my business.
RICHRAD GREGORY. I live next door to Mrs. Norris. On the morning of the 31st of January, about half past six o'clock, I saw the prisoners Cox and Bell close together in Mrs. Norris warehouse; I saw Gibbons go into the warehouse with a basket, and a sack in it; I saw the prisoner Cox empty two baskets into a sack, which the prisoner Gibbon's held in the basket; Cox lifted the basket on Gibbons's head; I followed Gibbons, and saw him take the potatoes to the Bunch of Grapes, public-house. This was before Mrs. Norris came down stairs. When Mrs. Norris came down stairs, and asked the servants if they had sold any, I went, and got the potatoes, and had the prisoners taken into custody.


                  THOMAS 
                  HUNT
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoners were given into my charge; at the watch-house I searched Cox; I found two one-pound notes on him, and some halfpence; nothing on the other prisoners. I weighed the potatoes; there was eighty-eight pounds weight, of the value of four shillings.
Bell's Defence. It is wrong of Mr. Gregory to say that Cox gave the potatoes in my presence, as if I was guilty; I never saw it done.
Bell, called two witnesses, who gave her a good character.
COX, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
GIBBONS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Confined six months
            , and 



               publicly whipped
            .
BELL, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
