





175. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                     RICHARDSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of November
, a looking-glass, value 2 s. the property of Sir


                           Morris
                           Ximine
                        



                     
                  ; a whip, value 6 s. and one book, value 6 d.
             the property of Miss


                     Mary
                     Ximine
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN
                  SNELL
               



            . I am coachman to Miss 
               
                  Mary
                  Ximine
               



            , Miss Ximine and Sir Morris lived together; I left the rooms locked on the 15th of October, and on the 15th of November, my master receivedletter, saying, the stable had been entered by some, person and that man had taken the looking-glass; I do not know of his stealing of it, only this is the duplicate found in his breeches pocket.


                  BENJAMIN
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a labourer to the East India Company; I had the care of the house No. 40, Glocester-place, Portman square


. On the 11th of December, I took the key of the stable; I went into the stable; I found every thing in the stable right; I then went up stairs into the chambers, on opening the door, I heard a noise on the boards; I opened the door, and found the prisoner standing behind the chamber door; I asked him what he wanted there; he asked, me the same, and said if I did not go he would let me know who he was. I caught him by the collar, he then said, he was a poor man, he got in out of the rain. I took the prisoner to the watchhouse. I took from the prisoner a duplicate of a glass, and a whip in his breeches pocket; he said, it was his.
- . I am a pawnbroker. This is my duplicate of a whip found on the prisoner; I believe the prisoner to be the man that I took the whip on. This is the whip.


                  ROBERT
                  PALMER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, in Berwick-street. I took in a looking-glass; the duplicate found on the prisoner corresponds with the other. I do not know the man. This is the looking-glass.


                  John
                  Snell
               



            . The whip is mine, and the looking-glass was for the use of Sir Morris's coachman and me, I know it well.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of them in the World, I never saw them before I saw them at Marlborough-street office.



               GUILTY
            , aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
