






9. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     MACKEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     M'KAVETT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of November
, two pounds ten ounces weight of nutmegs, value 2 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Edwatd Allen
               



             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Pell
                  



               
            .


                     JOHN EDWARD 
                     ALLEN
                  



               
            . I live in Aldersgate-street


; I am a druggist

, my partner's name is 
               
                  William 
                  Pell
               



            : the prisoners were both porter

s to us.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CATTERNS
               



            . I am an apprentice to Messrs. Allen and Pell. On Friday the 15th of November I was watching, about half past seven in the morning. I saw 
               
                  Peter 
                  Mackey
               



             and 
               
                  Michael 
                  M'Kavett
               



             go into the accompting-house and take the nutmegs out of the drawer and put them in their pockets, and then they both came out of the accompting-house. We only found two pounds ten ounces on them. I weighed the drawer on the over night in the company of the officers, and we were one pound deficient. We went and searched the premises that evening, I found one pound on the premises.
Q. You do not know who did that - A. No.
Q. Then you mean to say that you lost three pound ten ounces - A. Yes, in all.
Q. And one pound you afterwards found concealed on the premises - A. Yes.


                  DANIEL 
                  LEADBETTER
               



            . I was fetched by Mr. Allen about eight o'clock in the morning, Cartwright and I were in company. The prisoner were pointed out to us; I searched Mackey, I found about three quarters of a pound of nutmegs upon him, some in each of his breeches pocket.


                  DANIEL 
                  CARTWRIGHT
               



            . I searched M'Kavett, and on his person I found one pound fourteen ounces in his right and left breeches pocket; I on the night before was in company with Mr. Allen, we weighed the drawer and the nutmegs altogether, this parcel made up the deficiency of one drawer exactly; in the other there was a loss of one pound that I understand was found afterwards.
Mr. Allen. We had such nutmegs as these in the house, they are worth twenty shillings a pound, the wholesale price.
The prisoners said nothing in their defence.
MACKEY - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 27.
M'KAVETT - 

               GUILTY
            , aged 25.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
