





825. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     MILES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of April
, one trunk, value 2s.; 18 shirts, value 5l.; 21 cravats, value 20s.; 20 pair of stockings, value 23s.; 15 handkerchiefs, value 10s.; two night-caps, value 1s.; six shifts, value 2l.; four sheets, value 10s.; eight table-cloths, value 2l.; three pillow-cases, value 3s., and two towels, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Woodfall
                  



               
            .

SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Rance
                  



               
            .
MARY BERRYMAN. I am laundress to Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Woodfall
               



            , who lives at Shepperton. On the 23d of April I sent a box, containing the articles stated in the indictment, to town. I delivered it to Rance, to take to Great Dean's-yard, Westminster.
WILLIAM RANCE. I am a carrier
 from Chertsey to London. I received the box from Berryman, and brought it safe to the White Horse, in Friday-street


, on Thursday night, the 23d of April. I did not unload the waggon until next morning. I do not know what became of it.


                  CHARLES 
                  STARK
               



            . I am servant to Rance. About half-past nine o'clock at night, I got into the waggon at the White Horse, and fell over the box; it laid on the chaff that I wanted for the horses - I left it safe in the waggon.


                  JOHN 
                  TILLEY
               



            . I am a watchman of Whitechapel. On the 23d of April, about a quarter past ten o'clock at night, I came up with three men in French-street - each of them had a bundle; I attacked the last man, he dropped his bundle and escaped-the other two turned the corner. I sprang my rattle and pursued, calling Stop thief! I picked up another bundle at the corner of Halifax-street, the prisoner was taken in Halifax-street. He is not the man who escaped.
JOHN COKELEY. I am a watchman of Spitalfields, which joins Whitechapel. I heard the rattle sprung, went to the corner of Halifax-street, and saw the prisoner with a bundle; he laid it down on a step. I pursued, calling Stop thief! A man who stood at a door, stopped him - He did not run above ten yards, and was not out of my sight. I am sure he is the man.


                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a carpenter. I came out, hearing the alarm, and heard some person running on the other side of the way; I crossed over, and collared the prisoner, the watchman came to my assistance. On going along Osborn-street he was rescued from us. I took him again, and am sure he is the man. I put him in the watch-house.


                  RICHARD 
                  PLUNKETT
               



            . I am a beadle. The prisoner and property were delivered to me at the watch-house.
Prisoner's Defence. I was passing and the man caught me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
