





22. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  MITCHELL
               




            , was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin Wasey 
                           Sterry
                        




                     
                  , on the 22d November
, on the King's highway, at St. Mary-le-Strand


, putting himwatch, value 10l., one chain, value 2l., three seals, value 3l., and one key, value 1s.
            , the property of the said Benjamin Wasey Sterry.
in fear and taking from his person and against his will one


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WASEY STERRY
               



            . On the 22d of November, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was turning the corner of Catherine-street, coming out of the Strand


, the prisoner came against me with great violence, more than an accidental meeting would occasion. He had an opportunity of seeing that I was coming that way, I nearly fell forwards; a person pretended to assist me; he came up to me, and then moved behind, and took hold of both my arms, and kept them confined. I had no means of assisting myself. I saw the prisoner take out my watch. I could not prevent him, as my arms were confined.
Q. Did you see the prisoner run away - A. My face was towards Exeter 'Change, I turned round and called out stop thief. The person, who held my arms, went away very leisurely across the street. The prisoner ran towards New castle-street; I pursued him immediately, and saw the watch-chain hanging out of his hand; I did not loose sight of him till he was taken, opposite Somerset-house. He had the watch in his hand, with the chain hanging out. He was apprehended, and I assisted in taking the watch from him. I produce it. I have had it ever since. I am sure the prisoner in the man.
Prisoner. If your face was towards Exeter'Change how could you see me - A. My face was towards Exeter'Change at the time my arms were confined.
LIEUT. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MORGAN
               



            . On the evening of the 22d of November, as I was walking up the Strand, I heard a cry of, stop thief, he has my watch; and immediately the prisoner rushed by me; I pursued him; the constable caught him; Sterry came up immediately; I assisted in securing him; the constable said, what has he between his legs; I put my hand down, he had his hands between his legs, and I took the watch out of them. Mr. Sterry claimed it, and I gave it to him.
WILLIAM DAVIS. I am a watchman of St. Dunstan, in the West. I was going along the Strand, about seven o'clock in the evening, to my beat, I heard the alarm, and saw the prisoner run across the street; he was making for the gate-way of Somerset-house; I collared him; he had something between his legs, for he kept his hands down there; I told the last witness of it; he took the watch from him; two patroles came up, and I gave him in charge. Several persons wanted to take him from me before, but I resisted.
Prisoner. I leave myself to the mercy of the court.
GUILTY. Aged 18.




               Of stealing from the person only
            .




               Transported for Life
            ,
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
