





373. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BORDER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of March
, a quart of gin, value 3 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Pickitt
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Pickitt
                  



               
            .
HARRIOT PICKITT. My husband's name is 
               
                  David 
                  Pickitt
               



            ; he is a brandy merchant

: his partner's name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Pickitt
               



            . On the 16th of March I went into the warehouse; it was near seven o'clock. I asked the prisoner to procure me a lemon. He seemed confused. The prisoner is a porter
 to us. He went out, and procured me a lemon. I took it up stairs. I then observed to my mother that I was afraid we had got a second dishonest man. I placedmyself on the top of the stairs, in such a condition that I could see all over the warehouse. I then observed the prisoner go to the gin vat, No. 3. He filled a bladder with gin, and put it into his small-clothes. I went down stairs into the cellar. I told Mr. Sheppard, the clerk, not to let the prisoner, 
               
                  William 
                  Border
               



            , go away without being searched. Mr. Sheppard brought the prisoner up stairs. I accused him of having spirits about him. He denied it. I told him, it was of no use denying it; I had seen him take it. He still continued denying of it. He went out of the warehouse into the back yard; Mr. Sheppard and myself followed him. Mr. Sheppard took from him the bladder containing the gin. We live at No. 5, Warwick-lane, Newgate-street.
GEORGE SHEPPARD. On the evening stated I was in the cellar. I said, William, you have something about you that does not belong to you. He said he had not. I told him I was certain that he had, because he had been seen to go to such a cask. He went towards the yard; I followed him. He drew from his smallclothes the bladder containing the gin. This is the bladder; it contains gin. It was more full at the time, but it was leaky, and it has wasted. It seems to have been made on purpose for the nosel of the cock to go in. He was afterwards taken in custody.
Prisoner's Defence. The bladder I found and the gin. When I went out of doors for this lemon at the public-house, I saw a man come in with a bottle; he set this down; I looked to see what it was. I took it up.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Recorder.
