





186. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     HITCHIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of November
, one whittle, value 12 s., and three pieces of cotton, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joshua 
                     Craig
                  




               
            .


                  JOSHUA 
                  CRAIG
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, and live in High Holborn


. The prisoner was my servant
. When I came home in the evening I found a shawl on the table, the fringe had been cut off, and a binding put on. I discovered my private mark on the end of the border. I sent for an officer, and found a gown in her box, and a piece of cotton of the same pattern. She said the boy gave it to her.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. When did she say the boy gave it to her - A. At the office. I have four shopmen.
Q. She said she bought the shawl of Mr. Jones - A. Yes; he is not here. I send goods out with my private mark on them. The print has my mark on it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I was sent for on the 8th of November. The prosecutor gave the prisoner into my charge for stealing a whittle. I found a gown in her room, which the prosecutor claimed. I also found a remnant of cotton to match it in her box.
GEORGE PRIOR. The prisoner said I gave her the print. On my oath, I never did.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear her say so - A. Yes; she said I took it out of the shop, and gave it to her at seven o'clock in the morning. The shop has not been open so early as seven o'clock for the last two months. I never sold her the shawl in my life. I sleep in the shop. I never gave her any thing.
Prisoner's Defence. I am confident he gave me the print with others. I bought the shawl of Mr. Jones, in Tottenham-court-road.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
