





416. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of April
, eight yards and three quarters of a yard of satin jean, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Sorel
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SOREL
               



            . I am a leather seller
 in Bishopgate Within


. I was not at home at the time the robbery took place.
Mr. Alley. These things had been sold to a customer. - A. Yes, they had.


                  THOMAS 
                  HUGHES
               



            . On the 17th of April, about eight in the evening, I was standing at my own door; it was just dusk. I had information that the officer was waiting for a person that had robbed the shop. I saw the prisoner cross the way with the jean under his arm; the prisoner was coming from Mr. Sorel's shop nearly across to ours; the officer met him in the middle of the street and stopped him.
Q. You did not see him at any time in Mr. Sorel's shop, did you - A.I did not; the officer attempted to take him; the prisoner struck at him twice or three times; after he struck at him he dropped the property and ran off; the officer picked up the jean. I pursued the prisoner, the prisoner was never out of my sight till he was secured, there was a board in the jean when he struck at the officer.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  SHRUBSALL
               



            . I am a constable. I was coming through Bishopgate-street on the 17th of April, a little after eight o'clock. I saw three or four suspicious characters. I saw the prisoner Davis, and another, go to Mr. Sorel's shop, the lower part of the window is board instead of glass; they stood a tiptoe and looked over the blank window into the shop. I watched the prisoner, and crossed over the way, being by myself, and spoke to Mr. Hughes's porter, and while I was speaking I saw the prisoner coming towards me with this jean in his arms; I stopped him and said, what have you got here? he said, you b - r, I'll let you know, and then hit at me. made a hit at him with my truncheon; he hit me again and I dropped on my knee; I made a catch at his waistcoat, the buttons broke, he got away; on his seeing Mr. Hughes coming he dropped the goods and set off; Mr. Hughes got hold of him, and then I got up to him and secured him.
Q. Was there any body in Mr. Sorel's shop at that time. - A. I was not positive what shop it was taken out, after I had secured the prisoner I went to a linen draper's shop. I asked them if it was their property, they said, No; Mr. Sorel's shop was shut up. I went there the next morning, they said they had lost the property.
Q. to Prosecutor. This was about eight o'clock the man stopped him, how lately before had you seen it. - A. I had not seen it since the morning; the person to whom it was sold lived in Henrietta-street, Cavendish-square.
Q. Was there any body at home in your shop at this time. - A. There were two men, they are neither of them here; the jean is worth thirty shillings.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel.
GUILTY, aged 22,
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
