






661. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  CORNELIOUS 
                  CONNER
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2nd of May
, one copper, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Pearce
                        




                     
                  , and affixed to his building
            .


                  JAMES 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I am a chandler
.
Q. Where do you live - A. No. 12, Pnacras-street, Tottenham-court-road


.
Q. When did you loose your copper - A. On the 2nd of May, it was fixed in the washhouse; it was taken about five in the morning.
Q. Why do you accuse the prisoner - A. A young woman who lives a few doors from me, came and called me, by knocking at my room door, and asked me if I had my copper; I told her, yes. She said, I had better get up, for there was two men gone up the passage with a copper.
Q. Is the washhouse a part of your dwelling - A. Yes. I got out of bed, and put part of my clothes on therein, and pursued them into Newstone-square, on to Tavistock-square, into Russell-square, and stept up to Conner, I caught hold of him with the copper on his head; he threw the copper of his head; I secured him.
Q. Where is the copper - A. This is the copper.
Q. He had it on his head - A. Yes, and Jones run away.
- . On the 2nd of May, a few minutes before five, as I was going to work, I saw two men, the prisoners at the bar, looking at the door; I stood three doors from Pancras-street; Conner was standing in Little Pancras-street, and then he crossed over, and presently I saw him with the copper on his head; I called Mr. Pearce, and asked him if he had the copper in his washhouse, for I was afraid it was gone.
Prisoner Jones. Q. Did you see me speak to Conner - A. I did not.


                  SAMUEL 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a constable. The copper was brought to me.
Q. To Mr. Pearce. Is that your property - A. I am sure it is mine.
Jones's Defence. As I was walking along, that gentleman came up to me.
Conner's Defence. All I have got to say is, I know nothing of the man.
JONES, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 24.
CONNER, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 37.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
