





353. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PLOWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of April
, a coat, value 2l. and a hat, value 10s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Evans
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of Benjamin Hall, esq
            .
JOHN EVANS. On Wednesday morning last, I went up stairs, between ten and eleven o clock, and on coming down again, I went to my own room, I pushed my door open, and it recoiled against me, as if somebody was behind it; immediately the prisoner was just coming out; and I asked him what business he had there? he seemed very much confused, and made a great many stammers, and said he wanted to find the kitchen; I shewed him along the passage towards the kitchen, and pointed it out to him; he had a ice-pail and a apron, like a confectioner's man. I just put my head into my own room to see if all was right, and perceived that my coat, which had been hanging up on the other side of the room, and my hat, which had been in a box, had been removed as far as from your lordship to me, to the plate chest, close by which the prisoner was standing when I first pushed the door open; I waited until he returned, and laid hold of him, and then he denied taking the coat and hat. I asked him where he came from? and he said, from Mr. Gunter's, the confectioner, in Berkley-square, for orders. I took him into custody, and took him to Bow-street.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down Brook-street, about ten o'clock on Wednesday morning, and a young man, like a confectioner's man, gave me that ice-pail, and asked me to go down, and ask if there were any orders from Mr. Gunter. I went down, and went into this room by mistake, and was just coming out when the gentleman stopped me.



               GUILTY
            , aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Wood.
