






69. 
               
                  
                     GABRIEL 
                     MYERS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ABRAHAMS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of November
, a piece of cotton nett, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Mayhew
                  




               
            .


                  HANNAH 
                  MAYHEW
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Mayhew
               



            ; I live at No. 30, New-road, St George's in the East


. I lost my property on the 16th of November, between five and six in the evening, the prisoner Myers took the piece of cotton nett out of a window where the pane of glass was broken in the inside sash; the prisoner Myers took it out, and put it into his pocket.
Q. The glass was broken before, was it - A. Yes, I saw him put it into his pocket. I went into the next door, there was no one with me at that time. The prisoner Abrahams had been in the shop a minute before, and had left the shop before Myers came in, and took it; Abrahams came into the shop before Myers, he asked to look at some handkerchiefs. In about a minuate after Myers came in; I called my husband, and while my husband turned his back to take some stockings down, I saw Myers put his hand into the side sash, and took the cotton nett; my husband came round to assist me; he threw the cotton nett down: I laid hold of Myers' coat.
Q. Where was Abrahams all this time - A. I believe he was standing some where about the door; the two prisoners were never in the shop together; Myers denied taking the cotton nett, and after he took it out of his pocket, he said, he meant to purchase it; this is the cotton nett; it is my husband's property.
MYERS, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 19.




               Transported for seven years
            .
ABRAHAMS, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
