





578. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     HILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of May
, nine shillings and sixpence in money, and eight one-pound bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Flogdell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  FLOGDELL
               



            . I am a baker
. I met the prisoner in Clare-street


, between twelve and one on the night of the 8th of May, she asked me to give her some liquor; but I refused. She asked me for liquor again, and I told her I would give her some if there was a house open. While I was standing at the door of the Cock and Magpye, she left me all on a sudden, and I suspected I was robbed, and immediately missed my notes and money. I immediately made my case known at the watchhouse; and the constable of the night and a patrole went in pursuit of her; they found her, with part of the money on her. I am sure the prisoner is the woman.


                  JOHN 
                  BEAN
               



            . I am a patrole of St. Mary-le-strand. On the 8th of May, I was going my rounds at about half past twelve, and I saw Mr. Flogdell and the prisoner in company together; I followed them from Feathers-court down to the Cock and Magpye, where Mr. Flogdell was knocking, trying to get in. I left them then, and was going down White Hart-yard,when I was called by Mr. Flogdell, who said, he had been robbed of eight pounds, and some silver; and I took him into the watchhouse, and after that I apprehended the prisoner going down Covent Garden, and found six one-pound notes and ten-pence in halfpence. The prosecutor was a little elevated in liquor.


                  JAMES 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . I was constable of the night. I found six one pound notes in the prisoner's bosom. I asked her how she came by them; and she said, she had them of a man about six o'clock in the evening.



               GUILTY
            , aged 48.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
