





495. 
               
                  
                     CATHARINE 
                     JUDE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of February
, one watch, value 6 l.; one seal, value 1 l., and three keys, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Todd
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  TODD
               



            . I am a tailor
, and live in Meard's-court, Wardour-street. On the 14th of February, between three and four o'clock in the morning, I had been with some friends, and on leaving them, I went to a coffee-shop, in Wych-street - I was quite sober; the prisoner came in, and sat down. I gave her some coffee, and then went to No. 10, Charles-street


 with her. I got up between eight and nine o'clock; she was still in the room - I missed my watch - the door was bolted inside; she denied taking it; the landlord and landlady also said they knew nothing about it. On examining I found a hole in the wainscot, over the head of the bed - it communicates with the landlord's bed-room; any thing could be slipped through; there was a matting behind to receive any thing. I put my watch under the pillow safe at night.


                  PATRICK 
                  CRAWLEY
               



            . I am a watchman. The prosecutorinformed me of the robbery, and I took the prisoner in charge; she denied it. I saw the hole in the wainscot, property might be put through it.


                  RICHARD 
                  JONES
               



            . I am landlord of the house. I never saw the watch - I have two or three women in the house.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the watch.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
