






1010. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     YATES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of October
, two frocks, value 8 s. two shifts, value 4 s. two petticoats, value 4 s. two night-gowns, value 3 s. five pinafores, value 5 s. a handkerchief, value 6 d. and a curtain, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Flanner
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Stubbs
                        



.


                  SARAH 
                  FLANNER
               



            . I live at 52. High-street, St. Giles's. Mr. Flanner is an ironmonger
. I lost the articles in the indictment on the 18th of October; I put them in possession of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Stubbs
               



            , he was to take them to my child's grandfather, at 41, Duke-street, West Smithfield. I sent him with them about seven o'clock in the evening.


                  CHARLES 
                  STUBBS
               



            . About half past six o'clock, on the night of the 18th of October, I was sent by my mistress to take a bundle to Duke-street, West Smithfield. I was looking in a silversmith's shop, the corner of Castle-street, Holborn


; the prisoner asked what made me so long; I said, I had not been long coming from our house. He said, I had been an hour; I said I had not. I had a bundle under my arm; he said, then my master was very ill indeed; he said, you must give me the bundle, go back, and tell your master to come to my master directly; he gave me two-pence. I thought a good while, and gave him the bundle; I thought he had come from the place at whose house I was going to take the bundle to. I walked a little way, and I thought I had done wrong; he run across the road, down Leather-lane; I run after him, and holloaed out stop thief; he was stopped in Leather-lane; he chucked the bundle down; a groom picked it up. I knew it to be the same bundle that I carried. The prisoner was taken to Hatton Garden office.


                  JOHN 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a ostler at the Horse and Groom yard, Leather-lane. I did not see the prisoner; I picked up the bundle close to our gate; the boy claimed it; I took the bundle to Hatton Garden office.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MURPHY
               



            . I live at No. 1, Greek-street, Soho. I was at the corner of Leather-lane; I heard the alarm of a thief; I pursued, and stopped him in Greville-street; the boy, Stubbs, came up, and said, that is the man that took his bundle away.


                  JOHN 
                  HUTT
               



            . I am an officer. The bundle and the prisoner, were delivered to me. This is the bundle.
Prosecutrix. The bundle is all my property.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            , aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.
