






1127. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HALL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  RIDLEY
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Dwyer
                     




                  , on the King's highway, on the 31st of August
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one ribbon, value 6d.; one seal, value 5s., and one key, value 6d.
            , his property.


                  THOMAS 
                  DWYER
               



            . I am a labourer
 in the East India House. On the 31st of August, about half-past eight o'clock at night, I was in Drury-lane


, going home; two men came and gave me a push; it appeared to me to be done designedly; the prisoner, Hall, came up and snatched my watch immediately as the other two men pushed me; I collared Hall, when the prisoner, Ridley, came up and threw me down, which made me let go my hold. I am sure he is the man. They ran away - I followed; the private watchman came to my assistance, and took Ridley - I pursued Hall, and secured him - I never lost sight of him; nothing was found on them. There were five or six of them together. I was not in liquor.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READY
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 31st of August I heard the alarm; the prosecutor pointed to Ridley, and told me to take him, which I did; he was walking very quick; Dwyer followed with Hall. His watch-ribbon was broken.


                  PATRICK 
                  CRAWLEY
               



            . I am a watchman. The prisoners were brought into the watch-house - I found nothing upon them.
HALL'S Defence. I was passing and heard the alarm; he gave charge of Ridley, and then said I was one of them that robbed him.
HALL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
RIDLEY - GUILTY. Aged 26.
Of 


               stealing from the person only
            .




               Confined One Year
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Graham.
