





43. 
               
                  LOUISA 
                  ELLEN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of October
, twenty-one yards of woollen-cloth, value 18l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Prosser
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PROSSER
               



            . I live in Goswell-street


; the prisoner was my servant
, and had been with me for two years. On the 2d of November, as I was cutting a piece of cloth, I found that I had lost five yards and a quarter; I examined farther, and found I had lost twelve yards more from other pieces, and afterwards I missed three yards of cassimere; I lost a great deal more. I knew it must either be the prisoner or my lad. I spoke to her on the Saturday about it; I gave her no reason to think that she would not be prosecuted. When she was charged with it, she said, she had stolen it; this was on a Sunday night. When the officer came, she said, that she had taken the blue and green cloths; she had taken them to a Mrs. M'Ginnis, who lived in Cloth-fair; the officer was present when she made this confession. We took her to the watch-house.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. She had been sometime in my service; I had a good opinion of her. I had missed goods several times.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HAYDON
               



            . I am an appreutice to Mr. Prosser. I remember seeing the prisoner go out of the house between seven and eight o'clock on the morning, before this robbery was found out; she carried something with her; I asked her what it was, she said, they were things she had to take out.
WILLIAM MONK. I took the prisoner into custody, and was present when she confessed the robbery; she said, she had taken the goods to Mrs. M'Ginnis, in Cloth-fair. She said, that M'Ginnis sold them for 2l. 10s. to a Jew, and give her the money.
Prisoner's Defence. Friday night was the first time that I was asked about this. They kept me confined in the house, and I never went out until I went with the officer; and then Mr. Prosser said, would it not be better for me to be in my own bed, and that if I would confess it I should be let loose, and I did confess it.
GUILTY. Aged 18.




               Of Stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Richards
               



            .
