





722. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LAWRENCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of May
, three geese, nine goslings, and one turkey hen
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Hudson
                  




               
            .


                  MARTHA 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Hudson, he has a farm at Plaistow in Essex


; he had some geese, some goslings, and some turkeys. On the night of the 3rd of May I locked them up, they were all safe.
MISS 
               
                  ANN 
                  HUDSON
               



            . I remember the circumstance of these poultry being stolen, on the morning of the 4th of May. When I went to the door of the poultry-house, it was broken open, and a piece broken off, and three geese, nine goslings, and a turkey hen were stolen. 
               Brown
             the watchman shewed them to me that evening.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a watchman at Bromley. On the night of the 3rd or the morning of the 4th of May, I saw the prisoner and two other men with sacks on their backs. I went for assistance; I suspected they had nothing which belonged to them. As soon as I came up to them, they threw down the sacks and ran away. I am sure the prisoner was one of the men; I knew him before; I picked up the sacks, and took them home. In the sacks were three geese, and nine goslings; and that morning I was told, that a turkey hen was runing about; and I took her. I went to Stratford, and then to Westham, and there I found Mr. Hudson had lost these things. (Here the poultry were produced, and sworn to by Miss Hudson.) It was twenty minutes past three, when I saw the prisoners; it was getting light. It was light enough to see any one. It was light enough to recognise a person I had seen before. I knew the prisoner before. The prisoner was taken up three weeks afterwards. I had seen him after this affair, before he was taken up. I did not apprehend him; he did not seem at all surprised nor alarmed. I did not attempt to secure him, because I had no assistance at hand.


                  JOHN 
                  MOSS
               



            . I am a constable, I apprehended the prisoner at Westham. He ran away, I got a warrant for him and took him; I received a description of him from Brown, on the morning of the robbery. I searched for him for three weeks, but could not find him. At length I apprehended him on the 22nd.



               GUILTY
             aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
