





191. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SIMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of November
, 20 s. in monies numbered, and nine 1 l. Bank-notes
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lawes
                  




               
            .



                  JOHN 
                  LAWES
               



            . I keep the Mulberry Tree, public-house
, Mulberry-street, Commercial-road


. On the 15th of November, the prisoner came and asked me to give him change for a 10 l. note; we were in complete confusion at the time, having had a very large fire in the neighbourhood. I took him nine 1 l. notes, and one pound in silver. He asked me what he owed? - it was 3 s. He had half a pint of gin, which I took into the parlour with the notes. I put the notes and silver down, which he counted, and said,
"Allow me to leave this bundle in the bar, and I will call and pay your score."
Q. Did he give you a 10 l. note - A. He did not - it was a neglect of mine, certainly. I immediately sent to his father's, who lives at No. 11, in our street, and inquired if he was there? He was not, and had not been there. I saw no more of him till the Saturday following, when I gave him into custody. I am certain he never put down the 10 l. note, or left the bundle at the bar.
Cross-examined by MR. WALFORD. Q. You expected a 10 l. note - A. Certainly. My house was full of firemen, and he took advantage of it.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge. As he went to the office he said he received the money of the prosecutor, and had no 10 l. note at the time at all.
Prisoner's Defence. I asked for change for a 10 l. note, I had ordered a tailor to bring me a suit of clothes to the house, and Lawes saw me pay him 2 l. 15 s. I left a 10 l. note on the table.


                  JOHN 
                  LAWES
               



             re-examined. I supposed he had a 10 l. note when he asked for change. It did not strike me that he had not given me the note till my wife asked me for it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
