






1176. 
               
                  
                     ALBERT JAMES 
                     AVERY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     OLIVER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of August
, one handkerchief value 3s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Prendergast
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  PRENDERGAST
               



            . I live in St. James-street. On the 6th of August, I was on this side Temple-bar


, going home about two clock in the afternoon, and was informed my handkerchief was gone; I immediately missed it.


                  JOHN 
                  CARLISLE
               



            . I am an officer. On the 6th of August, between one and two o'clock, I saw the prosecutor in Fleet-street, going towards Temple-bar, and saw the prisoners, standing together, leaning over a post at the corner of Salisbury-court; I had been following them before. They followed the prosecutor, when he passed them. Avery went behind him just at Water-lane, he put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket-Oliver was close behind him; Avery pulled the prosecutor's handkerchief about half way out, the prosecutor still went on; Oliver went up and took it quite out. I laid hold of Avery, and told the prosecutor to hold him while I fetched the other; I followed him through several courts with the handkerchief in his hand, it was red with white spots. He turned to the right into Bouverie-street, and Fleet-street again; crossed Fleet-street into another court and went into a house there, he shut the door, I opened it, but lost sight of him. I returned to Fleet-street, took Avery from the prosecutor and took him to the Compter. I returned, and saw Crouch in Fleet-street with Oliver, I had informed him of the circumstance; the handkerchief has never been found. I was on the opposite side to the prosecutor.


                  EDWARD 
                  CROUCH
               



            . I am a constable. I was in Fleet-street and saw Avery in custody of last witness; he gave me information about Oliver. I went to look for him, and found him in the house he had ran into, which his father keeps. I found him on the roof.
MR. PRENDERGAST. My handkerchief was red silk with white spots.
Prisoner's Defence. The officer said he would get us transported right or wrong.
AVERY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
OLIVER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
