





463. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of February
, 28 yards of printed cotton, value 36s., the goods of 
                     
                        Bryan 
                        Weems
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  HOOD
               



            . I am servant to Bryan Weems, who is a linen-draper
, and lives in St. John street, West Smithfield


. On the 19th of February, about three o'clock in the afternoon, my master was in the counting-house, behind the shop - I was writing at the counter. All at once, I heard a person step lightly out of the shop very quick - I immediately ran out - I saw somebody come in or go out; the print was in the window; he must have reached a great way to get it - He could not get it over the rail outside; the shawls hung by the door, which prevented my seeing him. I saw the prisoner running with a large bundle on his arm. I pursued him about a hundred yards caught hold of him round the neck, and asked him what he had got there? He took it from under his coat, threw it in the gutter, and said, "There, take it." He slipped from me, but I took him again-another person picked up the print. My master was in the counting-house; there is a window in it, which looks into the shop.


                  JOHN 
                  BIGNALL
               



            . I am a shoemaker - I work opposite the prosecutor's. About three o'clock in the afternoon, three young lads stood before my window, in company together. I saw them making a signal to a person on the opposite side of the way. I looked out again, and saw the prisoner and Hood running down the street - the prisoner had the cotton under his arm; he threw it down, I picked it up, and took it to the watch-house. I saw the prisoner on the step of the door.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 40.




               Of Stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
