






1060. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     PIKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of October

, two hundred and forty-nine thousand of nails, value 15 l. 8 s. 6 d. and three dozen of files, value 10 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wright
                  



               
            . And 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PEAKE
                  




               
             for



               receiving the aforesaid goods, he knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I am an ironmonger
, in Smithfield



. In consequence of information that I received that the prisoner, Peake, was in the habit of receiving a large quantity of my goods, I obtained a search warrant, and with the officer, I went to look after my property at the prisoner, Peake's house, in Bath-street



, at the back of St. Luke's Hospital.
Q. What business is he - A. He keeps an iron shop
. I went to his shop; I there found a large quantity of nails, files, and ironmongery in general. I examined the papers carefully; I found a deal of circumspection had been used; the parts of the papers that had been marked were cut off, and had been marked in another place. I selected one parcel of files, with my mark upon the files; they are a particular sort, and never sold in London; it was three dozen, marked S. W. I never sold them in London. There were several bags of nails, most of them had my marks upon the bags. After I had removed all the property away from Peake's house, I called Pike into my accompting-house, I questioned him concerning the business; he denied it at first, but when he saw I had all the property away from Peake, he began to paulter, he sent to me just before he was going to be put into the Compter; I went to him. He then told me that he had regularly sold a large quantity of goods to Peake; he said, he stole the files. He nearly enumerated all the articles I have got here; he sold them to Peake for three-pence a pound.


                  CHARLES 
                  READ
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Wright. This paper found in Peake's possession is my marking.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I marked one paper of nails found in Peake's possession.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton Garden. On the 15th of October, a search warrant was obtained, I and Brown searched Peake's house, Bath-street, St. Luke's; we found a great quantity of nails, files, screws, locks and brass cocks.
Prosecutor. The property is all mine.


                  CHARLES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. I was in company with Read and the prosecutor. In searching the prisoner, Peake's house, I found these three dozen of files, and I apprehended Peake about eight o'clock in the evening.


                  MARY 
                  TACKLE
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Peake. I have been there three months the 9th of this month.
Q. Do you know Pike, the other man - A. I know him very well, because he snuffles; he used to come almost every day with parcels in a bag, and particularly of a Sunday; Peake took the parcels of him. I never saw any money pass between them. This bag of nails was brought by Pike.
Mr. Wright. That bag of nails is my property.
Pike's Defence. I hope my master will be merciful to me.
Peake's Defence. It is a piece of business made up by this man to get his liberty; it is of no use my talking.
PIKE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 47.





               Confined 6 months in the house of correction
            , 



               fined 1 s.
            

PEAKE, 

               GUILTY
            , aged 63.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. Recorder.
