






168. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PAGETT
                  




               
             was indicted, for that 


               he, on the 13th of October
, was servant
 to 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Wyatt
                        




                     
                  , and was employed and entrusted by him to receive money for him; and that he being such servant, so employed and entrusted, did receive and take into his possession for and on account of his said master the sum of 29 l. 8 s. 6 d. and that he afterwards feloniously did embezzle, secrete and steal the same
            .


                  HENRY 
                  CHARRINGTON
               



            . I am the landlord of the Cock public-house, Snow-hill. I am a customer to Mr. Wyatt. On the 13th of October I paid the prisoner 29 l. 8 s. 6 d. on account of Mr. Wyatt his employer.


                  HENRY 
                  WYATT
               



            . I am a brewer
 in Shoe-lane. The prisoner was clerk
 to me; he was employed to receive money on my account; when he came home at night, he was to give me an account of the monies he had received in the day.
Q. Did the prisoner give to you any account, on the 13th of October, of the 29 l. 8 s. 6 d. received of Mr. Charrington - A. Not to me.


                  THOMAS 
                  SPENCER
               



            . I am a clerk of the prosecutor; it is my duty to make entry of the money brought home by the prisoner.
Q. On the 13th of October did you receive the sum of 29 l. and a fraction of the prisoner - A. I never received any money at all, nor do I see any such entry in the book.
Mr. Wyatt, junior. Q. Did the prisoner account to you of this sum of 29 l. 8 s. 6 d - A. He did not.
The Prisoner left his defence to his counsel, called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for Seven years
            .
First Middlesex Jury before Mr. Recorder.
