





972. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Story
                        




                     
                  , in the King's highway, on the 8th of September
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, a watch, value 2 l. one chain, value 5 l. two seals, value 10 s. and a watch-key, value 6 s. his property
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  STOREY
               



            . On the 8th of September, I was in the Golden Anchor, at Wapping


. I came out at about ten o'clock at night, rather the worse for liquor; I know I had my watch when I left the room to come out. When I came out, I was hustled by a man; but I don't know that it was the prisoner. I think I was knocked down. After I got up, I missed my watch; Captain Hudson delivered it back to me.
AVERY HORNSLEY. I saw the last witness just as he was rising, after being knocked down. I saw a man, who afterwards turned out to be the prisoner, snatch at his watch; I immediately cried stop thief, and pursued him The prisoner out run me, and Captain Hudson overtook him.


                  LAUNCELOT 
                  HUDSON
               



            . I was standing about four yards from Storey, when I saw him and another man fall together; I did not know that that man was the prisoner, at first. How they came down, I can't tell. The man got up, and ran away; and hearing Captain 
               Hornsley
             call stop thief, I pursued that man, who turned out to be the prisoner; I overtook him. I lost sight of him; but he had a white coat on, and I soon regained him; I knocked him down, and said, where is the hat; thinking he had only stolen Storey's hat. He said, there is the watch, and pointed it out on the ground. I called the watchman, and gave him in charge; and returned the watch to Captain 
               Storey
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HOWES
               



            . I am headborough, and received this watch from Captain 
               Storey
            .
Captain 
               Storey
            . That is my watch; it has Henderson, Sunderland, on it.


                  JAMES 
                  INCH
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard a noise at about ten o'clock, on the night of the 8th of September. I went to see what was the matter, and saw Captain

Storey
             on his back, and the prisoner took his watch, and ran away; and we ran after him.
Prisoner's Defence. The watchman knew nothing of the matter, for he was in his box.




               GUILTY
            , aged 21,
Of stealing from the person, but not of the assault.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
