





1406. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOLFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of September
, one watch, value 30s.; one seal, value 2s., and one key, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Cashway
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JAMES CASHWAY. On the 16th of September, I and my wife were going home about ten o'clock at night, to Swan-street, Bethnall-green, we were at the corner of Bacon-street


; the prisoner and two more ran against us, and separated me and my wife - They said nothing, but went away - I immediately missed my watch; two of them ran one way, and the prisoner crossed over and went the other way; I ran after, secured him, and took him to a public-house, with a great deal of trouble - He tried to get away. I left him at the public-house while I went to the watch-house, and when I returned I found he had made his escape. I told Turner to look after him, and on the 20th he took him. I had seen the prisoner before the robbery, and knew his person; I am sure he is the man. I have not received my watch.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. I was quite sober. The prisoner was taken again four days after. I never prosecuted any person before.
CHARLOTTE CASHWAY. I am the wife of the last witness; I was with him at the corner of Bacon-street, when the prisoner and two others rushed against us; two of them ran down Swan-street; my husband said he was robbed, crossed over after the prisoner, and took him; he resisted, and tried to get away. I held him tight, he tore my clothes to pieces, and said "let me go." We said we would not. We got him to the Half Moon public-house; a man came in, called him by a different name, and said"it was not George; I will be bail for him for 100l. or 150l." While my husband was at the watch-house two gentlemen came in, and said if I would give charge they would take him to the watch-house; on taking him out, the man, and some others, rushed against them, and rescued him. I am sure the prisoner is the man, I did not lose sight of him until he was taken.
Cross-examined. There was a light in the public-house window. I am sure he is the man.
Prisoner's Defence. Some men came along and pushed me against him, when they took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
