





106. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Humphrey 
                           Varnall
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of three in the afternoon, on the 7th of December
, Ann, the wife of 
                     
                        Humphrey 
                        Varnall
                     



                  , and others being therein, and feloniously stealing, two coats, value 5 l. two waistcoats, value 30 s. a pair of breeches, value 1 l. two pair of stockings, value 10 s. a watch, value 4 l. a gold watch chain, value 50 s. a seal, value 1 l. a watch key, value 5 s. a shift, value 1 s. a bed gown, value 2 s. and an apron, value 6 d. his property
            .


                  HUMPHREY 
                  VARNALL
               



            . I live at 33, Vere-street, Clare-market


; I keep the Lamb public-house
. On the 7th of December I lost a silver jewelled watch, it cost me seven pounds, a great coat, and a suit of mourning.
Q. That was two coats, what might they be worth - A. The two coats near eight pounds, a black silk waistcoat, an under waistcoat, a pair of black breeches, a pair of black silk stockings, a pair of cotton stockings; my wife lost a shift and a bed gown; there was a gold chain to the watch, gold seal and key. I value them all at twenty pounds; I lost them out of my bed room, the back room on the first floor.
Q. When had you last seen them before - A. On the Thursday, about the middle of the day, and I missed them on the Friday, on the day before my clothes were all folded up and laid on my box from the Sunday till the time that I lost them.
Q. Was your bed room door open - A. It was locked, I locked it on the Friday morning. I went up stairs to get change of a pound note and on my missing these things I made application to Bow-street and got an officer to come to my house, his name is Bacon.
When did you see your goods again - A. On Monday I saw part of them at Mr. Hawkins's in Drury-lane, a great coat, a gold chain seal and key, I went there and saw 
               
                  Mary 
                  Driscoll
               



             with a part of my property.


                  ANN 
                  VARNELL
               



            . Q. What do you know of this matter - A. I went up to make the beds a little before four on the Friday, I put the key into the key-hole of the door, I found it was unlocked, I opened the door made the bed and dusted the room and then I found my watch was taken out of the room, the watch had laid on the table; I came down stairs and went about my own business till my husband was in the way and then I asked him if he had seen any thing of the watch, he told me no, not since the morning; I missed all these things my husband has mentioned. On the Thursday they were there, on the Friday they were gone.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BACON
               



            . On Monday the 10th I went to Mr. Hawkins's, in the evening 
               
                  Mary 
                  Driscoll
               



             was there, I took her in custody, the pawnbroker produced the things before the magistrate.
WILLIAM SMELLIE. At that time I lived with Mr. Hawkins, I took in of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Driscoll
               



             a great coat, a pair of breeches, a chain seal and key.
Prosecutor. These articles are mine.
Bacon. I have the watch.
Prosecutor. This is my watch, I have had it fifteen years.


                  JAMES 
                  GERROD
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Edwards, Clare-street, Clare-market; I produce two pair ofstockings pledged for three shillinge and two waistcoats five shillings, the prisoner pledged the waistcoats.
- WELSH. I apprehended the prisoner at a liquor shop the corner of Hollies-street Clare-market, I asked her whether she had got any duplicates, she gave me six and said that was all she had got; I took her to the office in Bow-street, she was there searched.
Bacon. I searched the prisoner, in her left hand pocket I found this key, I took her into the Brown Bear and desired the maid servant to search her, she found this watch; this key unlocked the door that is supposed to broken open.


                  MARY 
                  DRISCOLL
               



            . I had been in Mr. Lamb's, Stanhope-street, Mrs. White came in and spoke to me, she pulled out a chain, Mr. Lamb would not take it in; I went along with her to Mr. Lane's in Drury-lane, the chain was taken in for twelve shillings; we then came out, she said she had got something else, we went to another pawnbrokers and pawned the seal for eight shillings and when we came out she treated me with some gin.
Q. What was the name of the pawnbroker where you pawned the seal - A. I do not know, the street goes into Bow-street. On Saturday night I bought these tickets of her, I gave her a shilling and four pence for the tickets of the chain, seal, and key, a great coat and breeches, I was to give her three or four shillings for them.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the witness on that day, I saw her husband, he lent me a shilling, I saw that woman on the Monday, she gave me four pence, that good woman went and pledged the seal in Bow-street; the young man that gave me the things is run away.




               GUILTY
            , aged 31.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Lord Chief Baron.
