





385. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     CHANDLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of February
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , three one-pound bank notes
            , his property.


                  HENRY 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a brazier
, and live in Golden-lane. I lost my notes by Smithfield-bars


, on the 23rd of February last, at about eleven o'clock at night. The prisoner at the bar appeared to be very much intoxicated, and hung by me; she took me into a place close by, not a house, but a court; I was not drunk. About half an hour after I had left her, I missed the notes, and in consequence of information, I went to a house in Church-lane, and knocked at the door, and inquired for Wetch Bet; the patrole was with me, and we took two notes from her hand, which was clenched. I received my notes from Edward Owens.


                  EDWARD 
                  LYNDON
               



            . I am a patrole of St. Sepulchre's. I was going my rounds on the night of the 23rd of February, and I went with the prosecutor to apprehend the prisoner; we found two notes clenched in her hand.


                  EDWARD 
                  OWENS
               



            . I gave three notes which I received from my mother to the prosecutor, on the 23rd of February.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  OWENS
               



            . I don't know these notes; but I gave three notes to my son, one of which I had received from 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Claxton
               



            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CLAXTON
               



            . I gave this note to Mrs. Owens.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked the notes up.




               GUILTY
            , aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
