





894. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOLMES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 22d of October
, a stove grate, value 18 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Evans
                  




               
            .


                  DAVID 
                  EVANS
               



             I am a stove grate maker
. I live in Crutched-friars


. I was not at home when the circumstance happened.


                  ANSELM 
                  GEARING
               



            . I am clerk to William and Henry Breen. They are malt factors in Mark-lane. On Saturday evening last I was passing the prosecuter's door, about six o'clock. The prisoner, with a lad about sixteen years old, in a white jacket, passed me within about half a yard. The prisoner sent the boy in a white jacket to take up the stove that was standing by the prosecutor's door; the boy took the stove up, and carried it into Jewry-street. I went into Mr. Evan's shop, and informed his man that a boy had taken a stove away. The man went round the corner, and I went with him; he took the stove off the prisoner's shoulder. The prisoner had got it then upon his shoulder; we took the prisoner into custody, the boy escaped.


                  JOHN 
                  IVES
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Evans. I was in Mr. Evans's shop. I followed the men by the information of the last witness, and catched the prisoner with the stove upon his back round the corner in Jewry-street.


                  THOMAS 
                  PINNER
               



            . I took the prisoner into custody on Saturday night, the 22d of October. This is the stove.
Prosecutor. That is my stove.
Prisoner's Defence, I was coming by a young man I saw with the stove upon his shoulder. He asked me which way I was going. I said towards Whitechapel. He said he would give me sixpence to take the stove to Houndsditch. I took the stove about twenty yards when a gentlemen came and stopped me with it. I told him I had it of a young man that was to give me sixpence for taking it to Houndsditch.



               GUILTY
            , aged 25.




               Transported for seven years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
