






1000. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HARVEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of May

, two sheep, price 5l.
             the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Sanders
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     ESTHER 
                     PARROTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving them, well knowing them to have been feloniously stolen
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SANDERS
               



            . I am a butcher
, and live in the parish of Islington, opposite the church. The week before Whitsuntide, I bought seven sheep, and gave them to 
               
                  John 
                  Beasley
               



            , to drive. I saw him ochre them on the back and off hip; they had O branded on the rump-they were put into a field behind the Pied Bull Inn, in Islington parish



. On the 6th of May, I killed five of them - I saw the others safe between four and five o'clock that afternoon. The next morning, at eight o'clock, I missed them. My house is at Upper Islington. I have some pens at the back of my house. If I wanted to go from the Pied Bull to Cross-street, the nearest way would be to pass the front of my house; there is another way by the back road. When I lost the sheep, I sent for Beasley; the next morning he made a communication, which made me suspect the prisoner Harvey. At eleven o'clock the next morning, I went with a constable to Castle-street, Clerkenwell, and took him up-we found him bed. I believe he said he had been to Portsmouth. I next went with Beasley, French, and Lack, to the house of the prisoner, Parrott, in Blue-gate-fields, Shadwell. I found her at home, sitting in the shop, which was fitted up like a butcher's shop; there were a few hooks in the window, and two knuckles of mutton laying on the window. I found a neck of mutton laying on the board, with the lamb, exposed for sale. I searched further, and found a shoulder of mutton behind a great coat in the shop. The constable opened a cupboard, and found two pair of hind-quarters of mutton hanging up, covered with a dirty cloth; the cupboard was in the shop, the door was not locked. The constable went up stairs, and brought down a pair of fore-quarters and a brisket, with a cloth over them; they were fat mutton, and answered to one of the hind quarters; all the joints corresponded, and were fat mutton.
Cross-examined by MR. CURWOOD. I do not know whether Parrott has a husband. The fore-quarters were cut up by a butcher; the hind-quarters were together. The cupboard was a very improper place to keep meat; it should be hung in an open place.
JOHR BEASLEY. I am a drover. The last witness gave me orders to drive seven fat sheep to his house at Islington. I marked them on the back, and along the off hip; they had an O branded round the tail. I took them to his house. On Monday, the 26th of May, I was sitting on the bench at the Thatched-house, Lower Islington, just at the bottom of Cross-street, about a quarter before five o'clock; I saw a young man named French, drive two sheep down by Paradise-place, by the mad-house - They were fat sheep. I asked him where he was going with them? he said he found them in the back road, and did not know where he was going with them. I saw the O on them, but did not observe the other marks-the O was just above the tail - They were just turning the corner. I told Mr. Sanders, and afterwards took French to him.
Cross-examined. There are a number of sheep marked with an O on them.
SAMUEL FRENCH. I know the prisoner, Harvey, and remember seeing him last Whit Monday just by Smithfield-bars; he said he would give me a job to drive two sheep. I went to the Pied Bull, at Islington, with him; when he got there, he told me to go round by the back road to the Rainbow public-house, and stay there till he came to me. I went, and very soon afterwards he came to me - He came out of the pens by the Pied Bull - He was driving two sheep through the palings. He brought them to me, and told me to drive them and follow him. I went round to Upper-street, Islington, and down a street. I saw Beasley at the Thatched-house - He asked me whose sheep they were? I told him I found them in the back road, and did not know whose they were; upon which the prisoner (who was just by me), ran down by the river. I drove them on, and saw him again soon after - I saw him just by Shoreditch Church turnpike, turning down to Bethnal-green; he went on before me, into the Commercial-road, and left the sheep at the prisoner's, Parrott, house. Harvey went on there before me, and I drove the sheep in. He told her to give me 2s. I went to the house and saw her there; I did not stay five minutes - I heard him tell her to give me 2s., which she did. The sheep were put into a little bit of a shed, like a small slaughter-house. I went away. They were marked on the back, and down the off side, with ochre, and an O put at the back of the tail, branded with tar. Beasley came to me on the Monday morning, and I afterwards went to the prisoner, Harvey's house. He told me, if any person stopped me, I was to say I found them.
Cross-examined. Parrott's house is a butcher's shop; it was market-day at Smithfield. Harvey used to be a master-drover.
WILLIAM LACK. I am an officer. On the 28th of May I went to Harvey's house and found him in bed. I told him I came about two sheep which belonged to Mr. Sanders - He said he knew nothing about them. I took him to Hatton-garden, and then went to Parrott's shop-her shop looks more like a cat's-meat shop than a butcher's. I asked her if she knew a man of the name of Harvey-she said, No. I asked her if she knew that boy (I had French with me), she hesitated, and then said she had seen him before, she did not say when. I asked her what she had done with those sheep which the boy had brought there? she gave me no answer. I asked her if she should know the man that came with the boy; she said she should. After the meat was found, I asked her what became of the skins - She said the man who brought it there had taken them away. I had spoken to her of Harvey being the man, before I searched the house. A table stood before the cupboard door; I removed it, opened the door, and found the hind-quarters of two fat sheep. I went up into the bed-room, she remained below. I found a clothes-basket against the head of the bed, and two fore-quarters of fat mutton in it, covered over with a cloth; this was all I found there. I went back again the same day, as she told me I had not got all. I searched the same room, and found a fore-quarter of mutton hanging behind the door, covered over with a petticoat.
Cross-examined. I believe there was some cat's-meat hanging up in the window. I do not know that she has a husband. I searched for sheep-skins, but could not find any.


                  THOMAS 
                  SANDERS
               



             re-examined. Lack brought the last fore-quarter to me-that, together with what had been previously found, made two whole sheep, except the offal. It appeared to be nearly fresh killed.
Q. If you employ a drover to drive sheep, and he employs a boy, who pays the boy - A. He does. I have known Harvey fifteen or sixteen years - He is a drover. When a butcher buys sheep the skins belong to him.
HARVEY'S Defence. The boy has spoken falsely. I was quite lame, and could not follow the sheep.
PARROTT'S Defence. I have a lawful husband. I did not know but what he had bought them; he is a butcher. I have often paid the drovers for bringing the sheep home.
Jury to FRENCH. Q. You say, when Beasley spoke to you the prisoner ran away, and you did not see him again till you got to Shoreditch turnpike - A. He had told me to go to the Commercial-road when he first spoke to me. I knew the road very well.
HARVEY - 

               GUILTY
            . - 


               DEATH
            . Aged 36.
PARROTT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Abbott.
