






1376. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of July
, thirteen live tame fowls, price 26s.
            , the goods of Sir 
               
                  Maurice 
                  Disney
               




            , Knt. Commander of the Most Hon. Order of the Bath
.
JOHN JELLIES. I am coachman to Sir 
               
                  Maurice 
                  Disney
               



            , Knt., he lives at Hampstead


. I have the care of the poultry. On the 25th of July, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I saw them safe, the hen-house door was locked-there is a hole that they get through; I got up about six o'clock the next morning, found the hen-house door broken open, and thirteen fowls gone; it is surrounded by a wall six feet high-at eight o'clock I saw them again, and the prisoner in custody. The poultry was dead, but quite warm.


                  RICHARD 
                  RODGERS
               



            . I am watchman of Kentish-town. On the 25th of July, about ten minutes after five o'clock, I saw the prisoners lying under a wall, about two miles from Hampstead, each of them had a bundle-one of them said, "here comes the old watchman". I passed them and turned back again; as I passed them they stooped down. I followed them, and told a man to stop them. They were brought to the watch-house.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PARMENTER
               



            . I was in the fields, and saw the prisoners throw the bundles into a ditch-each bundle contained six fowls.


                  JOHN 
                  HATFIELD
               



            . I live at Kentish-town. I saw the prisoners running, and secured them. I found another fowl in the ditch.
JONES'S Defence. I was returning from Cheshunt, and was stopped. I never saw the fowls.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
WRIGHT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
