







315. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOOPER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  EDWARDS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of May

, twenty one yards of floor-cloth, value 4l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harvey
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Jasper 
                     Knight
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     ABRAHAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .
LEWIS LEWIS. I am an officer. On Sunday morning, the 4th of May, I was in Crown-street, - the prisoner, Edwards, keeps an old iron shop there; I saw the prisoners, Hooper and Edwards, with a piece of floor-cloth; having been in that trade myself I noticed it, and by the mark on it, I knew it to be Messrs. Harvey and Knight's manufacture. I followed them about five minutes, they went to Abrahams's house, the door was immediately shut, and I went away to Mr. Harvey's; the next day I got a search-warrant, went to Abrahams's, and found the same floor-cloth by his bedside, in a sack; he came home in about an hour, and Limbrick asked him how he came by it? he said he did not know how it came there. It had no sack on it when I saw the prisoners, Hooper and Edwards, with it.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. His bedroom is on the same floor as the shop. I saw his cart in St. Giles's between one and two o'clock, on the Sunday. Edwards carried the floor-cloth, and Hooper was with him. I am sure they are the two men. Abrahams was not in the cart when I saw it. There are only two rooms in Abrahams's house.
RICHARD LIMBRICK. I was with Lewis, and found the cloth by the bedside.
JASPER KNIGHT. I am a floor-cloth manufacturer, in partnership with John Harvey. Lewis came to me, and I missed the cloth. Edwards had been in my service.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
HOOPER'S Defence. I found it in Britannia-row - A man told me I could sell in Crown-street. I took it there, and sold it. A woman came to the door, and said the man was not at home, but that I might leave it till he came; the next day I went there, and she said her husband was taken up for it. I told her I would go to the office and say I had found it. I went, and as I was coming back I was also taken.
ABRAHAM'S Defence. I was in Whitechapel that morning. My wife said nothing to me about it.


                  RACHAEL 
                  ABRAHAMS
               



            . I am the prisoner, Abrahams's, mother, and live in Harrison-street, Whitechapel. On Sunday morning, about nine o'clock, he came to my house, and left it about half-past nine. I heard him say he was going to fetch some glass.
WILLIAM Wells. I am servant to Abrahams. On Sunday morning he left home about half-past eight o'clock, with the horse and cart - I was with him. We went to Mrs. Abraham's, and was there at nine o'clock. We went to Chelsea with some glass. We went through Crown-street in ourway there, but did not call at home; we passed the house about half-past ten o'clock, and we got home about twelve. Abrahams was with me all the time.
Cross-examined by MR. WALFORD. We went strait from Mrs. Abrahams's to Chelsea with some glass - We got the glass from Mrs. Abrahams.
HOOPER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
EDWARDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Confined Six Months
            , and 




               Whipped
            .
ABRAHAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
