





933. 
               
                  NEWCOMEN 
                  EDGEWORTH
               




             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 26th of February, in the year 1803. at the parish church of Cheshunt, took to wife one 
                     
                        
                           Mary Elizabeth 
                           Savory
                        



                     
                  , and to her was married, and that he afterwards, on the 13th of October, 1813
, at the city of York


, took to wife one 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Townsend
                        



                     
                  , his said wife 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Elizabeth
                     



                   being then living
            ; and that on the 22d instant, was apprehended and taken in Middlesex, for the said felony.
REV. Mr. ARMSTRONG. Do you know the prisoner - I do
Q. In the year 1803 did you marry him - A. I did, to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Elizabeth Savory
               



            , at Cheshunt, in Hertfordshire. I was acquainted with his wife before he married her, and with him afterwards; she is now living.
Q. The prisoner has been abroad, has he not? - A. I have heard so.
Q. In how short a time after he returned from the Cape of Good Hope did he marry Mrs. Townend - A. I cannot speak to that; he shewed me a letter that he received from his wife after he returned from the Cape of Good Hope.
Q. Did he remind you of the time he received that letter? - A. No; he shewed me the letter, and talked about it. My own memory furnishes me with the knowledge that I married him.
COURT. Did Miss Savory live at Cheshunt when she was married - A. She did; I heard of the second marriage.
REV. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BULMAN
               



            . I am a clergyman at York.
Q. On the 13th of October last year, did you perform the ceremony of marriage between the prisoner and any other person - A. I did; between the prisoner and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Townend
               



            . I had known Mrs. Townend many years before; he applied to the Surrogate for the licence, I performed the marriage by licence. I speak from memory; I cannot remember the day of the month only from the register. I have seen the prisoner since the marriage a great number of times. I have been called upon to interfere for her protection; I know him perfectly.


                  GILES 
                  REES
               



            . I am a baker, living in Crawford street, Brunswick square. I appehended the prisoner in Seymour-place. Montague square, in the parish of St. Mary-le-bone, Middlesex. I delivered him into the charge of a constable, at my own house.
Prisoner's Defence. In the first place, the counsel for the prosecution has held out to the Court, and the Jury, that I represented myself as a gentleman, whereas I am no such thing: my brother is Major 
               Edworth
            . A quarrel with my father threw me upon the world eight or nine years ago. I held a menial situation with Mr. Townend. Mr. Townend said he observed somethind in my manner far superior to my then situation. He desired to enter into my history. I gave it him; he promised he would put me forward in the world. My brother died; my family took me by the hand, and Mrs. Townend and I corresponded for nine years. I married Miss Savory in the year 1803. I entered into his majesty's service, and after being separated from Miss Savory seven years, I returnedinto England. On my return home I found Mr. Townend was dead. In consequence of a correspondence that originated between Mrs. Townend and me, I went down to York, and was in the habit of dining with her three or four weeks previous to our marriage. I have sent down the deed to Mrs. Townend, and I trust my service for my country thirteen years; although I may have erred in this, yet I hope that will be taken into consideration.



               GUILTY
            , aged 47.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Richard
               



            .
